Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 01 September 2026 1 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the 'Group', the 'Company' or 'CAML') Conditional Approval of TSX listing Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) is pleased to announce that it has received conditional approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange (the 'TSX') for the listing of shares in CAML on the TSX, including the new shares that will be issued to the shareholders in Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) ('Cygnus') in exchange for their fully paid ordinary shares in Cygnus, pursuant to the terms of the previously announced Scheme of Arrangement between Cygnus and CAML should the conditions to that transaction be satisfied and the transaction be successfully implemented (the 'Cygnus Transaction'). The shares will trade on the TSX under the trading symbol 'CAML'. Final approval of the listing is subject to certain customary conditions of the TSX, including the successful completion of the Cygnus Transaction. Gavin Ferrar, Chief Executive Officer of CAML, commented: "Although not a condition precedent to the Cygnus Transaction, this approval represents an important step towards realising our strategy to maximise the value from the acquisition of Cygnus and its flagship Chibougamau project in Québec. As our recent Interim Results for the six months to 30 June 2026 showed, CAML is a robust, highly cash-generative business, with significant technical capabilities. We believe the acquisition of Cygnus will create a compelling combination of profitable production, development potential and exploration upside, to the benefit of both sets of shareholders. "The addition of a TSX listing will not only allow Cygnus shareholders to trade the CAML shares they are expected to receive in the Cygnus Transaction on the TSX, but will also serve to broaden CAML's investor base in North America more generally. Toronto is one of the world's premier centres for mining equities, with a deep understanding of the sector, and we regard a TSX listing as highly complementary to our prospective ownership of a significant mining project in Canada." For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and