Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 18 September 2026 18 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the ‘Company’ or ‘CAML’) Result of the Cygnus Scheme Meeting Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) issues an update regarding the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) (‘Cygnus’) by means of an Australian Scheme of Arrangement (the ‘Scheme’) as announced on 2 June 2026 (the ‘Cygnus Transaction’). Under the Scheme, CAML will acquire 100% of Cygnus in an all-share transaction. CAML is pleased to note that at the Cygnus Scheme Meeting held earlier today, Cygnus shareholders voted in favour of the Scheme. The positive vote by Cygnus shareholders follows the corresponding approval by CAML shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting on 4 September 2026 to allot the New CAML Shares pursuant to the Scheme. Next steps Cygnus has advised CAML that it has applied to the Supreme Court of Western Australia (the ’Court’) for approval of the Scheme at a hearing scheduled for 14:15 (AWST [1] ) on 23 September 2026 (the ‘Second Court Hearing’) [2] . If the Court approves the Scheme at the Second Court Hearing, Cygnus intends to lodge a copy of the Court orders with the Australian Securities & Investments Commission on 24 September 2026, when the Scheme will become Effective. It is expected that Cygnus will be suspended from trading on the ASX and TSXV from the close of trading on 24 September 2026, and the Scheme will be implemented on 5 October 2026. All stated dates and times are indicative only. The actual timetable will depend on many factors outside the control of CAML and Cygnus, including the Court approval process and the satisfaction or waiver (where applicable) of the conditions precedent to completion of the Scheme. Any changes to the above timetable will be announced by Cygnus and CAML to their shareholders via their respective regulatory news services and corporate websites. Gavin Ferrar, Chief Executive Officer of CAML, commented: “Today’s positive vote by shareholders in Cygnus represents another important step towards completion of the Cygnus Transaction, and we look forward to adding Cygnus’ high-grade Chibougamau copper-gold project in Québec to our asset base in due course. “We are grateful for the support of both sets of shareholders, which we believe represents an endorsement of our strategy of establishing a balanced portfolio of profitable production, development potential and exploration upside, combined with the financial and technical resources to unlock value, and accessible to shareholders via both London’s AIM market and the Toronto Stock Exchange.” For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc [1] Australian Western Standard Time [2] The Second Court Hearing may not take place at this time and date if all conditions precedent to the Scheme (other than approval of the Scheme at the Second Court Hearing) have not been satisfied or waived (as applicable) at least two hours before the time scheduled for the Second Court Hearing. Shareholders should refer to CAML’s news release dated 14 September 2026 titled ‘Update regarding the Scheme of Arrangement’, which provides an update on the status of the conditions precedent to the Scheme, including the Kazakhstan regulatory approval condition precedent which has not yet been satisfied. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and