Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 21 September 2026 21 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the ‘Company’ or ‘CAML’) Further update regarding the Scheme of Arrangement for the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) issues a further update regarding the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) (‘Cygnus’) by means of an Australian Scheme of Arrangement (the ‘Scheme’) as announced on 2 June 2026 (the ‘Cygnus Transaction’). Under the Scheme, CAML will acquire 100% of Cygnus in an all-share transaction. As previously announced on 14 September 2026, the Scheme is subject to a number of Conditions Precedent. As at the date of this announcement, the condition precedent of Kazakhstan regulatory approval remains outstanding, and CAML has informed Cygnus that it does not believe this condition precedent will be satisfied by the Second Court Date (currently scheduled for 23 September 2026). Accordingly, Cygnus has advised CAML that it will approach the Supreme Court of Western Australia (the ‘Court’) to defer the Second Court Date (with a further announcement to made upon finalisation of the date with the Court and the resultant impact on the implementation timetable). In respect of the progress of the Kazakhstan regulatory approval condition, CAML has advised Cygnus that it has been actively engaging with the Ministry of Industry and Construction of Kazakhstan (MIC) with respect to the application. Importantly, the MIC has not raised any adverse comments or objections to the content or merits of the filed application, nor does it require any further information to make a final decision. CAML remains confident that it will receive the required approval. Owing to multiple ongoing updates of the MIC’s administrative procedures, CAML was required to re-submit its application electronically (online). This electronic submission was completed on 18 September 2026. At the same time, MIC confirmed to CAML that this requirement to resubmit the application is related to the changes in administrative procedures and is not related to the merit or content of the application. Furthermore, although the statutory 30-day review period would ordinarily apply, CAML has received certain assurances that its application will be processed as soon as practicable. CAML expects the approval to be granted on or before 12 October 2026. Cygnus has advised CAML it will apply for the Court’s approval of the Scheme as soon as possible following receipt of the Kazakhstan regulatory approval. Cygnus has informed CAML that it is not otherwise aware of any reason why any of the other outstanding conditions to the Scheme will not be satisfied or waived in the ordinary course prior to the revised Second Court Date. For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and