Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 04 September 2026 4 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the 'Company' or 'CAML') Authorisation granted to allot New CAML Shares for the acquisition of Cygnus Metals Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) announces that at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 4 September 2026, the Resolution was duly passed by shareholders to authorise the Directors to allot the New CAML Shares pursuant to the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) ('Cygnus') by means of an Australian Scheme of Arrangement as announced on 2 June 2026 (the 'Cygnus Transaction'). Details of the Resolution can be found in the Circular to Shareholders published on 14 August 2026, and further information on the Cygnus Transaction can be found in Cygnus' Scheme Booklet, both of which are available on the Company's website at: www.centralasiametals.com/acquisition-of-cygnus-metals-limited/ In addition, following on from the publication of Cygnus' Scheme Booklet, CAML has engaged Bell Potter who may be able to assist Cygnus shareholders to execute trades on the London Stock Exchange's AIM market following completion of the Cygnus Transaction. Cygnus shareholders should refer to Cygnus' disclosure for further details of how to access this service. Gavin Ferrar, Chief Executive Officer of CAML, commented: "The results of today's EGM show that our shareholders have voted overwhelmingly in favour of the Cygnus Transaction, which represents a key milestone towards realising our plans to add Cygnus' high-grade Chibougamau copper-gold project in Québec to our portfolio. "We are grateful to our shareholders for their support, which we believe represents a strong endorsement of our strategy of creating a balanced portfolio of profitable production, development-based growth and exploration potential, whilst also allowing for significant capital returns. We look forward to completing the Cygnus Transaction, and delivering on that strategy to the benefit of all shareholders." For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and