Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 07 August 2026 7 August 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the 'Group', the 'Company' or 'CAML') Notice of Interim Results Central Asia Metals plc (AIM: CAML) will release its Interim Results for the period ended 30 June 2026 on Wednesday 26 August 2026. Analyst conference call and webcast A live conference call and webcast hosted by Gavin Ferrar (Chief Executive Officer) and Louise Wrathall (Chief Financial Officer) will take place at 09:30 (BST) on Wednesday 26 August 2026. The conference call can be accessed by dialling +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 (UK/international) or 0808 109 0700 (UK toll free) and quoting the confirmation code 'CAML' when prompted by the operator. The webcast can be accessed using the link: https://b.link/CAML_H12026 The presentation will be available on the Company's website and there will be a replay of the call available following the presentation at https://www.centralasiametals.com Presentation via Investor Meet Company The Company will hold a live presentation via the Investor Meet Company platform at 16:30 (BST) on Wednesday 26 August 2026. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard until 08:00 (BST) the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free, and can add to meet Central Asia Metals PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/central-asia-metals-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Central Asia Metals PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will be invited automatically. For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and