Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 23 September 2026 23 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the ‘Company’ or ‘CAML’) Adjournment of the Second Court Hearing for the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) issues a further update regarding the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) (‘Cygnus’) by means of an Australian Scheme of Arrangement (the ‘Scheme’) as announced on 2 June 2026 (the ‘Cygnus Transaction’). Under the Scheme, CAML will acquire 100% of Cygnus in an all-share transaction. Cygnus has advised CAML that the Supreme Court of Western Australia (the ‘Court’) has made orders today to adjourn the date of the Second Court Hearing in respect of the Scheme. The Second Court Hearing is now scheduled to take place at 14:15 (AWST [1] ) on 14 October 2026. The Scheme is subject to a number of conditions precedent, and as at the date of this announcement, the condition precedent of Kazakhstan regulatory approval remains outstanding. As indicated in its announcement of 21 September 2026, CAML remains confident that it will receive the required approval, and expects that the approval will be granted on or before 12 October 2026. To allow additional time for the satisfaction (or waiver) of this condition precedent, Cygnus has requested, and received, orders from the Court to adjourn the Second Court Hearing to 14 October 2026. Should the Kazakhstan regulatory approval be received earlier than the date outlined in today’s announcement, Cygnus has advised CAML that it will ascertain the potential to bring the Second Court Hearing forward. As a consequence of the adjournment of the Second Court Hearing, the indicative timetable for the Scheme will change. The updated indicative timetable would result in an Effective Date for the Cygnus Transaction of 15 October 2026, with the Implementation Date following on 27 October 2026 [2] . For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc [1] Australian Western Standard Time [2] Note: all of the above times and dates are indicative only. The actual timetable will depend on many factors outside the control of CAML and Cygnus, including the Court approval process and the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions precedent to the completion of the Scheme. Owing to the time zone differences between Canada and Australia, certain actions relating to the implementation of the Scheme may occur on 23 October 2026 during Canadian business hours to enable implementation to occur on 26 October 2026. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and