Disclaimer* Central Asia Metals PLC 14 September 2026 14 September 2026 Central Asia Metals PLC (the 'Company' or 'CAML') Update regarding the Scheme of Arrangement for the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Central Asia Metals PLC (AIM: CAML) issues an update regarding the proposed acquisition of Cygnus Metals Limited (ASX:CY5, TSXV: CYG, OTCQB: CYGGF) ('Cygnus') by means of an Australian Scheme of Arrangement (the 'Scheme') as announced on 2 June 2026 (the 'Cygnus Transaction'). As previously announced, there are several conditions precedent that need to be satisfied or waived (if applicable) before the Scheme can be implemented, including: o the Independent Expert's opinion, which has concluded that the Scheme is fair and reasonable and hence in the best interests of Cygnus Shareholders in the absence of a superior alternative proposal emerging; o approval by CAML Shareholders to allot the New CAML Shares pursuant to the Scheme, the resolution for which was passed at an Extraordinary General Meeting on 4 September 2026; o North Macedonian merger clearance, which has been satisfied; and o Kazakhstan consent for the issue of the New CAML shares pursuant to the Scheme. Further, and although not a condition precedent to the Scheme, the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) has conditionally approved the listing on the TSX of the shares in CAML, including the New CAML Shares that will be issued to Cygnus Shareholders pursuant to the Scheme. In relation to the outstanding condition precedent of Kazakhstan regulatory approval, the application is in process, with the statutory timetable now requiring a decision by no later than Thursday, 1 October 2026. As a result, this approval may not be obtained prior to the Cygnus Scheme Meeting scheduled for 18 September 2026 or potentially the Second Court Date (currently scheduled for 23 September 2026). Should the approval not be received before the Second Court Date, Cygnus has advised CAML that it may apply to the Court to defer the Second Court Date to the earliest practicable date following receipt of the Kazakhstan regulatory approval and/or seek the Court's approval to treat the Kazakhstan regulatory approval as a condition subsequent. CAML is not aware of any specific reason why the Kazakhstan regulatory approval will not be received in the ordinary course. Further, Cygnus has advised CAML that it is not aware of any reason why any of the other outstanding conditions to the Scheme will not be satisfied or waived in the ordinary course prior to the current Second Court Date. Gavin Ferrar, Chief Executive Officer of CAML, commented: "We are pleased with the progress made thus far in advancing the Cygnus Transaction, and we expect to complete the outstanding conditions in due course. We look forward to adding Cygnus' high-grade Chibougamau copper-gold project in Québec to our portfolio, and to welcoming Cygnus shareholders as shareholders in CAML." For further information contact: Central Asia Metals Tel: +44 (0) 20 7898 9001 Gavin Ferrar CEO Louise Wrathall CFO Richard Morgan richard.morgan@centralasiametals.com Investor Relations Manager Peel Hunt (Nominated Adviser and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Ross Allister David McKeown Emily Bhasin BMO Capital Markets (joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7236 1010 Thomas Rider Pascal Lussier Duquette BlytheRay (PR advisers) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 Megan Ray CentralAsiaMetals@BlytheRay.com Rachael Brooks Note to editors: Central Asia Metals, an AIM-quoted UK company based in London, owns 100% of the Kounrad SX-EW copper operation in central Kazakhstan and 100% of the Sasa zinc-lead mine in North Macedonia. The Company also owns an 80% interest in CAML Exploration and 100% in CAML XD, two subsidiaries formed to progress early-stage exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan, and a 32.6% interest in Aberdeen Minerals Ltd, a privately-owned UK company focused on the exploration and development of base metals opportunities in northeast Scotland. For further information, please visit www.centralasiametals.com and follow CAML on X at @CamlMetals and on LinkedIn at Central Asia Metals Plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Central Asia Metals (CAML) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and