Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On March 16, 2026, the Board of Directors of DTE Energy Company (“DTE Energy”) approved execution of a Primary Supply Agreement (“PSA”) and a Clean Capacity Accelerator Agreement (“CCAA”) between DTE Energy’s subsidiary DTE Electric Company (“DTE Electric”) and Google LLC (“Customer”) a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. Under the terms of the PSA, DTE Electric will provide electric service at its standard industrial rate to Customer’s future 1.0 gigawatt data center to be located in southeast Michigan (“Project”). The term of the PSA will run through December 2047, with options to extend the term. The PSA also establishes minimum monthly charges and, if applicable, termination fees if the PSA terminates early. Under the terms of the CCAA, DTE Electric will, at Customer’s cost, deploy up to 480 megawatts of energy storage capacity and 1,600 megawatts of renewable generation to support its electric service to the Project. DTE Electric will operate the renewables and storage resources over the 20-year contract term, with options to extend upon mutual agreement of Customer and DTE Electric. The CCAA requires Customer to provide DTE Electric with Zonal Resource Credits of approximately 300 megawatts of accredited capacity in MISO Zone 7 at no cost to DTE Electric. Customer's parent is providing credit support to DTE Electric for both the PSA and CCAA. The foregoing description of the PSA and the CCAA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the PSA and the CCAA, copies of which will be filed with DTE Energy’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2026. Statements : This Form 8-K contains statements that are subject to various assumptions, risks and uncertainties. It should be read in conjunction with the " Statements" section in DTE Energy's and DTE Electric Company's (DTE Electric) 2025 Form 10-K (which section is incorporated by reference herein), and in conjunction with other SEC reports filed by DTE Energy and DTE Electric that discuss important factors that could cause DTE Energy's and DTE Electric's actual results to differ materially. DTE Energy and DTE Electric expressly disclaim any current intention to update any statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: March 17, 2026 DTE ENERGY COMPANY (Registrant) /s/David Ruud David Ruud Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY (Registrant) /s/David Ruud David Ruud Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer