BETA Close X Shell plc has announced that as of July 31, 2026, its total issued share capital comprises 5,562,341,925 ordinary shares of €0.07 each, all of which carry voting rights. The company currently holds no shares in treasury, meaning the total number of voting rights available to shareholders is 5,562,341,925. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate their notification obligations regarding interests in the company under FCA Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Voting Rights and Capital Total Voting Rights Shell plc (the “Company”) announces, in compliance with Rule 5.6.1 of the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules that, as at 31 July 2026 the Company’s capital consisted of 5,562,341,925 ordinary shares of €0.07 each, with voting rights. The Company held no shares in Treasury. Accordingly, the total number of voting rights in the Company was 5,562,341,925. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries Shell Media Relations International +44 (0)207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: Contact form AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shell (SHEL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Greggs 8 minutes ago Greggs 46 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and