BETA Close X Shell plc has applied for the admission of 228,003,843 new ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of €0.07, to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market, expected on September 3, 2026. These new shares will be issued as part of the consideration for Shell's acquisition of ARC Resources Ltd. and will rank equally with existing ordinary shares upon issuance, potentially impacting the company's share structure and market capitalization. Disclaimer* Admission to Trading APPLICATION FOR ADMISSION OF NEW SHELL SHARES September 1, 2026 Shell plc (the “Company”) announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for 228,003,843 new ordinary shares of €0.07 each in the capital of the Company (the “New Shell Shares”) to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. The New Shell Shares will, upon issue, rank equally with all other ordinary shares of the Company that are in issue. The New Shell Shares will be issued by the Company as part of the consideration for the Company’s acquisition of ARC Resources Ltd. The admission date for the New Shell Shares is expected to be 3 September 2026. Enquiries Shell Media Relations International +44 (0)207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: Contact form AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shell (SHEL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Greatland Gold 1 hour ago Audioboom Group 14 hours ago Legal & General Group 16 hours ago Senior 16 hours ago Helios Underwriting All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and