BETA Close X Shell plc has announced that as of May 29, 2026, its total voting rights consist of 5,586,155,889 ordinary shares, with no shares held in treasury. This figure, which includes shares purchased under the company's buy-back program but not yet cancelled, will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Voting Rights and Capital Total Voting Rights In conformity with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, we hereby notify the market of the following: Shell plc's capital as at May 29, 2026, consists of 5,586,155,889 ordinary shares of €0.07 each. Shell plc holds no shares in Treasury. The figure, 5,586,155,889, may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Shell plc under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Note: This announcement is made pursuant to Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1 and as such, the above figure includes shares purchased by Shell plc as part of its share buy-back programme but not yet cancelled. Enquiries Shell Media Relations International +44 (0)207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: Contact form AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shell (SHEL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Greggs 8 minutes ago Greggs 46 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and