BETA Close X Shell plc has announced that PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) will be appointed as its new external auditor, effective for the financial year ending December 31, 2027, subject to shareholder approval at the 2027 Annual General Meeting. This decision follows a competitive audit tender process initiated in Q4 2025. EY will continue as the external auditor for the financial year ending December 31, 2026, also pending shareholder approval at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. EY has issued unqualified reports for Shell's consolidated financial statements and internal controls over the past two years, with no disagreements on accounting matters or audit findings. Disclaimer* Shell plc - Outcome of audit tender process Shell plc Outcome of audit tender process February 6, 2026 Shell plc (the Company) announces that, following the conclusion of a competitive audit tender process initiated at the beginning of Q4 2025 and led by the Audit and Risk Committee, the Board has approved the proposed appointment of Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP ("PwC") as its external auditor to take effect from, and including, the financial year ending December 31, 2027. The appointment is subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s 2027 Annual General Meeting. EY will continue in its role as external auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2026, subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s 2026 Annual General Meeting. Notes to editors During the past two years, only unqualified reports on the Company’s consolidated financial statements or effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting were issued by EY and there were no disagreements with EY related to accounting matters, financial statement disclosure, or their audit. The audit tender participants were informed of the tender outcome on February 5, 2026. Further details of the audit tender process will be provided in the Company's 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F. Enquiries Shell Media Relations International, UK, European Press: +44 (0)20 7934 5550 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shell (SHEL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Greggs 8 minutes ago Greggs 45 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and