BETA Close X Shell plc has announced changes to its Board Committee structure, with Ann Godbehere stepping down as Chair and member of the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) after more than eight years of service, including seven as Chair. Effective August 1, 2026, Holly Keller Koeppel, a Non-executive Director and current ARC member, will assume the role of Chair of the ARC. Disclaimer* Directorate change SHELL PLC BOARD COMMITTEE CHANGES July 30, 2026 Audit and Risk Committee Changes Shell plc (the "Company") announces that, having served for more than eight years as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC"), including seven years as its Chair, Ann Godbehere will step down as Chair and a member of the ARC with effect from August 1, 2026. Holly Keller Koeppel, a Non-executive Director of the Company and a member of the ARC, has been appointed as Chair of the ARC with effect from August 1, 2026. This notification is made in accordance with UKLR 6.4.6R. Enquiries Shell Media Relations International, UK Press: +44 (0)20 7934 5550 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shell (SHEL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Greggs 8 minutes ago Greggs 46 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and