*AEZOBE82*

[muir

MI

‘S$ HOUSE
N\

Shell plc
Annual Report and Accounts
For the year ended December 31, 2025

Contents

Introduction Governance Sustainability Statements
ii Terms and abbreviations 141 __ Introduction from the Chair 336 General
43 The Board of Shell ple 336 General disclosures (ESRS 2}
Strategic Report 149 Executive Committee 357 Environment
2 Chair's message 151 Governance framework 357 Climate change
4 __ Chief Executive Officer's review 153 Board activities 370 EU Taxonomy
6 Shell's strategy 156 Understanding and engaging with 377 _ Pollution
6 This is Shell our stakeholders 381 Water and marine resources
9 Our strategy 158 Workforce engagement 383 Biodiversity and ecosystems
2 How we create value 160 _ Board Performance Review 390 Resource use and circular
4 Progress against our 161 Statement of compliance with the economy
longerterm torgets UK Corporate Governance Code_ 395 Social
16 Performance in the year 162 Nomination and Succession 395 Own workforce
16 ___ Performance indicators Committee ZOO Workers in the value ch
18 More value 165 _Sustoinability Committee 405 Alfected commu
19 Grovpresults.—~—~”~S~*«*SS7_Audit nd Rsk Committee Report 477 — Governance
2 Liquidity and coptal ~—~S*~*«SSCirectors n Report @N Bosiness condut
resources 183 Annual Report on Remuneration 413 Toxondther payments.
25 Market overview 200 Directors' Remuneration Policy to governments
28 Integrated Gos 207 Other regulatory and statutory 45 Sofety
35 Upstream information 420 Supplementary dota
44 Oil and gas inform 424 Independent Auditor's report

Financial Statements and

52 Supplements gated to the Sustainability
57 Chemicols ond Products itatements
57__ Chemicals and Products_— 316 Independent Auditor's Report
64 Renewables and Energy related to the Consolidated and Additional Information OS™
Solutions Porent Company Financial not snrormation
69 Corporate Statements 427 Shareholder information
70 innovation and Technology 229 Consolidated Financial Statements 430 Non-GAAP measures
72 Less emissions 307 Supplementary information - oil qo ee
53. Shellondtheeneray id gas (unaudited) 36 Appen ignificant subsidiaries
73 Shell ond the energy one’ 9
tronsition 326 Parent Company Financial ane eee undertakings
7 Our climate-related metrics, Stotements ‘About this Repod
torgets and ambition Vii Finoncioleolendor
101 Other regulatory disclosures een eee
103 Ourfoundations
104 Our approach to
sustainability
m Safety
4 Our people
8 ‘Our contribution to society
120 Environment
123 living by our values
125 _ Risk management ond ri

136 Principal decisions & stakeholders
{Section 172(1) statement)

Terms and abbreviations

Currencies EBITDA Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization
$ US dollar ec Executive Committee
€ euro EMTN Euro mediumterm note
£ sterling EPS ‘eomnings per share
ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Units of measurement es24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024
ocre opproximately 0.004 square kilometres wv Electric vehicle
bi/d) barrels (per doy) Fri Fotality ond Permanent Impairments
bel borrel FGF Tree cash flow
*/a) Creede slog ving ofcorel 5800“ FD__ealnesinet dan
per barrel GAAP generally accepted accounting principles
a sigojoule GHG ‘greenhouse gos
Gw ‘gigowatt HSSE health, safety, security and environment
kboe[/d) thousand barrels of oil equivalent (per doy]; notural gos IAS International Accounting Stondords
volumes are converted into oil equivalent using o factor iA International Energy Agency
of 5,800 scf per borrel iFRS International Financial Reporting Stondard(s)
‘wh Kilowatthours 1OGP Intemational Associotion of Oil & Gos Producers
b/d milion borrels per doy —_ iPcC Tnie;governmental Panel on Climate Change
mmegojoule_o unit of eneray eqvel to one millon joules Ipieco International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
MMBtu million British thermal units teanation
mtpo rmllion tonnes per annum issB International Sustainability Standords Board
MW megowatt KPL Key performance indicator
MWh megowatthours LGBT+ Lesbion, gay, bisexual ond transgender
Nm3 normal cubic metre fu Long-term Incentive Plan’
perday volumes are converted into a doily bosis using @ calendar year ge NotureBosed Solutions
sfi/) stondord cubic feet (per doy) NEI ret carbon intensity
terowotthours NGO Non-governmental organisation
NOMCO___ Nomination and Succession Committee
Products NOV Non-operated venture
ot gostoliquids NZE Net zero emissions
ING liquefied notural gas OECD ‘Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
UG liquefied petroleum gos OMt oil mining lease
NGL natural gos liquids OP25 Operating Plan 2025
‘OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
Miscellaneous OPEC+ 12 members of the OPEC and 11 other non OPEC members
Act UK Companies Act 2006 ‘OPL oil prospecting licence
Abs American Depository Share PSC productionsharing contract
AGM ‘Annual General Meeting PSP Performance Shore Plan
APL ‘American Petroleum Institute RED Research ond development
APM Alternotive performance measure REMCO __Remdneration Committee
ARC Audit ond Risk Committee ING Renewable natural gos
CAGR compound annual growth rate iT Teal terme
ces carbon capture and storage ‘SEAM Sofely, Environment ond Asset Monogement
ECS earnings earings on o current cost of supplies basis xe US Securities and Exchange Commission
CFO cash flow from operating activities SGBP Shell General Business Principles
cso Chief Information Security Officer SAT Shell Internal Audit ond Investigations
rr) Copital Markets Day 3 sociol performance
MF corbon management fromework SUSCO Sustainability Committee
COy carbon dioxide TcrO Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
COxe carbon dioxide equivalent isk total shoreholder return
CRC Corbon Reporting Committee WACC __ weighted overage cost of copital
SRD. Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive Indicates informotion that supports TCFD disclosure
Desi Diversity, equity, and inclusion

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chair's message
Chief Executive Officers review
Shell's strategy

This is Shell

Our strategy

How we create value

Progress against our
longer-term targets
Performance in the year
Performance indicators
More value
Group results
Liquidity and copital resources
Market overview

Integrated Gas
Upstream

Oil and gos information
Marketing

Chemicals and Products

Renewables and Energy
Solutions

Corporate

Innovation and Technology
Less Emissions

Shell and the energy transition

Our climate-elated metrics,
torgets and ambition

Other regulatory disclosures

103
104
m
4
8
120
123

Our Foundations
Our approach to sustainability
Safety
Our people
Our contribution to society
Environment

living by our values

125. Risk management and risk factors

136 Principal decisions & stakeholders

(Section 172(1} statement)

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Strategic Report

Shell provides energy, directly or indirectly, to around

a billion people every year. That number speaks not only
to our reach, but also our role in connecting people with
the energy they need.

As Chief Executive Officer, Wael Sawan hos continued to embed a
focus on performance, discipline and simplification across Shell. This
has translated into stronger operational performance, greater discipline
in capital allocation, and more clarity about where we create value.

This approach hos supported attractive shareholder returns: in the three
years to the end of 2025, we have outperformed our peers in terms of
total shareholder return [A]. In 2025, we distributed 52% of cash flow
from operations to shareholders through our dividends and share
buybacks, as we continue to grow value per share

Today, Shell continues to become more competitive and resilient — and
better positioned to create value and help provide the energy people
need in o world that has become more fragmented and complex.

Our changing world

Arenewed focus on energy security has brought with it a broader
recognition that oil and gas will still represent a significant part of
the global energy system for decades to come. At Shell, we continue
to invest in helping to provide secure supplies of energy with projects
like Orca in Brazil, formerly called Gato do Mato, and our multiple
production hubs in the Gulf of America,

[A] See poge 188 in the “Annual Report on Remuneration for more information

2 Shell Annuol Report and Accounts 2025

Our task is to manage oil and gas production responsibly and
competitively, with a focus on reducing the emissions from our
operations. We also believe that gas, including LNG, can play a vital
role through the energy transition — as a flexible and reliable lower-
carbon alternative to coal in power generation and industry, as a
solution for heavy-duty transport and shipping, and as o complement
to renewables, helping balance grids as wind and solar scale.

June 2025 saw the first cargo from the new LNG Canada facility.

It was o proud moment for Shell and our partners, not only because
of its significant technical achievements, but because it was designed
to be among the lowest carbon intensity LNG facilities in the world —
with many cargoes going to meet growing energy demand in Asia.

Atthe some time, climate change remains o real challenge. We have
a target to become a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050,
and we ore committed to playing our part in helping to decarbonisé
the global energy system.

low-carbon energy options are advancing on multiple tracks.
Technologies such os wind and solar are now well established, while
‘others — including biofuels like sustainable aviation fuel, renewable
hydrogen ond carbon capture and storage (CCS} — will be best able to
scale if policy frameworks develop, markets evolve and demand builds.

Even as the energy mix changes, overall demand continues to grow.
Moving from a global energy system built on coal, oil and gas to one
that is increasingly electrified means redesigning the infrastructure thot
underpins modern life. We must change how we power industry, heat
homes, move people and goods, build cities and balance grids.

Despite these challenging objectives, there is progress to point to.

In October, | visited China where | saw the pace of electrification for
myself. | met Shell colleagues and partners engaged in that effort, scaling
up electric vehicle infrastructure and working alongside many of Chino's
leading industrial players.

Taken together, these developments illustrate an energy transition that
is under way, but far from uniform. Countries are advancing from very
different starting points, shoped by their resources, infrastructure ond
energy needs. Even os energy systems change, global economic growth
depends on supply thot is available, reliable and delivered at scale.

Our role in the energy transition
In this context, Shell's Board has a clear fiduciary responsibility to
promote the long-term success of the company, including through
competitive returns to our shareholders. For Shell, fulfilling that
responsibility means pursuing investments that help us outperform
the competition and increase returns — all within the reality that there
is only a finite pool of money investors are willing to commit to the
energy system.

Strategic Report | Chair's message continued

As a result, Shell maintains flexibility across emerging technologies so
that if conditions strengthen and markets mature, we ore well positioned
to compete. We focus on where we can make a difference at scale,
where we hove competitive advantage, and where we can deliver value
for our shareholders. It was through this lens that we took the decision in
September 2025 not to restart construction of our planned biofuels plant
in Rotterdam.

We have also seen what is possible when the right conditions come
together. In August 2025, we marked the first injection of CO, at the
Northern Lights project in Norway — Europe's flagship cross-border
carbon transport and storage development and o milestone many years
in the moking, It shows what can be achieved when governments provide
stable policy frameworks, industry brings worldclass engineering and
investment, and customer demand is aligned.

At our Capital Markets Day 2023, we said we would invest $10-15
billion in low-carbon energy solutions between 2023 and 2025, which
we have delivered on. in 2025, we also spent almost $500 million

‘on research and development projects that aim to contribute to
decarbonisotion, representing about 41% of our total research

and development expenditure.

Shell began life as a trading company more than a century ago. Visiting
Trading and Supply colleagues in Rotterdam in December, it was great
to see how we are using that capability to deliver biofuels and power,
«as well as oil and gas. Trading is not simply one activity within Shell;

it sits ot the heart of our integrated model.

Our culture

That ability to operate as a truly integrated global organisation is one
of Shell's defining strengths today — and will matter even more in the
years ahead. But integration ultimately depends on people, and as |
visited colleagues around the globe in 2025 — from our Board offsite
in Australia to meeting colleagues in China and the Netherlonds —

| saw the operational excellence of our people in action.

Being @ global business — with « workforce that spans continents —
makes us naturally diverse. We remain committed to being a place
where everyone feels valued and respected, wherever they ore.
Employee engagement has remained steady — a reflection of both the
scale of change and the resilience of our people — and we recognise
there is more to do to strengthen connection, build trust, and ensure
our colleagues feel part of Shell's ongoing transformation through
2026 and beyond

Our confidence

In 2026, we expect energy demand to keep growing, the pace of the
transition to remain uncertain — and signals from governments, markets
and customers may not always align. But | am confident in Shell's ability
to thrive because of the steps our people have taken to embed
performance, discipline and simplification. These principles have

made our organisation more competitive and resilient.

Shell enters 2026 as a leaner, stronger and more confident organisation.
That confidence does not come from assuming the world will become
easier, It comes from the culture our people bring to life every day and
the foundations that position Shell to navigate the years chead and
deliver more value with less emissions in a changing energy system.

Sir Andrew Mackenzie
Chair

1, Boord ond Executive Committee visit, Australio, 2025.

2. UNG tonker, Canada, 2025.
3. Mars platform with Olympus in the distonce, Gulf af America, 2025.

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 3

Strategic Report

Chief Executive
Officer's review

2025 at a glance

21 =| 62 .
Fatality and permanent Tier | and Tler 2

impairment frequency process sofety incidents

(FPI- in Shelloperated (2024: 89) (0)

ventures (2024: 1.7] [A]

$18.1 billion $18.5 billion
Income for the period Adjusted Earnings *
(2024: $16.5) (2024: $23.7)
$42.9 billion ® | $26.1 billion

Free cash How*
(2024: $39.5)

Cash flow from operating
activities (2024: $54.7)

$18.9 billion $20.9 billion

Capital expenditure Cash capital expenditure*
(2024: $19.6) (2024; $21.1)

$13.9 billion © | $8.5 billion .
Share buyback programme Dividends paid

(2024; $13.9) (2024; $8.7)

53 million tonnes © | 71 gco,e/M3 °
Scope | and 2 emissions CO,e | Net carbon intensity (NCI)
(2024; 58) (2024; 71)

@ Pertormonce ogoinst ovr longerterm torgets. See poges 1415.
I Key performance indicators. See poges 1617.

[A] FPLE for 2024 has been revised from 1.5 to 1,7. See safety pertormance on page 113
[8] Tier | ond Tier 2 process safety incidents for 2024 hos been revised from 90 to 89.
See safety performance on page 113.

4 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025

We are in a world defined by more uncertainty - from
increasingly fragmented geopolitics, to the rapid rise of
artificial intelligence and the pressures of climate change.
Energy sits at the heart of this changing world, highlighting
the critical role of our sector.

As | write this message, amid the turmoil of the conflict in the Middle
East, we feel that critical role more than ever. We are focusing first and
foremost on the safety and well-being of our colleagues. | would like to
thank all our staff fur their professionalism, commitment and the care
they continue to show for each other.

Shell hos an important role to ploy in the evolving energy system. We
provide the oil and gas people need today, including liquefied natural
gas (LNG}. We are also helping to build the energy system of the future,
with low-carbon energy products and solutions.

We are transforming into a more competitive and resilient business so
that we are in the best possible position to support the around a billion
people we serve, directly or indirectly, every year. We are building trust
In Shell us the investment ease and partnor of choice in a comple and
changing world,

At the heart of Shell's transtormation is our focus on performance,
discipline ond simpliliculiun. We ore embedding thic focuc ucts uur
organisation, from the way we make Investment Uecisiuns to how we
reshape our retall network und mvintuins our oil and gas platforme,
Improving rellubilily und production.

More value with less emissions

Tam proud of how far we have come with our strategy to deliver more
value with less emissions, and yruteful fur the commitment ond hard work,
cof everyone at Shell through a time of considerable change. We set out
to build o strong track record of performance, and we have done just that.

In '2U25, we delivered on the fInuwclul turyels Uhut we set out at eur
Capital Markets Day 2023 and, as o result, we set more ambitious
financial targets ot our Capital Markets Day 2025. We reached

$5.1 billion in structural cost reductions * by the end of 2025, compared
with 2022, three years ahead of our target, with more to come.

We are on track to achieve our target to grow normalised free cash
flow per share* by more than 10% per year [C] through to 2030,
underpinned by the growth we expect from our Integrated Gas and
UNG, Upstream and Marketing businesses, as well as the steps we
‘are taking to turn around underperforming copital investment.

We saw that growth reflected in uur 2025 performance. Our NG sales
increased by 11%, with c record number of ING cargoes, supporting
our aim of a 4-5% increase per year to 2030 [C]. Our Mobility and
Lubricants businesses also produced their bestever results, omid rising
demand for premium products,

Strategic Report | Chief Executive Officer's review continued

At the same time, we continued to invest in the long-term strength of
our Upstream portfolio. We increased our interests across our leading
deep-water portfolio in the Gulf of America, Brazil and Nigerio, ond
invested in oil and gas exploration to expand our core positions and
secure potential new opportunities.

In 2025, we delivered shareholder distributions ot the top end of our
target of 40-50% of cash flow from operations* through the cycle [D].
We ended the year with one of the strongest balance sheets in our
industry, putting us in a good position for counter-cyclical opportunities.

We ore making solid progress towards our climaterelated targets and
ombition. By the end of 2025, we had achieved around 70% of our target
to halve our Scope | and 2 operational emissions by 2030, compared
with 2016. At the same time, we reduced the net carbon intensity of the
energy products we sell by 9%, compared with 2016, moving towards our
target of a 15-20% reduction by 2030. By the end of 2025, we had also
reduced emissions from the use of our oil products by 18% compared with
2021, as we progress towards our ambition of a 15-20% reduction by
2030. In a significant milestone for 2025, we achieved our target to
eliminate routine flaring from our upstream-operated assets.

While we have delivered in mony areas, there is still more to do. Our
starting point must be safety. It must remain our number one priority.

In 2025, four colleagues tragically lost their lives in our operated
businesses. | feel that deeply, not just as a CEO but also as a colleague.
We owe it to them — and to everyone who works for us — to learn from
these incidents, and prevent such tragedies from ever happening again.

Integrated energy company

As we look to the future, we are making real progress on our strategy

to deliver more value with less emissions, putting us in a good position to
achieve our vision [E] to be the world's leading integrated energy company.

Firstly, we took important steps to grow our integrated gas and LNG.
business. Gas, especially in the form of LNG, is a stabilising force in the
energy system, providing flexibility, reliability ond security of supply. It
is also a lower-carbon alternative to coal for industry and power, and
to diesel and fuel oil for heavy-duty transport and shipping. That is why
we believe that supplying LNG will be the biggest contribution we will
make to the energy transition over the next decade.

In June, the first cargoes left our LNG Canada joint venture, crossing
the Pacific Ocean to meet fast,growing demand from customers in
Asia In 2025, we also completed the acquisition of Pavilion Energy
in Singapore, strengthening our LNG trading portfolio.

Secondly, we continued to focus on keeping liquids production stable, as
oil will be essential for the energy system for decades to come. We plan
to deliver new projects with more than | million barrels of oil equivalent o
day by 2030, and we have already added a quarter of that production
to our portfolio.

In 2025, we achieved our highest-ever quarterly production in Brazil,
‘ond our highest quarterly production since 2005 in the Gulf of America.
We reached these record levels through the successful startup of new
projects such as Whale in the Gulf of America, which reached nameplate
capacity in less than half the expected time.

We increased our stake in the Ursa platform in the Gulf of America,
unlocking more value from another asset that achieved a strong
operational performance in 2025. And in May, production started at
the Mero-4 floating production, storage and offloading facility, around
180 kilometres off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, further strengthening

cour cost- and carbon-competitive deep-water portfolio.

‘cl Qn.e compound annual growth ate CAG) bel,
red across business cycles under varying economic and market conditions
n statement defines the desired future stote of o company rather than a series of

We took an important step in the repositioning of our Upstream portfolio
with the divestment of The Shell Petroleum Development Company of

ria Limited (SPDC) in March 2025. In the UK, we also started a new
chapter with our Adura joint venture, one of the largest independent oil
and gos producers in the UK North Sea.

Thirdly, we continued to transform our Downstream, Renewables and
Energy Solutions businesses. In our Marketing business, we achieved
strong results os we continued to reshape our portfolio with the closure
cor sale of around 800 lower-performing branded retail sites.

Our disciplined approach to capital allocation meant some tough
choices. In 2025, we completed the divestment of our Energy ond
‘Chemicals Pork in Singapore, and stopped construction of our Rotterdam
biofuels plant in the Netherlands because it would not have been
competitive enough to meet our customers! needs for affordable, low-
carbon products. In power, we withdrew from projects like the Atlantic
Shores Offshore Wind project in the USA to focus on energy storage,
flexible generation and trading.

Our focused approach puts us in a better position to serve our customers,
The Northern Lights joint venture, for exomple, has already transported
CO, from its first industrial customers and injected it beneath the
Norwegian Sea. Northern Lights is now moving forward with phase

two, which will more than double its storage capacity, In the
Netherlands, construction of Holland Hydrogen |, one of Europe's largest
renewable hydrogen plants, is progressing well.

We will continue to look for opportunities where we can create value
for our shareholders. Today we have around $20 billion of our capital
employed* across lower-carbon platforms, including power (both gas-
fired and from renewable energy), low-carbon fuels, hydrogen, and
carbon capture and storage [F]. We will develop them as government
policies and customer demand help create attractive business models,

We believe governments need to provide the predictability and stal
that companies like Shell need for long-term investments. We saw
some examples of this in 2025, with the German government's move
to implement the European Union's Renewable Energy Directive.
This requires increases in the share of renewable energy within the
electricity, heating, cooling, transport and industrial sectors.

Unlocking potential

To achieve our vision, we must unlock the full potential of all our
businesses, supported by our world-class trading and optimisation
capabilities. | saw thot potential for myself when | visited with ING
Canada stoff in September. It is impressive how different parts of Shell
work together — producing the gas, turning it into LNG and shipping the
LNG to our customers. | sat with our traders as they worked side by side
with production operators to unlock even more value.

I remain extremely grateful to all our staff who are transforming our
great organisation into the best version that we can be. Their hard
work and determination have made Shell much stronger. | am proud
of our commitment to simplify, enable faster decisions and deliver the
full value of being an integrated business.

That is why | om confident saying that customers can trust that Shell will
deliver for them, that investors can trust that we will give them attractive
returns, and that partners can trust that we will be there when they need
us. In short, 'you can be sure of Shell’

Wael Sawan
Chief Executive Officer

[F]_Goxis ¢ lowercarbon cltemative to coal in power gt
* NonGAAP measure. See poge 430.

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 5

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy

This is Shell

Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical
companies, employing around 85,000 people [A]
across more than 70 countries. Our activities include oil
and gas exploration and production, and the marketing
of fuels, lubricants and chemical products. We also offer
low-carbon energy products and solutions.

For more than a century, Shell has been at the heart of the global
energy system, fuelling people's homes, industries and transport from
cars to planes and ships. Shell provides energy, directly or indirectly,
to around a billion people every year

Our purpose is to power progress together by working with each other,
‘our customers and our partners to provide the energy products people
need to power their lives and businesses. Our vision [B] is to become
the world's leading integrated energy company - delivering impact

at scale, connecting energy and people, matching supply to demand.

With global demand for energy increasing, coupled with the challenge
of climate change, we will continue to focus on our strategy to deliver
more value with less emissions. We are positioning Shell to become

a leaner, more competitive organisation to succeed through a multi-
decade energy transition.

As the energy system evolves, at different paces in different places,
we will continue to earn trust in Shell by providing stability through
‘an uncertain and complex energy transition.

We seek to build strong, trusted relationships with all our stakeholders.
Our stakeholders include: our employees, contractors and pensioners;
the investor community; customers, comprising commercial and
industrial customers, as well as the millions we serve daily at our retail
sites; our suppliers and strategic partners; regulators and governments;
non-governmental organisations, civil society, academia and think
tanks; and the communities where we work.

Partner of choice

We will leverage our global footprint, trust in our brand, trading and
technology capabilities, and our assets and infrastructure to be the
energy company that customers and countries choose to be their
partner of choice.

Our clear financial targets and climate-related targets and ambition,
and our principles of performance, discipline ond simplification,

will help enable us to realise our vision. The quality of our people
ond our performance culture ensure we have the right skills, mindset
ond behaviours. The extraordinary community of talent that

powers Shell will approach the next decade of the energy
transition with determination.

‘6 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025

The Shell Performance Framework (SPF) sets out how we operate
across the company. It brings together key components - such as
context, direction, culture, structure, people, processes and continuous
improvement - to help ensure that the organisation is aligned behind
a consistent way of working.

Our performance culture

People are key to our success and we expect everyone who
works for Shell to behave according to our core values: honesty,
integrity and respect for people. We are transforming Shell to
be a more competitive business as we focus on performance,
discipline and simplification across our organisation

We are building o culture that we believe will help us succeed
as we novigate the energy transition.

We encourage four attitudes and behaviours from
our people

We deliver results: we deeply understand our
businesses, simplifying and improving every day.
We are disciplined in working towards meeting
‘our promises even when the unexpected happens.

We learn and adapt: we navigate uncertainty
and adapt in a rapidly changing world. We value
and grow our expertise. We learn from setbacks to
accelerate progress,

We are one team: we listen to different views to make
better doto-based decisions. We work together with our
customers, communities and countries to consistently
deliver on our promises.

We care: we care about each other, our work, our
values, ethics and diversity, equity and inclusion. This
builds trust ond is key to our performance as we grow
to be our best and deliver commercial outcomes.

The Board assesses and monitors our culture and how it is
embedded in our ottitudes and behaviours, including in our
coctivities and stakeholder relationships. See "Board activities"
on page 153 ond "Culture" on page 137.

[A] At December 31, 2025, and including portfolio companies.
[B] Avision stotement defines the desired future state of « company rather than o series
of frm, binding commitments

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued

Strong foundations

We will work according to our core values of honesty, integrity, and
respect for people. We care about each other, our work, and about
doing business the right way - with o focus on safety, people and
sustainability. We ore committed to doing business in an ethical

and transparent woy. .

The nature of our operations exposes us to a wide range of safety risks.
As we implement our strategy, we will continue to focus on achieving
our Goal Zero ambition: to do no harm to people and to have no leaks
across operations. This goal lies at the very heart of our plans and our
activities, and we work to ensure our people are prepared to respond
if something goes wrong.

The Shell Code of Conduct explains how employees, contractors
and anyone else acting on beholf of Shell must behave, and the
Shell General Business Principles (SGBP) set out our responsi
to all our stokeholders.

{
_What sets us apart

are sain ge paeiaks

We believe that no business can succeed without an unwavering
commitment to respecting nature and the communities within which

it works. For almost three decades, our commitment to contribute to
sustainable development has been part of the SGBP. This requires
belancing short- and long-term interests, and integrating economic,
environmental and social considerations into business decision-making.

We seek to manage our impact on people, while working to protect
nature, increase reuse and recycling, support biodiversity and use
resources efficiently. We also strive to make a positive impact on
people around the world, and this includes providing the energy
people need, contributing to local economies and communities,
championing inclusion and respecting human rights.

Our promise that you con be sure of Shell is based on continuity in
character and values, and commitment to the people we work with,
to the customers we serve and to the investors for whom we are
working to deliver more value with less emissions.

>. aa nether een iy

Sr

Deep-water expertise

We have almost five decades of deep-water expertise and continue to develop innovative designs for
oil ond gas assets, replicating successful projects to deliver more value with less emissions. Our deep-
water business hos a track record of sustained cash flow.

a ne ee ee

LNG capability

to capitalise on price volatility.

NES i. Son _—

[etegrted gas and We are the world's leading publicly listed supplier of LNG with a worldwide network of customers,
extensive shipping and storage assets, and access to regasification plants. Our Integrated Gas

portfolio is the largest among peers, servicing nearly a fifth of global LNG demand. Our diversified

and global portfolio of plants and terminals enhances our resilience to market shocks and allows us

Brand leader in
mol

ity and lubricants customer-centric network. By priorit

\nmmnnanaannnmn “
=

—

Technology and

innovation

| ers ae tree cere ——- :
= oS

Shell is the world’s number one finished lubricants supplier and a leader in mobility with a first-class

lubricants, we deliver stronger returns today and stay relevant as customer needs evolve.

Shell has a long history in technology and innovation. We hove a global network of research and
development centres and work closely with our customers, suppliers and portners. We also collaborate
with leading technology companies to deploy digital solutions at scale across our businesses.

a eS ee ;

jing value over volume and focusing on premium fuels and

rat ey

Integrated business

Shell produces energy and is also one of the world's largest and most experienced energy traders and
suppliers. We can identify and meet a customer's needs quickly. Our value chains are enhanced by our
logistics infrastructure, purchases from third parties and a leading global position in energy markets.

model - trading and

. Shell Annucl Report and Accounts 2025 7

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued

Our businesses

Reporting segments

Integrated Gas

Upstream

Integrated Gas includes natural gas and liquids exploration and extraction.

The gas is then processed to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG) or converted into
gostoliquids (GTL) fuels and other products. The business includes the operation
of both upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver natural gas
ond its derivatives to market. Integrated Gas also includes the marketing, trading
and optimisation of LNG.

See pages 28-34 for a review of our performance.

Upstream explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids.
The segment also includes marketing and transportation of oil, gas and liquids,
supported by the infrastructure required to deliver them to market or to process them
within Shell's chemicals manufacturing plants and refineries. Upstream activities
span deep-water and conventional oil and gas operations.

See pages 35-43 for a review of our performance.

Downstream, Renewables and
Energy Solutions

Marketing includes Mobility, Lubricunts, and Sectors and Uecarbonisation.
Mobility operates our retall network, including electric vehicle charging,
convenience retail, and the Wholesale Commerciol Fuels business for transport and
industry. Lubricants produces, markets and sells products for road transport and
machinery in manufacturing, mining, power generation, agriculture and construction.
Sectors and Decarbonisation supplies fuels, speciality products and services,
including lowcarbon energy solutions such os biofuels, to a broad range of
commercial customers, including in the aviation, marine and agriculture sectors.

See pages 52-56 for o review of our performance.

Chemicals and Products includes chemicals manufacturing plants with their
uwn iiuikeling network, and refinorios which turn crude nil and ather feedstacks
into a range ot oil products which are moved and marketed around lhe world
for domestic, industrial and transpart use. Ihe seyment also ineludes the pipeliue
business, trading and optimisation of crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals.

See pages 57-63 for a review of our performance.

Renewables and Energy Solutions encomposses renewable power generation,
marketing, trading, and optimisation of power and pipeline gas. It also includes
hydrogen production, commercial carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs and carbon
credits. The business invests in nature-based projects that compensate for carbon
emissions and Shell Ventures, which invests in or works with stortups and other early
stage businesses to help them scale up and grow.

See pages 64-68 for a review of our performance.

8 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy

Our strategy

Our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions. We will
continue to drive the transformation of Shell into o leaner and more
competitive organisation while delivering resilient returns and rewarding
cour shareholders. As we transform, we will maintain our focus on
performance, discipline and simplification. We will:

Grow our integrated gas and LNG business
Grow LNG sales 4-5% (CAGR) per year through to 2030 [A].
With our leadership position in LNG and the growing role of natural
gos in the global energy system, we are pursuing LNG sales growth.
Gas, including LNG, is a stabilising force in energy systems becouse it
is versatile, flexible and reliable. Gas is versatile because it can be used
in power generation, industry, heating and transport. Itis also flexible
and reliable because it is simple to deploy and con be shipped, as
LNG, to where it is needed to meet changing demand. Gas con
balance renewable energy to provide stability for national grids

Our globo! trading and supply network enhances the value of our gos
portfolio, enabling us to capture opportunities from market volatility
while providing secure energy to customers across the world

Keep liquids production stable

Sustain liquids production at 1.4 million barrels per day,

while growing total production by 1% through to 2030 [B].
The role of oil and gas will be critical to the energy system for decades
to come. We are focused on our leading deep-water and strong

conventional oil and gas businesses. We are committed to delivering
value over the long term from our advantaged portfolio of assets
and differentiated set of capabilities. These businesses are highly
complementary, as conventional ail can offer price resilience while
deep-water can provide price upside with its high-margin borrels.

We aim to sustain liquids production through to 2030 and will focus
‘on basins where we have a competitive advantage. We will prioritise
cost- and carbon-competitive molecules.

Transform Downstream, Renewables and Energy
Solutions

Drive cash flow resilience and higher returns through
disciplined capital allocation.

Shell operates a diverse portfolio. This portfolio includes Mobility,
Lubricants ond our highgraded Products portfolio which covers refined
products supported by our global trading and supply capabilities. We
‘are focused on enhancing value from these businesses which deliver
resilient cash flow.

We are repositioning Chemicals, power and existing low-carbon
options (including CCS, hydrogen and low-carbon fuels} to unlack
greater value. We will continue to focus on adjusting investments
ond business models based on evolving market demand.

Our strategy is to deliver
more value with less emissions

Grow our integrated gas and

LNG business © Sustain liquids production at
« Grow ING soles 4-5% per year 1.4 million barrels per day, while
through to 2030 [A] growing total production by 1%

Mnuuylh lu 200 [6].

1A] Ona compound annual growth rate (CAGR) bass
[6] Upsreom ond integrated Gos

Keep liquids production stable

Transform Duwusticu:

Renewubles und Cuci gy

Solutions

© Drive cash flow re:
roturns thivuyl«
allocation.

lence and higher

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 9