Shell ple
Annual Report and Accounts
For the year ended December 31, 2024

ii nnn

pei04r2028 #159
COMPANIES HOUSE

In anticipation of the Netherlands' transposition of
the EU-Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD) into national law, Shell has for the first time
in this report included a Sustainability Statements
section (pages 341-440), prepared on a voluntary
accordance with the CSRD and European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).

The Sustainability Statements section forms an
integral part of the management report. [A]

‘The CSRD requires certain European and non-European
companies (including Shell ple due to its listing on Euronext
Amsterdam) to make disclosures on environmental, social
and governance topics in accordance with the ESRS. We
have applied the structure proposed in the ESRS, adopted
“incorporation by reference" and sought to integrate the
disclosures in other sections of this report where appropriate

and permitted: Section headers in the Sustainability Statements

follow the structure of the ESRS. Terms and definitions used in
the text are defined by Shell unless explicitly stated otherwise.

[A] The consolidated manogement report, os referenced in the CSRO, includes the
strategic report and governance sections of the Annual Report and Accounts

Contents
Introduction 122 Sofety Sustainability Statements
iii Terms and abbreviations 125 living by our values 342 General
127 ___Our approach to sustainability 342 General disclosures (ESRS 2)
Strategic Report 134 Risk management and risk factors 364 Environment
2_ Chair's message 145 Principal decisions & stokeholders 364 Climate change
4 Chief Executive Officer's review (Section 172(1) statement) 377 EU Taxonomy
& _ Shell's strategy 391 Pollution
$ This is Shell Governance - 395 Water and morine resources
8 How we create value 130 _ Introduction from the Choir 397 __ Biodiversity and ecosystems
10 Ourstrategy 152_The Board of Shall ple 404 Resource use and circular
4 Progress against our longer- 157_Executive Committee economy
term business targets 159 _ Governance framework 409 Social
16 Outlook 161__ Board activities 409 Own workforce
18 Performance in the yeor 165 Understanding and engaging with 414__ Workers in the value chain
18 Performance indicators our stakeholders A9__ Affected communities
30 Generating shareholder value 167_ Workforce engagement 425 Governance
rT] Group results 169 _Board evaluation 425 Business conduct
ea = 170 Statement of compliance with the 307 Tavadathesnsumenhe

24 Liquidity and capital P

Hauielty ond copite UK Corporate Governance Code 427 one othe: Povmen's
Morkat overviow 171 Nomination and Succession 29 Sclety
31 Integrated Gos Committee 234_Suppl d
ss i 175 _ Sustainability Committee wpe oe oa ~
7 Sh ss nfemnalion 176 Audit and Risk Committee Report ree tone Sa stanebilty
= Movketing 188 _ Directors’ Remuneration Report Stotements
Bo Chemicalecnd hodude «WI Annual Report on Remuneration
os Tonowubles and tre 208 Directors! Remuneration Policy Additional Information

Solutions SY 216 Other regulatory ond statutory “442. Shareholder information
7 Corporate information 445 Non-GAAP measures

— iliations
74 Other central activities > secon
76 Ou joumey to net ven Financial Statements and 454 Appendix: Significant subsidiaries
Jur journey to net zero Supplements ond other related undertakings

77 Energy transition plans 225 Independent Auditor's Report (oudited)
93 Climaterelated metrics related 2 the Consolidated ond = About this Report

ond targets arent Sampany Financia! Vii Financial calendar
107 Other regulatory disclosures Stotements
109 Respecting nature 240 Consolidated Financial Statements
Wa Peet 313 Supplementary information - oil

-owering lives and gos (unaudited)

ns Qurpeople __ 333 Porent Company Financial
120 Contribution to society Statements

Terms and abbreviations

Currencies EMTN Euro medium-term note
$ US dollor EPS ‘earings per shore
€ euro EPSA ‘exploration and production shoring agreement
£ sterling EPTB Environmental Products Trading Business
ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Units of measurement es24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024
acre approximately 0.004 square kilometres wv Flecric vehicle
b/d) barrels (per doy] ia ee caihflow
bbl barra! AD final investment decision
ATS DONA ARAL toe De GAAP____ generally accepted accounting principles
per barrel GHG greenhouse gos
G) gigajoule HSSE health, safety, security and environment
ow gigowatt as International Accounting Stondards
kboe(/d) thousand barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas IEA International Energy Agency
Peco ore cone into oil equivalent using 0 factor IFRS International Financial Reporting Standord(s)
wa Fowothou 10GP International Association of Oil & Gos Producers
= pce Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
nb/d million borrels per day
rregojode a un of energy equalio owe willow Fouls ipieco Itemotionl Pteleum Industry Enviconmeial Conservation
sociation
MMBtu million British thermol units im information Risk Management
mtpo million tonnes per onnum 1sO International Organisation for Standardisation
MW megawatt IssB Intemational Sustainability Standards Boord
MWh megawatthours KPr Key performance indicator
Nm3 normal cubic metre iGaT+ lesbion, gay, bisexual ond transgender
per doy volumes are converted into 0 dolly basis using a colendor yeor Typ Tongierm Incentive Flon
sell/d) stondard cubic feet (per doy) NBS’ NotureBased Solutions
TWh terowatthours NCI net carbon intensity
NGO Nongovernmental orgonisotion
Products NOMCO __ Nomination and Succession Committee
gt gostoliquids NZE Net zero emissions
ING liquefied notural gas OECD ‘Organisation for Economie Cooperation ond Development
UG liquefied petroleum gos OFCE “orgonic free cosh flow
NGL natural gas liquids OGC_Cilond Gas Climate initiative
OML oil mining leose
Miscellaneous OPEC ‘Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
Act UK Companies Act 2006 OPEC+ __12 members of the OPEC ond 11 other non OPEC members
ADS “American Depository Shore on al prospecting Feence
AGM Anaual General Meeting Psc productionshoring contract
API American Petroleum Institute PSP Performance Shore Plan
APM Alternative performance meosure GRA ‘Quarterly Results Announcement
ARC Audit ond Risk Committee 7D Tescarch and development
ces carbon copture and storoge REMCO Remuneration Committee
CCS eamings earnings on o current cost of supplies basis RNG Renewable notural gos
GO cash flow from operating activities a “cdltome
aso Chief information Security Ofticer SEAM Sofety, Environment ond Asset Management
SMD Copital Markets Doy SEC US Securities and Exchange Commission
CMF carbon management fromework scar Shell Generol Business Principles
CO ecebon dlenida Sal Shell Internal Audit and Investigations
Ce carbon dioxide equivolent e <ocial pedormonce
<5 Carbon Reporting Committee SUSCO _ Sustainobility Committee
cat Commercial Road Transport Tc Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures
CSRD Corporate Sustoinobility Reporting Directive Tse {otal shareholder return
DEBI Diversity, equity, ond inclusion Wate Tied average cost ol con
EC Executive Committee wi West Texas Intermediate
Indicates information that supports TCFD disclosure

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic
Report

Chair's message

Chief Executive Officer's review

Shell's strategy
This is Shell
How we create value

Our strategy

Progress against our longer-term business targets
Outlook
Performance in the year

Parformance indicators
Generating sharehnldar value

Group results

Financial framework

Market overview

Integrated Gos

Upstream
Gil ond gos information

Marketing

Chemicals and Products

Renewables ond Energy Solutions

Corporate
Other central activities

(Our journey to net zero

Energy transition plans
Climate-related metrics and targets

Other regulatory disclosures

Respecting nature

Powering lives

‘Our people
Contribution to society
Safety
Living by our values

Our approach to sustainability

Risk Management and Risk factors

Principal decisions & stakeholders Sactinn 172(1)
statement

1 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

In 2024, we continued to do what Shell does best,
connecting energy and people.

{In total, we served around 33 million customers at ShelHbronded retail
sites every day, and around | million business customers across more
than 70 countries. We used the power of our people, brand, technology
‘and trading network to provide our customers with the oil and gos they
need today. At the same time, we increasingly helped them to make
low-carbon choices, from biofuels to charging for electric vehicles.

In this second yeor under our Chief Executive Officer, Wael Sowon,
Shell went from strength to strength. We improved Shell's operational
performance, and made good progress against the financial and
climate targets and ambition we set out at our Capital Markets Day
in 2023 and in our Energy Transition Strategy 2024.

We demonstrated that our strategy to deliver more value with less
emissions is producing strong results, and compelling shareholder
returns. By the beginning of 2025, we had announced $3 billion
‘or more in buybacks for 13 consecutive quarters.

New projects

Shell has pioneered ways to provide energy for more than a century.
As the energy system and energy mix keep evolving, we will continue
to provide the energy people need through the complex transition to
low-carbon energy.

We will help to keep the world moving with oil and gas, while
developing the low-carbon alternatives our customers need to
decarbonise. To that end, we have built on our leadership positions in

[A] Bosed on 0 veyeor averoge 2016~2020 for Brent Charlie emissions, ond the highest
‘expected emissions for Penguins.

2 Shell Annuol Report and Accounts 2024

liquefied notural gas (LNG) and deep-water oil ond gos production with
some important new projects. We announced a final investment decision
for Manatee, an undeveloped gos field in Trinidad and Tobago, which

will have o key role in providing gos to the country's Atlantic LNG facility

Our deepwater Whale platform in the Gulf of America started
production in January 2025. At its peak, we expect that Whale will
produce around 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, enough to fuel
the doily journeys of 2.7 million cars in the LISA. It will operate with 30%
lower carbon intensity over its life cycle than Vito, another US deep-water
platform. In February 2025, our next-generation Penguins facility started
production in the North Sea. It will produce mostly oil but also enough
gos to heat around 700,000 UK homes a year, with around 30% lower
‘operational emissions than its predecessor, Brent Charlie [A]

Less emissions

We kept our focus on reducing emissions os we worked to become o
net-zero emissions energy business by 2050. In 2024, we achieved our
short-term target to reduce the net carbon intensity of the products we
sell, compared with 2016. We achieved this mainly by reducing sales
of oil products and growing power sales.

By the end of 2024, we had achieved 60% of our target to halve
Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our operations by 2030, compared
with 2016 levels.

We continued to transform our business. In January 2024, we
announced the decision to stop processing crude oil into petrol, jet
fuel ond diesel at the Wesseling site of our Energy ond Chemicals Park
Rheinland, Germany, and to produce premium oils instead. In April
2024, we opened our biolNG liquefaction plant in Germany, which
can produce enough biolNG to fuel around 5,000 LNG trucks a yeor.

Technology and innovation

Innovation remains vital for a successful transition to low-carbon
energy. In 2024, we spent around $500 million on projects that
contributed to decarbonisation, clmost half of our total spending on
research and development. In December, | saw some of that work for
myself when | visited the Energy Transition Campus Amsterdam in the
Netherlands. | was especially excited to see how our research is
building on Shell's leadership in gas-toliquids (GTL) technology,
something we pioneered almost half a century ago.

Today, the Pearl GTL gas+toliquids plant in Qatar uses natural gas to
produce an alternative fuel to conventional diesel for transport, as well
8 oils and lubricants. We have also used GTL technology to develop
immersion cooling fluids for data centres. These fluids reduce costs,
energy consumption and emissions compared with conventional
cooling. This will be increasingly important as the growth in artificial
intelligence leads to greater use of energy-intensive data centres.

Now our scientists in Amsterdam are researching how to use that
same GIL technology to produce sustainable aviation fuel made
from renewable power and coptured carbon on a commercial scale.
In onother exciting development for the energy transition, they ore also

Strategic Report | Chair's message continued

looking at how to produce synthetic methane, made from renewable
hydrogen and captured corbon, to decarbonise the production of ING.

We are creating the business case for other pioneering solutions, such
as carbon capture and storage, which will be critical for the energy
transition. In 2024, we took a final investment decision for two projects
in Canada that will capture and store carbon from our Shell Energy
‘and Chemicals Park Scotford in Alberta. These build on the success

of our Quest CCS project in Canada which has captured more than

9 million tonnes of CO2 since 2015

The Northern Lights joint venture with Equinor and TotalEnergies in
Norway is developing the world's first project to offer commercial

carbon transport and storage os a service. The first CO, shipments
are expected in 2025.

Unique capabilities
Our strengths go way beyond production. Through our integrated
portfolio, we can buy and blend energy products to meet our customers’
needs. We can use our unique copobilties, including trading, to connect
energy to our customers through the energy transition.

For example, we became one of the world's largest traders ond
suppliers of sustainable aviation fuel in 2024. We achieved this
because of our long-term agreements with producers, the strength
of our customer relationships, and strategic investments in logistics
oround key terminals and airports

\n 2024, we continued to build an organisation with an outstanding
brand, as well as outstanding people, and trading, technology and
innovation capabilities. Today, we sell nearly three times the energy
products that we produce, meeting our customers' demand for oil
‘ond gas and low-carbon products through our integrated model.

Working together

We believe that the energy transition will be achieved by governments,
componies like Shell, and customers all working together. Governments
need to put in place effective policies to progress the energy transition,
cond energy producers need to help develop the solutions of the future.
The transition also requires demand from customers who are willing to
pay for low-carbon energy. We are playing our part. | am confident
that Shell can continue to bring its deep experience to help advance
the energy transition,

In 2024, we demonstrated that you can still be sure of Shell. As o
customer, you can be sure that Shell will provide you with the right
products and solutions today and through the energy transition. And
‘as an investor you can be sure that this is the right management team
with the right strategy, setting Shell up for success in the years to come.

Sir Andrew Mackenzie
Chair

3 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

1. The Whole deepwater platform storted production in January 2025,

2. the Northern lights joint venture in Norwoy is developing the world's frst project
to deliver commercial carbon transport and storage os 0 service.

3. The Penguins facility in the North Seo will produce enough gos to heat around
700,000 UK homes « yeer.

Strategic Report

Chief Executive
Officer's review

2024 at a glance

15 .
Serious injury, illness ond
fatality frequency (SIF-F) in
Sheltoperated ventures

(2023: 2.6)

90.0

Tier | ond Tier 2
process safety incidents
(2023: 63.0]

Capital expenditure
(2023: $23.0)

$16.5 billion $23.7 billion
Income for the period Adjusted Earnings*
(2023: $19.6) (2023: $28.3)
$54.7 billion © | $39.5 billion
Cash flow from operating Free cash flow*
activities (2023: $54.2) (2023: $36.5)
$19.6 billion $21.1 billion

Cash capital expenditure *
(2023: $24.4)

Scope | and 2 emissions CO,e
(2023: 57)

$13.9 billion © | $8.7 billion
Share buyback programme _| Dividends paid
(2023: $14.6) (2023: $8.4)

58 million tonnes © | 71 gcO,e/M)

Net carbon intensity (NCI)
(2023:72)

* Non-GAAP measure (see page 445}

XX

© Performonce ogeinst our longerterm torgets (see poges 14-15)
IH Key performance incicotors (see poges 1819)

4 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

In 2024, the world experienced continued geopolitical
volatility. The Russia-Ukraine war entered its third year
and conflict escalated in the Middle East, bringing
personal tragedy to many. It was a time of political
change, with elections in more than 60 countries.

Energy security and affordability rose higher on political agendas, even
as the shore of renewable energy grew. This come into shorp focus
during Europe's winter of 2024. Wind and solar power reached record
levels in the region, while liquefied natural gas (LNG} ployed o critical
role in keeping homes and businesses running when there was not
enough wind or sunlight.

With global demand for energy increasing, coupled with the challenge
of climate change, Shell continues to focus on its strategy to deliver
more value with less emissions. We believe the world needs to
maintain secure and affordable energy supplies while moving to
low-carbon energy.

In 2024, my second year as Chief Executive Officer, | om proud of

the progress we have made in putting our strategy into action. | want
to thonk everyone at Shell for their contribution. We ore growing
shoreholder returns, while working to reduce emissions from our
operations and products. We are positioning Shell to win through the
energy transition on our journey to become a net-zero emissions energy
business by 2050.

Integrated energy company

Our strategy aims to grow our world-leading LNG business, which
provides flexibility alongside renewable energy, ond a lower-carbon
alternative to coal. We expect that supplying LNG will be the biggest
contribution we will make to the energy transition over the next
decade, as we help to build the energy system of the future.

Building on our deep knowledge and strong partnerships, we are also
responsibly producing the oil that will be needed for decades to come,
with a focus on cost and carbon competitiveness, We intend to be the
most customer-focused energy marketer and trader in the world,
providing people with the energy they need to power their lives and
businesses. We are developing commercial models for low-carbon
solutions, such as biofuels. My vision is for Shell to become the world's
leading integrated energy company, delivering impact at scale,
connecting energy and people, matching supply to demand,

We hove set out to transform Shell into a more focused and more
competitive energy business, and | am pleased to say that in 2024,
we moved forward at pace in that direction, Following our principles
of performance, discipline and simplification, we have made good
progress against the targets and ambition we presented at our Capital
Markets Day in 2023 and in our Energy Transition Strategy 2024.

Strategic Report | Chief Executive Officer's review continued

More value

In 2024, we achieved our target to reduce structural costs* by $2-3
billion by the end of 2025, against 2022, one year ahead of time.
We continued to make disciplined investments, and difficult choices,
such as pausing construction of our biofuels plant in Rotterdam, the
Netherlands, to assess the most commercial way forward.

We are building a strong track record of performance. Shell reported
the second-highest cash flow from operations in our history in 2024,
outperforming our target for free cash flow growth. By the end of the
year, we had delivered at the top end of our target to distribute
30-40% of cash flow from operations to our shareholders *, mainly
through buybacks,

Our Prelude floating LNG facility off the coast of Australia had

record production in 2024, as did our @GC natural gas business in
Queensland, Australia, boosting our operational performance. We
added major new projects. We took a final investment decision on
Bonga North, off the coast of Nigeria, which is expected to start up by
the end of the decade and reach peak production of 110,000 barrels
of oil equivalent o day. Our US deep-water platform Whale started
production in January 2025, with estimated peak production of
100,000 barrels of oil equivalent o doy.

Our agreement to acquire Pavilion Energy in Singopore further
strengthened our LNG portfolio with more sales and flexibility.

also signed an agreement in Abu Dhabi to invest in the Ruwais LNG
project [A], which is designed to operate with lower carbon intensity
than traditional LNG plants. LNG Canada is expected to stort
producing in the middle of 2025, the largest private-sector energy
investment in Conado's history.

Another example of our transformation is the sole of Shell Pakistan,
which is helping us to achieve our aim to divest around 500 retail sites
every year until 2025.

Less emissions

In 2024, we worked hard towards our climate goals. We abated more
than 1 million tonnes of CO, from our operations through projects such
as reduced flaring and the use of renewable electricity. This allowed us
to keep our Scope | and 2 emissions roughly flat compared with 2023,
despite increased oil and gas production and asset utilisation. By the
end of 2024, we had achieved 60% of the reduction required to meet
our 2030 Scope | and 2 target.

Shell remains o leader in reducing emissions of methane, a potent
greenhouse gos thot can be released during oil, gas and LNG
production. By the end of 2024, we had reduced total methane
emissions from assets under our operational control by 76% compared
with 2016. Total routine flaring from our upstream oil and gas assets
remained stable in 2024, and, as of January 1, 2025, we no longer
routinely flare from these assets.

{A) Subject to completion
* NomGAAP measure (see page 445),

5 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

When it comes to our sales, we achieved our short-term target to
reduce the net carbon intensity of the energy products we sell with
a 9% reduction compared with 2016, moving us closer to our target
of a 15-20% reduction by 2030 compored with 2016 levels.

By the end of 2024, we had installed more than 70,000 public charge
points for electric vehicles, a year head of schedule. | am encouraged
by the progress we are making in carbon capture and storage, with
plans for two linked projects in Canada. In Norway, our Northern lights
joint venture is ready to offer commercial carbon transport and storage
as 0 service. | saw for myself another exciting initiative, our first
megawatt charger for electric trucks and ships in Amsterdam.

Beyond our operations, 2024 was an important year because the
Court of Appeal of The Hague dismissed Milieudefensie's claim against
Shell, | believe the decision was the right one for the energy transition
‘and our company. On February 11, 2025, Milieudefensie announced
that it was taking its case to the Netherlands’ Supreme Court. |om
confident in the strength of our position

Shell people
The safety of everyone ot Shell remains our top priority. lam deeply
saddened by the deaths of four people working for Shell in 2024
and early 2025. These tragic incidents took place in India, Malaysia,
the Netherlands and Nigeria. My heart goes out to the families and
friends of these four people. We must continue to protect everyone
working for Shell, and we will learn from these and other incidents.

Shell's success depends on our people. | experienced the dynamism
and diversity of our teams when | visited our operations in Brazil,
China, India, Kuwait, Oman, Poland, Qatar, and the USA. | was
impressed by how they are embracing the principles of performance,
discipline and simplification in their everyday work.

l also spent Safety Day with our team at the Shell Polymers Monaca
chemical plant in the USA. Once again, I had the opportunity to
witness first-hand how for we have advanced our sofety culture and
processes in recent years.

Investment case and partner of choice

lam convinced that we are the best positioned energy company to
navigate the energy transition because of our people, our connections

to customers, and our portfolio of world-class assets. We are building on
these strengths by transforming Shell. We are becoming a more focused
and competitive business, so that we are the investment case and partner
cof choice through the energy transition. We had another strong year in
2024, and we have more to do. | am confident that our strategy,
executed with conviction and determination, is working. We are on the
path to becoming the world's leading integrated energy company.

Weel Sawan
Chief Executive Officer

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy

This is Shell

Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical
companies, employing around 96,000 people [A]
across more than 70 countries. We have activities
ranging from oil and gas exploration and production
to the marketing of fuels and lubricants, and research
and development. We are increasingly offering our
customers low-carbon energy solutions.

For more than a century, Shell hos connected people and energy. We
provide the energy people need to fuel their homes, hospitals, schools,
vehicles, machinery ond factories. Our purpose is to power progress
together, by working with each other, our customers and our partners.
Our vision [B] is to be the world's leading integrated energy company -
delivering impact at scale, connecting energy and people, matching
supply to demond.

Shell's strotegy is to deliver more value with less emissions as we work
to become a net-zero emissions business by 2050. As we navigate the
energy transition through the next decade, we will leverage our global
footprint, the trust in our brand, and our innovation and technology
copabilities to be the energy company that customers and countries
choose to be their partner.

Our people and values
Whether they work on our platforms and pipelines, or in our offices
and research labs, people are key to our success. They collectively
determine our culture and we expect them to behave according

to our values: honesty, integrity and respect for people.

We expect everyone at Shell to also comply with relevant laws and
regulations to help us conduct business in an ethical and transparent
manner. We firmly believe in the fundamental importance of trust,
openness, teamwork and professionalism. The Board assesses and

Our core values

monitors our culture and how it is embedded in our attitudes and
behaviours, including in our activities and stakeholder relationships.

To realise our vision, we are transforming Shell to become o more
focused and competitive business. Our extraordinary community of
tolent will approach the next decade of the energy transition with
courage and determination. We expect Shell's people to care about
each other, our work, and about doing business the right way with a
focus on safety, people and sustainability.

The Shell General Business Principles set out our responsibilities to all
cour stakeholders. As part of these principles, we commit to contribute
to sustainable development, and we have embedded this commitment
into our strategy, our processes and decision-making. This requires
bolancing short- and long-term interests, integrating economic,
environmental and social considerations into business decision-making.
As we implement our strategy, we will also maintain our relentless focus
‘on achieving our Goal Zero ambition: to do no harm to people and to
have no leaks across operations. The Shell Code of Conduct explains
how employees, contractors and anyone else acting on behalf of Shell
must behave.

Strong relationships
We seek to build strong, trusted relationships with all our stakeholders,
including our approximately | million commercial and industrial
customers, and the around 33 million people we serve daily at our
Shell-branded retail stations. Our stokeholders include: our employees,
contractors and pensioners; the investor community; customers; our
suppliers and strategic partners; regulators and governments; non-
governmental organisations, civil society, academia and think tanks;
‘and the communities where we work.

1A] At Decenber 31,2024, nd ining porto compories
[8} A vision statement defines the desired future state of o company rather thon 0 series
of firm, binding commitments

Our guiding principles

Honesty Integrity Respect for people
We encourage our We empower our We embrace
employees and employees and diversity, equality

business partners

to speok up and
celebrate those who
do the right thing.

business portners
to moke the right
decisions.

and inclusivity.

Performance Discipline Simplification
We maintain o We allocate We streamline the
relentless focus shareholders’ way we do things,
‘on improving capital with removing complexity,
‘operational discipline and make and manage the
‘and financial clear choices about _ portfolio to support
performance. where we can disciplined capital

create value.

allocation.

Our Goal Zero
ambition

We aim to do no harm to people and to have no leaks across our operations. We call this our Goal Zero ambition.
Everyone working for Shell strives to achieve Goal Zero each doy.

‘6 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued

Our business directorates in 2024 Reporting segments

Integrated Gas and Upstream Integrated Gas explores for and extracts natural gas which we then process to produce
liquefied natural gos {LNG} or convert into gos-toliquids (GTL) products. Our activities
include the operation of the upstream ond midstream infrastructure that is needed to
deliver gos and gos products to the market. We earn revenues from the trading and
optimisation, marketing and distribution of LNG, GTL ond natural gos. See pages 31-37
for a review of our performance.

Upstream explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and natural gos liquids. Shell
has activities in deep water and conventional oil and gas. The business also operates the
infrastructure necessary to transport the oil and gas to the market or to process it in our
integrated energy and chemicals parks. See pages 38-46 for a review of our performance.

Downstream, Renewables Marketing supplies fuels and lubricants, for transport, manufacturing, mining, power |
and Energy Solutions generation, agriculture and construction. Shell is also @ major blander and trader of. ‘

: bidtuels. Shell Mobility operates our retail network, including electric vehicle charging j
and convenience retail. See pages 55-59 for a review of our performance

Chemicals and Products includes manufacturing plants and refineries which we are
repurposing into energy and chemicals parks. We turn crude oil and other feedstocks into
products for households, industry and transport. The segment also includes the pipeline
business, trading and optimisation of crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals, and oil
sands activities. See pages 60-67 for a review of our performance.

Renewables and Energy Solutions generates, markets and trades power from wind, solar
ond pipeline gas. The business also includes hydrogen production and marketing, commercial
carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs, carbon credits and noture-based solutions to avoid
or reduce carbon emissions. See pages 68-71 for a review of aur performance.

What sets us apart

Deep-water expertise We have almost five decades of deep-water expertise ond continue to develop innovative designs for oil
ond gos assets, replicating successful projects to deliver more value with less emissions. Our deepwater
business has a track record of sustained cash flow.

Integrated gas and LNG We have a world-leading LNG business with a sizeable portfolio, a global network of customers, extensive
capability shipping and storage assets, and access to regasification plants. Our diversified and global portfolio of
plants and terminals enhances our resilience to market shocks and allows us to capitalise on price volatility.

Technology and innovation Shell hos a long history in technology and innovation. We have « global network of R&D centres ond work
closely with our customers, suppliers ond partners. We also collaborate with some of the world's leading
technology companies to deploy digital solutions at scale across our business,

Integrated business model = Shell produces energy and is also one of the world's largest and most experienced energy traders and
trading and optimisation suppliers. We can identify and meet a customer's needs quickly. Our value chains ore enhanced by
purchases from third parties, and we have a leading global position in energy morkets

7 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Seotgic Report | Shells otegy

How we
create value

‘Sarinputs A
Fenenal epi

Exar to Sl pe howe i
We 700-07

Tot a tl 1

Frome

atts" (te

320m 4

dog cptl empleo (11

225 oan

Cocoptcerpedare’ (ont

Bo 2

Sperone

yond eign iy

oa%v00 9

Of gs potion ae toe/d-
283620222791

{8G cn ee fon ne)
29700

Ser People

Ninberfenpoee Boson 8b

962023-13

trv thon

prepa

ilatnsine

Renng at Gl SOO monte nd ges
corpo Ch

Tort

Chonan et crogenas prema nets ele
Senter Gucey tore eer
2707023370

inlet ep

Iowoch on deeper epee lo:
10992000 287

arf por
0,677 wo 002"
Hatoalreourens
Pore cd posse on
9,620 20239787
fc on MN
Bion 208

(ceed ear,

1:

Fe Rcpeceding hosed wesc nomen teh

. Sel Al apron ecu 2024

We cim to meet the world's growing need fr more
‘ond sustainable energy solutions in woys thet ore
ecoromically, envirormentelly ond socal responsible.
Through our business ocivities we create vole lor out
shoveholder, customers ond wider society Thi iso
‘onexhoustive istration of hells key business
‘etaties thot deliver the energy needed fr todoy.

SrotegicReport | Shlsstotegy | How we crest vole ceninond

Business activities

ta ay

area

Cre a,

1 ey efaoanca natn ee poge 189,
1 Peomone ogi ou angertm tg se pogs I.

seed emai ond Ey San prs we ang rhe Spee
SE eeot cron cma Syne peed Sone ae at

. ‘Shall Ansel apron ecu 2024

Generati
Shoreholder
Velue

@

Achieving
Nezere
Emisions

A

Powering
ves

@

Respecting
Noture

‘ond impacts for our stakeholders

Corhow fom pectin cites
(sbaote

58 7023.54

fre coshfow"

(Soin

40 2023:38

‘Shree bso (8)
(Sbitoake.

2320070

‘Adj Eoigs ($l)
2a 2020-28

‘Auk mio Scope nd 2 =
inion eam COs excl
158 2023-57 | 2016.63

‘Net coon nosy [Cl grams ot
{COs el per mega ©
71202372 2016.78

Mata enon testy @
0.04% 2072: 005%

Catone enn am a of co
‘focus [0] ftlon oes CO>
ole)

491 202351712021 569

lone eben
‘ipo
pees
Tope ong ndsenen*
{Stilton}: ere
prema

Tot woe dpe nin tonnes
19 2003.23

Operon! pf nortan 10
Ubgors amend ome

128 2003:0.37

Wiccan

agian

Strategic Report | Shell's strategy

Our strategy

Our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions.

Our vision [A] is to be the world's leading integrated energy company
ond our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions. We ore
positioning Shell to become the investment case and partner of choice
through the energy transition.

More value

We are committed to enhancing value for our investors through
disciplined investments, enhanced shareholder distributions and
maintaining o strong balance sheet. Our focus remains on providing
secure and reliable products, both now ond throughout the energy
transition, to meet the evolving needs of our customers. At Capital
Markets Day 2023 (CMD23}, we outlined our specific targets, and the
progress we have made against these targets is presented on page 14

Less emissions

We are committed to becoming  net-zero emissions energy business
by 2050. We have set climate targets and an ambition, outlined in our
Energy Tronsition Strategy 2024 (ETS24), to help us reach net zero.
ETS24 wos approved by 78% of shareholders who voted at our Annual
General Meeting (AGM) in May. Progress against our climate targets
and ombition is presented on page 93.

Shell aims to lead in the energy transition where we have competitive
strengths, see strong customer demand, and identify clear regulatory
support from governments. We will continue to provide our customers.
with the energy ond other products they need, and we will provide this
affordably and reliably, while also increasingly offering them low-
carbon energy solutions to help them decarbonise their activities.

Moving forward

In 2024, we delivered our strategy against the four themes of
generating shareholder value, achieving net-zero emissions, respecting
nature and powering lives. These themes are presented on pages 12-13.

Like all businesses, we will continue to adopt how we implement our
strotegy os the world evolves. This adaptability is crucial for navigating
the dynamic energy landscape enabling longterm success.

Capital Markets Day on March 25, 2025, presents on update to our
financial targets for investors. See pages 16-17.

IA] Avision stotement defines the desired future stote af « company rother thon o series
‘of Firm, binding commitments

10 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Photo: Stoff ot Shell QGC's troining centre in Chinchillo, Queensland, Australio,

We will deliver more value with less emissions by:
© Growing our integrated gos and LNG business

© Sustaining liquids production.

© Focusing Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions.

Growing our integrated gas and LNG business

We are investing in our gos production and growing our LNG business
to deliver the secure energy the world needs. LNG is @ critical fuel for
the energy transition because it is a lower-carbon alternative to coal in
power generation and can be easily transported to where it is needed.

Sustaining liquids production
We aim to sustain liquids production of at least 1.4 million barrels o
day through to 2030 with increasingly lower carbon intensity. We are
focusing our exploration activities in locations where hydrocarbons
hove already been discovered.

Focusing Downstream, Renewables

and Energy Solutions

We are expanding our premium marketing businesses while
streamlining our portfolio with a focus on value over volume. We will
build on the options we have invested in for low-carbon growth through
the energy transition. Our global customer reach and our supply end
trading capabilities position us well to deliver the low-carbon solutions
people ond businesses need.