Shell ple

Annual Report
and Accounts

For the year ended December 31, 2023

#PoweringProgress

i)

Wt

A03 26/04/2024 #98
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Contents

Introduction Governance
Terms ond abbreviations 147 __The Board of Shell plc
155 Executive Committee

Strategic Report 157 _ Introduction from the Choir
2 Chair's message 159 Statement of compliance with the UK
4 Chief Executive Officer's review Corporate Governance Code
6 Powering Progress strategy 160 Governance framework
6 Who we are 162 _Boord activities
7 Our strotegy 166 _Boord eveluation
10 How we create value 167 Understanding and engaging with our
2 Progress against our longer-term stakeholders

business targets 170 Workforce engagement
13 ‘Outlook for 2024 and beyond 172__ Nominotion and Succession Committee
14 _ Risk factors 177 __ Sustainability Committee
29 Performance in the year 179 _ Audit ond Risk Committee Report
29 Performance indicators 191 Directors’ Remuneration Report
3 Generating shareholder value 194 Annuol Report on Remuneration
32 Group results 211 _Directors' Remuneration Policy
34 Financial framework 219 Other regulatory and statutory information
38 Market overview
Aa Integrated Gos Financial Statements and Supplements
47 Upstream 229 _ Independent Auditor's Report related to the
35 Oil and gos information Consolidated and Parent Company Financial

Statements
$3 Marketing 244 Consolidated Financial Statements
68 Chemicals and Products -
317 Supplementary information - oil and gas
75 Renewables ond Energy Solutions (unoudited)
79 Corporate 336 Supplementary information - EU Taxonomy
31 Other central activities disclosure
82 Our journey to net zero 350 Parent Company Financial Statements
83 Introduction
85 Governance of climate-related risks nd Additional Information
‘opportunities 361 Shareholder information

89 Energy transition strategy 365 Non-GAAP measures reconciliations
100 Climate risk monagement 373 Appendix: Significant subsidiaries and other
103 Climatexeloted metrics and targets elated undertakings (audited)
n4 Other regulatory disclosures v About this Report
16 Respecting nature vii Financial calendar
124 Powering lives
125 Contribution to society
128 Our people
133 Sofety
137 living by our values

41 Principal decisions & stakeholders (Section
172{1) statement)

Reporting for all 5 WORLD Design and

A production: Friend
aso SS ttn | GRR LAND ee,
Reports are available in FSC FSC* C022913 TRUST™ Print: Toppan Merrill

all inclusive formats ot
Shell.com/annual-publications

www.carbonbalancedpaper.com

Terms and abbreviations eC Executive Committee
Currencies 7
$ US dollar _ Euro neta note
é cas earnings per share
z ano ESA exploration and production sharing ogreement
EPTB Environmentol Products Trading Business
ETS24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024
Units of measurement aw —
ocre opproximotely 0.004 squore kilometres ctr vehicle
wa wearrals (per doy) FCF free cosh low
bbl barrel FID final investment decision =
boe(/d) barrels of ol equivalent (per day); natural gos volumes ore GAAP _generolly accepted accounting principles
converted into ail equivolent using a factor of 5,800 scf GHG greenhouse gas
per barrel HSSE heolth, sofety, security ond environment
9 gigcjoule las International Accounting Standards
Gw gigowatt igA International Eneray Agency
iboe(/d) thousand barrels of il equivalent (per day); natural gas ifs Tnterational Finonciol Reporing Stondordla]
volumes ore converted ito oil equivalent using a factor
‘of 5,800 scf per barrel loGP International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
wh Tilowatthoure iPec Intergovernmentol Panel on Climate Change
mb/d million barrels per doy IPIECA International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
n S fon ie Association
imegojovle a unit of energy equol to one million joules ow
MMBtu million British thermal units RM Information Risk Monagement
" Iso International Organisation for Stondardisotion
mmipo milion tonnes per annum x meee =
Mw mmegowatt oZ or pefemonee dese
r i sexual ond tron
MWh Tmegowott hours l lesbion, goy, vexval ond to isgender
Nd rormal cubic metre on longterm we Plon
per doy volumes are converted into 0 daily basis using o calendar year NotureBosed Solutions
= NCF ‘Net Carbon Footprint
scl(/8)____ standard cubic eet (per doy] = i
wh Tevawatt hours N ‘net corbon intensity
NGO Non-governmentel organisation
NOMCO: ‘Nomination and Succession Committee
Products NZE N —
on gostotiquids jet zero emissions
ine liquefied natural gos OECD ‘Orgorisotion for Economic Co-operation and Development
iG liquefied petroleum gos ofct organic free cosh low _
NGL natural gos liquids ocr Oil and gas climate initiotive
OMt oil mining lease
Miscellaneous ‘OPEC ‘Orgonization af the Petroleum porng ‘Countries
het UK Componies Act 2006 OPEC+ _12 members of the OPEC ond I other non-OPEC members
ADS ‘American Depositary Shore Pt cil prospecting licence
26M “Annual Generel Meeting PSC productionshoring controct
APL ‘American Petroleum Institute PSP. Performonce Share Plon
‘APM Alternative performonce measure GRA Guorierly Results Announcement
ARC ‘Audit ond Risk Committee Rad Research ond development
ws carbon copture ond storage REMCO Remuneration Committee
CCS earings earnings on 6 current cost of supplies basis RNG Renewable natural gas
CFO cash flow from operating octivities RT foal terms
aso Chief information Security Officer SEAM Safety, Environment and Asset Management
oND Copitel Markets Doy SEC US Securities ond Exchange Commission
or corbon management ramework SGBP Shell General Business Principles
c, corbon dioxide SIAL Shell Internal Audit and Investigations
CO,e carbon dioxide equivelent x social performance
Cop28 28 meeting of the Conference ofthe Portes tothe United SUSCO __ Susteincbilty Committee
Nations Climate Change Conferences Toro Tosk Force on Climatereloted Financial Disclosures,
CRC Carbon Reporting Commitee TRCF Total recordable case krequency
or Commercial Road Transport TSR total shareholder return
SRO Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive WACC __ weighted average cost of copitel
DE! Diversity, equity, and inclusion wi ‘West Texos Intermediate

Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Shell Annuol Report and Accounts 2023

Strategic
Report

We measure our performance for the year by considering
progress against our longer-term strategy and against our
Annual operating plan.

At Copital Markets Day 2023, we announced eight business targets
for reporting progress against our Powering Progress strategy, which

Performance against our operating plan for 2023 is assessed using
«© range of financial and non-financial indicotors ond con be found
ih the section “Performance indicators".

In the "How we create value" section, we show the value thot we
hove created in 2023 through our business activities for our different
slokeholders and wider society.

Chair's message

Chief Executive Officer's review

Powering Progress strotegy

Who we are

Our strategy

How we create value

Progress ogeinst our longerterm business torgets

‘Outlook for 2024 and beyond

Risk factors

Performance in the year

Performance indicators

Generoting shoreholder value

Group rezults

Financial framework

Market overview

Integrated Gos

Upstream

‘Oil ond gos information

Marketing

‘Chemicals ond Products

Renewables and Energy Solutions

Corporate

Other central activities

Our journey to net zero
Introduction

Governance of climate+eloted risks and
opportunitios

Energy transition strotegy

Climate risk management,

Climatezeloted metrics and torgets

‘thor regulotary dicclocures

Respecting nature

Powering lives

Contribution to society

‘ur people

Safety

living by our volues

Principal decisions & stokeholders (Section 172{1)
statement)

“For Shell, 2023 was a pivotal
year in our drive to achieve

more value with less emissions.”

Sir Andrew Mackenzie
Chair

2 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

My geologist's mind has always been intrigued by what lies beneath
our feet, including the natural energy resources that have propelled
the world's economic progress for so long. But with the urgent need
to tackle climate change, | om just as fascinated by the technologies
that will help the world deliver cleaner power and fuel the future,

as well as significantly cut carbon emissions.

Along with great challenges, the energy transition offers tremendous
opportunities to those eager to play their port. For well over o century,
Shell hos pioneered ways of providing energy to people. We ore

a leader in deep-water oil production, liquefied natural gas (ING)
and biofuels, and we aim to become one of the largest providers

of charging for electric vehicles

We aim to lead in the energy transition where we have competitive
strengths and see strong customer demand and clear support from
governments. Our strategy is to create value for our shareholders,
customers and wider society as we reduce our emissions and fulfil
‘our purpose to provide more and cleaner energy solutions

For Shell, 2023 was a pivotal year in our drive to achieve more value
with less emissions. It was the first year under our new Chief Executive
Officer, Wael Sowan, who stressed the importance of enhancing our
returns to shareholders, while staying firm on our target to become a
het-zery emissions energy business by ZUSU. We did exactly thot by
maintaining a very healthy balance sheet, increasing our dividends
ond continuing to buy back shares, all while investing capital to
reduce our Scope | and 2 emissions, and Scope 3 emissions

related to the use of the oil products we sell.

People everywhere need o secure, sustainable and affordable energy
supply. Shell con help to enable o balanced energy transition by
keeping the world moving with oil and gas, while delivering the low:
carbon alternatives our customers need to decarbonise, To this end,
we have made it clear that we plan to expand our LNG business ond
develop new low-carbon products and technologies, such as carbon
capture and storage (CCS).

| saw this when | visited Gator’s North Field expansion project in
Jonuary 2024. This project will support the delivery of much-needed
supplies of natural gas around the world and | appreciated the
opportunity to learn more about how we are developing a CCS
project there. | also visited Oman and saw how we are moving
forward with a hydrogen project, enabled by CCS.

More value, less emissions

Shell's 2023 earings were strong ond we reduced our total combined
Scope 1 and 2 absolute greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by
31% [A] compared with 2016 levels. This positions us well as we continue
to implement our strategy, guided by the free cash flow*, investment and
cost reduction targets set in 2023. We will continue to create value for
shareholders and lower emissions.

[A] Reduced from 83 million tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent (COze) in 2016 to 57 milion
tonnes COze in 2023
* Non-GAAP meosure (see page 365].

Strategie Report

By . . Lares a .
Chair's message conti

Our energy transition update, published on March 14, 2024, aims
to keep us on track to meet our climate targets and ambitions. As

we continue to supply oil and gas, we must continually work to lower
carbon emissions from our own operations and offer our customers
more low- and zero-carbon fuels to meet their needs in a world on

its way to net zero.

In November, | sow first-hand how committed our teams are to
transforming the refinery in Rheinland, Germany, into an energy and
chemicals park. We are building a renewable hydrogen electrolyser
to help decarbonise our own operations and we will convert a
hydrocracker into a base oils production unit. The teams have also
almost finished building a plant to produce biolNG for heavy-duty
road transport. The use of biol NG in this slower-to-decarbonise sector
could be a game changer for accelerating the energy transition,

The energy transition must be just and fair, and we are committed to
respecting nature and powering lives in our activities. The Board visited
LNG Canada in June, where we are building a major project designed
to deliver a secure supply of energy. Our people there have worked
closely with indigenous communities to help protect the environment.

Innovating for net zero
Tackling climate change will need new technologies. It will also
demand collective action from governments, businesses ond consumers,
even in the face of heightened instability caused by the Russia-Ukraine
war and renewed major conflict in the Middle East.

Innovation is vital to the energy transition and is close to my heart. In
September, | met with students in China who had taken part in the Shell
Eco-marathon by embracing the challenge to design and make energy-
efficient vehicles. Their passion and perseverance should inspire us all
to keep pushing the boundaries of what is technically possible.

Shell is determined to help tackle climate change. We must do this with
continued innovation and we will lead where we have the expertise
and experience. For instance, our Raizen biofuels joint venture in Brozil
and our renewable natural gas acquisition Nature Energy in Denmark,
completed in February 2023, help us to be well placed to play an
increasing role in supplying lower-carbon transport fuels.

Under Woel's leadership in 2023, we began streamlining our business,
set clear torgets, tightened up on spending and reduced emissions.

The energy transition is an evolution that we are proud to be part

of. We are carefully choosing where we can make the biggest,

most positive impact as we move forward to becoming o net-zero
emissions energy business by 2050, purposefully and profitably.

Shell has the drive, the ingenuity and the competitive edge to make
things happen: to create value for investors, customers and society,
‘and contribute to o low-carbon world.

Sir Andrew Mackenzie
Chair

3 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Powering Progress

1. We produced first gos from Oman's Mabrouk NorthEast field in Block 10
(Shell interest 53.45%) in 2023, Block 10 is our first operated venture in Oman.

2. In 2023, in Chino, we opened our largest electric vehicle charging station. The charging
station is operated by Shell and BYD Electiic Vehicle Investment Company Limite.

3. The Whale platform (Shell interest 60%] was but in Singapore and is expected
to stort production in the Gulf of Mexico in 2024

Strategic Report

“We will deliver more value
for our shareholders, our
customers and wider society,
with less emissions.”

Wael Sawan
Chief Executive Officer

4 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

In 2023, the Russia-Ukraine war continued and renewed conflict in the
Middle East raised the spectre of another regional war. Too many lives
have been destroyed ond { hope for an end to these human tragedies
soon. Geopolitical volatility and the fragmentation of our world are
growing ot a time when we should be working together to fight the
globol challenge of climate change.

A balonced energy transition, which Shell supports, is one that
maintains secure and affordable energy supplies, while the world
builds the clean energy system of the future. Billions of people depend
on energy and hundreds of millions still hope to have access to it.
Energy is vital for lives everywhere

The energy system has shown promising signs of progress, despite
geopolitical, supply chain and regulatory challenges. Renewable
power hos seen record growth in recent years and onefifth of all
new car sales in the world are now electric. In March, | saw the
results of this growth first-hand on a Shell electric vehicle charging
site in Beijing serving around 1,000 customers a day.

At Shell, we sharpened our Powering Progress strategy in 2023

with a relentless focus on performance, discipline and simplification
us we move towards hocoming o net-zero emissions energy business
by 2050. We will deliver more value for our shareholders, our
customers and wider society, with less emissions. At Capital Markets
Day in June, we showed how we plan to profitably transform Shell
through the strength of our portfolio, our technological and trading
capabilities, and our deep customer relationships. We will be guided
by the financial and climate targets and ambitions we have set.

Performance and discipline

twas onother strony yeur for Shell. Onc highlight for me wos @GC

in Austraio, which had its highest ever liquefied natural gas (LNG)
production in the fourth quarter and delivered its 1, 000" LNG cargo.
Another was the strong operational performance in our deep-woter
portfolio. Completing the acquisition of Nature Energy, which expanded
the range of low-carbon energy we can offer, also stood out

Cash flow from operations for 2023 of around $54 billion wos the
second-highest in our history, income was around $20 billion and
Adjusted Earnings* around $28 billion. Our performance enabled

us to return $23 billion to shoreholders* through $15 billion in share
buybacks and $8 billion in dividends. This is 42%* of cash flow from
‘operations (CFFO) and around the upper end of our 30-40% of CFFO
through the cycle target range.

We continue to be disciplined in our investments, focusing on where
we can have the maximum impact in generating value or lowering
emissions. In 2023, cash copitol expenditure* of $24 billion was
‘at the lower end of our $23-27 billion range.

+ NonGAAP measure (see page 365}.

Strategic Report

| Chief Executive Officer's review continued

Between 2023 and 2025, we plan to invest around $40 billion in

oil and gas. An example of more value with less emissions is the Vito
platform (Shell interest 63.1%) in the Gulf of Mexico, which started
production in 2023. Vito cost less to build becouse its topsides and hull
are a third of the size of its original design and is expected to produce
around 80% less emissions over its operating life. We are using the
same concept for two more platforms: Whale (Shell interest 60%)

and Sporto (Shell interest 51%).

Simplification
From July 1, 2023, our smaller Executive Committee took effect with two
clear business directorates, and o single finance, strategy, mergers and
acquisitions and sustainability directorate. This simplification has already
enabled more streamlined planning and improved decision-making. We
are also in the process of moving to our new Sofety, Environment & Asset
Management Standards (SEAM), which will reduce the number of key
requirements to around 500 from the current 1,800 and enable our
people to focus on implementing our strategy more efficiently.

By the end of 2023, we had achieved around $1 billion of structural
cost reductions”, positioning us well to save the $2.3 billion we soid
we would by the end of 2025.

Less emissions

lam proud that by the end of 2023, we had achieved more than
60% of our target to halve emissions in our own operations by 2030,
compared with 2016 levels on a net basis. We will work to continue
reducing emissions from our own operations, including by powering oil
and gas platforms with renewable energy. In August, our unmanned
solar- and wind-powered platform in the Timi gos field (Shell interest
75%| delivered first gas and we will continue to explore this concept

In support of a balanced energy transition, between 2023 and 2025,
we will invest around $35 billion in Downstream and Renewables and
Energy Solutions. In 2023, we invested $5.6 billion in low<carbon
energy, including the acquisition of Nature Energy and in the
CrossWind joint venture off the Dutch coast, which will supply
renewable power to the Holland Hydrogen I electrolyser. In China, we
opened our largest electric vehicle charging station, while globally we
continued to transform our refineries into energy and chemicals parks.

Our strategy confirms our commitment to Integrated Gas, particularly
UNG where we are growing our portfolio even more and will increase
capacity by around II million tonnes per year in the second half of the
decade - that is an annual increase of more thon o quarter of our
current capacity. LNG plays a major role as a lower-carbon alternative
to cool and as a partner to wind and solar for electricity generation

As we increase our LNG activities, we will continue work on reducing
cour methane emissions to near-zero by 2030.

We want to remain a leader in biofuels and as demand for low-carbon
fuels grows, we expect to sell less oil products. We aim to lead in the
energy transition where we have competitive strengths, see strong
customer demand, and identify clear regulatory support from governments.
To help drive the decarbonisation of transport, we have set a new

5 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

ambition to reduce customer emissions from the use of our oil products
by 15-20% by 2030, compored with 2021 (Scope 3, Category 11) [A]

‘As we pursue more value with less emissions, we must remain
disciplined. For example, last summer we pulled out of a tender for
0 wind farm off the coast of Germany when it did not meet our test
for capital discipline.

The importance of learning

The safety of everyone working for Shell is our top priority. lam deeply
saddened by the death of five contractor colleagues in incidents that
took place at Shell operations in 2023. One contractor in Malaysia
‘and another in the Philippines died while at work. In Nigerio, two
contractors were shot, along with four government security agents, in
‘on appolling attack on a convoy. Also in Nigeria, o contractor injured
in a tugboat fire late in 2023 died in early 2024. My heart goes out to
all the fomilies and friends of those who have died. Our personal safety
results fell short of what we achieved in 2022 and we are committed to
doing better through learning from these and other incidents. Applying
what we have learned in the past has helped us achieve our lowest
number of process safety events on record in 2023.

| visited Oman in June for our Safety Day. This was significant for me
because it is where | started ot Shell 26 years ago. Talking to our
people there brought back many memories - my passion for the
business, my hope for the future, but also how much | had to learn.
We must always be open to new ideas.

Being the best we can be

Our strategy is also about respecting nature and powering lives.

We give more detail on how we are progressing in these areas in this
Annual Report (on pages 116 and 124) and in our Sustainability Report.

In 2023, I visited a number of our teams, including in Abu Dhabi,
Brazil, China, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Oman, Gatar and the
United States. | never cease to be impressed by the calibre of people
| meet on these trips. Shell's best asset is its people. Streamlining our
organisation con harness their creativity by cutting bureaucracy and
making processes more efficient. | want our people to focus their
energies on making Shell the best it can be.

At Shell, we ore guided by the clarity of our purpose to provide more and
cleaner energy solutions. We focus on what we can control. And, os we
embed performance, discipline and simplification into Shell's culture,

| believe we are the investment case through the energy transition.

Wael Sawan
Chief Executive Officer

* Non GAAP measure (see poge 365)
IA} Customer emissions from the use of our oil products (Scope 3, Category I!) were
517 milion tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent {CO3¢} in 2023, 569 million tonnes COxe
in 2021 ond 819 milion tonnes COze in 2016.

— Se aie

Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy
pala
~

Who we are

Shell isc global group of energy and petrochemical
companies, employing around 103,000 people [A]
and with operations in more than 70 countries.

We seek to provide the world with the energy it needs today,
while helping it build a sustainable energy future.

Our competitive advantages are built upon our large and
diverse portfolio, people who have outstanding talent, strong
technological capability and deep customer reach, which we
are leveraging to help enable a balanced energy transition.

Shell's stakeholders include our customers, investors, employees
‘ond contractors, pensioners, our strategic partners and suppliers,
the communities where we work, civil society, academia and think
tanks, governments and regulators.

We expect our employees and contractors to maintain our focus on
sofety and abide by our core values of honesty, integrity and respect
for people.

IA) At December 31, 2023.

Our operating businesses

Integrated Gas and Upstream

Integrated Gas and Upstream (IGU) explores for and extracts
crudo oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. It delivers
hydrocarbon products from conventional oil ond gas operations,
deep-woter exploration ond production, liquefied natural gas
(UNG) activities, ond converts natural gas into gas-to-liquids (GTL)
fuels and other products. The marketing, trading and optimisation
‘of ING are included in IGU. IGU provides the secure energy
customers need and we aim to do this with lower emissions

Reporting segments

Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions

Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions (R&ES) provides
products ond services to more than | million business customers.

It includes Chemicals and Products, and Marketing, which includes
Mobility — a business thot serves cround 33 million retail
customers a day at more than 47,000 service stations. Marketing
also includes Lubricants, and Sectors ond Decarbonisation
activities. Downstream and R&ES, underpinned by Trading and
Supply, aims to meet the evolving energy needs of our customers.

Reporting segments

Integroted Gas | Upstream

Marketing | Chemicals and Products | Renewables ond Energy Solutions

Innovation

Technological innovation is integral to our pursuit of more ond cleaner energy solutions as we work towards becoming a net-zero
emissions energy business by 2050. Projects & Technology (P&T) manages major projects, driving innovation, while delivering technical

services to our bi

esses. P&T provides essential functional leadership across Shell, addressing safety and environment, contracting

‘and procurement, and greenhouse gas emissions management. Our research and development activities also encompass safety,

performance products, and automation and artifi

6 Shell Annuol Report and Accounts 2023

| intelligence.

Our Powering Progress strategy is to generate more
value for our shareholders, customers and wider society
as we work to become a net-zero emissions energy
business by 2050. Our purpose - to provide more

and cleaner energy solutions - drives our strategy.

Our strategy is built upon: generating shareholder volue, achieving net-
zcro emissions, powering lives and respecting noture. At our Capital
Markets Day in June 2023, we announced how we will put our
strategy into action with a relentless focus on performance, discipline
ond simplification as we aim to deliver more value with less emissions.

We are building on our strengths in Integrated Gas, Upstream and
Marketing. We will invest around $40 billion in leading Integrated
Gas and advantaged Upstream assets over 2023-2025. This will help
drive significant and resilient cash delivery, while helping to provide
energy security. Over the same period, investment in Downstream
and Renewables and Energy Solutions will be around $35 billion,

of which $10-15 billion will be in low-carbon energy solutions,

as we help to enable the energy transition.

@

Our Purpose

To power progress together by providing
more and cleaner energy solutions

Respecting Nature
Protecting the environment,
reducing waste and making
@ positive contribution

to biodiversity

Underpinned by our core values
of honesty, integrity, respect for people,
‘and our focus on safety

(

7 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Powering Progress (

Achieving net zero
The Paris Agreement aims to strengthen the global response to.

the threat of climate change by "holding the increase in the global
‘average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels
‘ond pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above
pre-industrial levels". Shell supports the Paris Agreement goal to limit
the rise in global average temperature this century to 1.5°C above
pre-industrial levels. To achieve this, urgent action is needed to reduce
‘emissions across all sectors.

We ore working to become a net-zero emissions energy business.

This means net-zero carbon emissions from our operations. It also means
net-zero carbon emissions from the energy products we sell {including
those produced by others), which currently account for over 90% of

the total emissions we report. We support a balanced energy transition
where the world maintains o secure and affordable supply of energy,
while building the clean energy system of the future. We want to play
‘our part in the energy transition, purposefully and profitably.

We aim to partner with our customers, suppliers and governments to
help decarbonise the energy system. Our integrated assets and supply
choins are designed to provide a secure supply of energy for our
customers, while also delivering low- and zero-carbon alternatives.

Generating Shareholder Value

Growing value through a dynamic portfolio.
and disciplined capital allocation

Powering Lives
Powering lives through our
products and activities, ond
supporting on inclusive society

Achieving Net-Zero Emissions
Working with our customers and sectors

to accelerate the energy transition

to net-zero emissions

x N

Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy

Our strategy continued

Generating
shareholder

iw
~
» value

We aim to generate more value for
shareholders through disciplined capital
allocation and a focus on performance.

Wo aim to generate more value for shareholders through disciplined
capital allocation and a focus on delivering strong performance.
We seek to provide enhanced distributions through our progressive
dividend policy and share buyback programmes, which together
target shareholder distributions* of 30-40% of cash flow from
operations through the cycle.

In 2023, total shareholder distributions * amounted to $23 billion,
comprising $8 billion in cash dividends and $15 billion in share
buybacks, and we generated $54 billion in cash flow from operating
activities. This resulted in total sharcholdor distributions" of 12% of cash
flow from operating activities*, around the upper end of our target
range. Our capital expenditure wos $23 billion and our cash capital
expenditure* was $24 billion. We reduced our total debt to $82
billion and our net debt* to $44 billion as of December 31, 2023.

We aim to grow our price-normolised free cash flow* by more than
6% per year through 2030 ond grow price-normalised free cash flow
per shore* by 10% per year through 2025. In 2023, we increased
our dividend to $0.344 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

We are focusing on operational, financial and carbon performance,
while maintaining our balance sheet strength. We take a disciplined
approach to our portfolio and capital spending, aiming to invest
where we have an enduring competitive advantage.

In 2023, we announced capital expenditure targets of $22-25 billion
per year in 2024 and 2025 and targeted structural cost reductions *
of $2-3 billion by end-2025. By the end of 2023, we had made

$1 billion in structural cost reductions*.

* Non GAAP measure (see page 365}.

8 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Achieving net-
zero emissions

We aim to become a net-zero emissions
energy business by 2050 and will work
with customers to help them decarbonise.

We have a targct to become a net-zero emissions energy business by
2050, purposefully and profitably. Our net-zero target covers emissions
from our operations (Scope 1}, emissions from the energy we buy to

run our operations (Scope 2) and emissions from our customers’ use

of the energy products we sell (Scope 3). We have a target to halve
Scope | and 2 absolute emissions from assets and activities under our
operational control by 2030, compared with 2016 levels on a net basis.
By the end of 2023 we had reduced our absolute emissions by 31% [A]

Our energy transition update includes on ombition to reduce customer
‘emissions from the use of our oil products by 15-20% by 2030,
compared with 2021 (Scope 3, Category 11} [8]. Our net carbon
intensity reduction targets are: 9-12% by 2024, 9-13% by 2025,
15-20% by 2030, 100% by 2050 compored with « 2016 baseline.

We place a high priority on combatting methane emissions. Our
target is to maintain methane emissions intensity below 0.2% for
operated oil and gos assets (including liquefied natural gas) and to
reach near-zero methane emissions by 2030. In 2023, we achieved
this with methane emissions intensity at 0.05%. We have a target to
end routine floring from upstream operations by 2025, subject to the
completion of the sale of The Shell Petroleum Development Company
of Nigeria Limited (SPDC} [C]

We are transforming our business and selling more low-carbon
products and services, and will work with our customers across
sectors to accelerate the energy transition. We engage with
governments and other stakeholders, including international
organisations and industry associations, and participate in global
events, such as COP28. Through this engagement we seek to support
robust policies, legislation ond regulations designed to generate the
demand for investment in the low-carbon energy system.

IA) Reduced from 83 million tonnes of COz¢ in 2016 to $7 million tonnes of COze in 2023,
[8] Customer emissions from the use of our oil products (Scope 3, Category Il} were
517 milion tonnes COze in 2023 ond 569 milion tonnes COze in 2021
IC] In Jonuory 2024, Shell announced an agreement to sell SPDC. Completion of the
transoction is subject to cpprovals by the Nigerion government ond other conditions.

swotegi Report | Being Progress svtegy

Our strategy continugd
a

C. Powering
lives

We work to power lives through our
products and activities, and by supporting
an inclusive society.

We seek to make o positive impact on the lives of people around
the world. We help to power lives and livelihoods by providing
vital energy for homes, businesses, ond transport.

We support livelihoods by providing employment and training in
the communities where we operate, and buying goods and services
from local suppliers, contributing to a more inclusive economy.

In 2023, we spent around $49 billion on goods and services

from suppliers* around the world. Our activities generate revenues
for governments through the taxes and royalties we poy, and

the taxes we collect on their beholf. In 2023, taxes poid ond
collected* were $67 billion. This helps governments fund health
care, education and other essential services.

‘Around 760 million people [A] in the world have no electricity and over
half the world population hos insufficient energy to lead good life [8].
We deliver energy commercially, by investing in businesses that supply
energy access in emerging markets; and socially, by investing funds,
expertise ond resources in access to energy progrommes.

Shell aims to become one of the most diverse and inclusive
organisations in the world. Our focus is on gender; race and ethnicity;
lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+); and disability. In
2023, representation of women in senior leadership [C] grew to 32%.
Our 2023 Shell People Survey showed a result of 83 points out of 100
for all questions relating to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). This
suggests that overall our people feel ours is a workplace in which they
belong, feel safe and respected, and have equal opportunities to
progress and grow. We seek to respect human rights in all parts of our
business. Since 2022, we have implemented proctices to improve and
maintain worker welfare for employees and contractors.

{A] Internotioncl Energy Agency, SDG7: Doto ond Projections, 2023.

[B] UN Humon Development Index, Approximotely 75 G) final energy per copite is the
threshold where populations reach 0.8 on the UN Humon Development Index which con
bbe considered o good life.

[C] Senior Leadership is @ Shell measure bosed on compensation grade levels. This meosure is
distinct from *senior manager” 08 per stotutory disclosure requirements. See "Our people”
con poge 128.

9 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2023

‘. € — Respecting
a nature

We aim for a positive impact on
biodiversity, zero waste and using water,
other resources and materials efficiently.

In 2023, we reviewed our progress and performance on respecting
nature. We consolidated our respecting nature ambitions announced
‘08 port of our Powering Progress strategy in 2021 into the following
themes: having a positive impact on biodiversity, aiming for zero
waste and using water, other resources and materials efficiently.

We have already achieved some of the respecting nature
commitments we set when we launched Powering Progress. Our
commitment to reduce fresh-water consumption in highly water-
stressed areas by 15% was achieved ahead of the target date of
2025. We have also conducted detailed assessments to inform our
‘approach to fresh water and waste, which will be tailored to local
conditions. We have concluded that our ambition to use | million
tonnes of plastic waste a year in our global chemical plants by 2025
is unfeasible due to lack of available plastic waste feedstock, slow
technology development and regulatory uncertainty.

The remoining commitments announced in 2021 have either been
incorporated into our new Safety, Environment and Asset
Management (SEAM) Stondards, which take effect from mid-2024,
‘or are included in the relevant business objectives and processes.

When planning new major projects, we conduct detailed
environmental, social and health impact assessments. At the end of
2023, 89% of major installations operated by Shell were certified
against the ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System,
or were in compliance with equivalent environmental frameworks
required by local regulations. We are pursuing certification for

the remainder.

Air quality continues to be embedded in our environmental standards.
We are developing o range of lower-emission choices for customers,
from electric vehicle chorge points to biofuels, to help people and
companies use lower-emission modes of transport. We continue to
explore how we can source responsibly in our supply chain.

* Non-GAAP measure (see poge 365).