Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 79 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 79 Item 9B. Other Information 80 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 80 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 81 Item 11. Executive Compensation 81 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 81 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 81 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 81 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 82 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 85 Signatures 86 PART I ITEM 1. Business General Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") was founded in 1912 and incorporated in 1915. The Company's ticker symbol is ITW. The Company is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 88 divisions in 49 countries. As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 43,000 people. The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test & Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers & Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. The following is a description of the Company's seven segments: Automotive OEM — This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for applications. This segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. Products in this segment include: • plastic and metal components, fasteners and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks and other industrial uses. Food Equipment — This segment is a highly focused and branded industry leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. This segment primarily serves the food service, food retail and food institutional/restaurant markets. Products in this segment include: • warewashing equipment; • cooking equipment, including ovens, ranges and broilers; • refrigeration equipment, including refrigerators, freezers and prep tables; • food processing equipment, including slicers, mixers and scales; • kitchen exhaust, ventilation and pollution control systems; and • food equipment service, maintenance and repair. Test & Measurement and Electronics — This segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations, or "MRO" solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. Businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. This segment primarily serves the electronics, general industrial, automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers, energy, industrial capital goods and consumer durables markets. Products in this segment include: • equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials, structures, gases and fluids; • electronic assembly equipment; • electronic components and component packaging; • static control equipment and consumables used for contamination control in clean room environments; and • pressure sensitive adhesives and components for electronics, medical, transportation and telecommunications applications. Welding — This segment is a branded equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. Businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. This segment primarily serves the general industrial market, which includes fabrication, shipbuilding and other general industrial markets, and construction, energy, MRO, industrial capital goods and automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers markets. Products in this segment include: • arc welding equipment; and • metal arc welding consumables and related accessories. 3 Polymers & Fluids — This segment is a branded supplier to niche markets that require , differentiated products. Businesses in this segment produce engineered adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. This segment primarily serves the automotive aftermarket, general industrial and MRO markets. Products in this segment include: • adhesives for industrial, construction and consumer purposes; • chemical fluids which clean or add lubrication to machines; • epoxy and coating products for industrial applications; • hand wipes and cleaners for industrial applications; • fluids, polymers and other supplies for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance; • fillers and putties for auto body repair; and • polyester coatings and patch and repair products for the marine industry. Construction Products — This segment is a branded supplier of innovative engineered fastening systems and solutions. This segment primarily serves the residential construction, renovation/remodel and commercial construction markets. Products in this segment include: • fasteners and related fastening tools for wood and metal applications; • anchors, fasteners and related tools for concrete applications; • metal plate truss components and related equipment and software; and • packaged hardware, fasteners, anchors and other products for retail. Specialty Products — This segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. This segment primarily serves the food and beverage, consumer durables, airlines, general industrial, industrial capital goods and printing and publishing markets. Products in this segment include: • conveyor systems and line automation for the food and beverage industries; • plastic consumables that cans and bottles and related equipment; • foil, film and related equipment used to decorate consumer products; • product coding and marking equipment and related consumables; • plastic and metal closures and components for appliances; • airport ground support equipment; and • components for medical devices. The information set forth below is applicable to all segments of the Company unless otherwise noted. The ITW Business Model The powerful and highly differentiated ITW Business Model is the Company's core source of value creation. It is the Company's competitive advantage and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The ITW Business Model is comprised of three unique elements: • ITW's 80/20 process is the operating system that is applied in every ITW business. Initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980s, ITW has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the Company and its customers. Through the application of data driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates cost, complexity and distractions associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance; • Innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. The Company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from the 80/20 process. Working from the customer back, ITW businesses position themselves as the problem solver for their "80" customers. ITW's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid growth fundamentals, and creating unique solutions to address those needs. These customer insights and learnings drive innovation at ITW and have contributed to a portfolio of approximately 21,800 granted and pending patents; and 4 • ITW's Decentralized, Entrepreneurial Culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW Business Model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. ITW colleagues recognize their unique responsibilities to execute the Company's strategy and values. As a result, the Company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. ENTERPRISE STRATEGY: 2012 - 2023 In late 2012, ITW began its strategic framework transitioning the Company to fully leverage the unique and powerful set of capabilities and operating practices of the ITW Business Model. The Company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent growth with margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. ITW determined that solid and consistent organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver financial performance and compelling returns for its shareholders. Key initiatives in the Company's enterprise strategy included portfolio management, business structure simplification, strategic sourcing and the diligent of ITW's proprietary 80/20 process. • As part of the Portfolio Management initiative, ITW exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a requirement for all ITW businesses. This process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated ITW divisions. • Business Structure Simplification was implemented to simplify and scale up ITW's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to driving accelerated organic growth. ITW now has 88 divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and innovation. • The Strategic Sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year since 2013 and continues to be a key contributor to the Company's ongoing enterprise strategy. • With the initial portfolio realignment and work largely completed, the Company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 process to optimize its divisions for growth, first, to build a foundation of operational excellence, and second, to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. Since implementing the Company's enterprise strategy in 2012, the Company has demonstrated the compelling performance potential of the ITW Business Model and superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the Company's operating margin and return on invested capital. At the same time, these 80/20 initiatives may also result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns. OUR NEXT PHASE: 2024 - 2030 In the Next Phase of the Company's evolution, the ITW Business Model and the Enterprise Strategy framework will be as formidable of a competitive advantage and performance differentiator as it has been over the last decade, if not more so. Volatility, risk and the pace of change in the global operating environment will continue to increase, and a decentralized entrepreneurial culture allows the Company to be a fast adaptor – to read, react, respond and evolve. The Company's ability to consistently execute and invest through the ups and downs of the business cycle is now a defining competitive advantage. Throughout the Next Phase, the Company's focus is to build organic growth into a core ITW strength on par with the Company's financial performance and operational capabilities. Throughout this phase, the Company will sustain its foundational strengths built over the past decade, including the ITW Business Model practice. Innovation ("CBI") is the most impactful driver to achieve organic growth through the cycle by establishing trusted problem solver relationships with key customers to effectively invent solutions that address customers' most critical pain points or tackle the biggest growth opportunities. CBI successes, coupled with underlying market growth and share gains, are how the Company intends to achieve its organic growth . 5 During the Next Phase, ITW will continue to drive 80/20 practice excellence in every division in the Company, every day, further improving performance and supporting additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. Portfolio Discipline The Company only operates in industries where it can generate significant, competitive advantage from the ITW Business Model. ITW businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW Business Model and have significant potential to drive organic growth over the . The Company focuses on businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies which makes the Company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. The Company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent performance. This includes both implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective acquisitions to supplement ITW's growth potential. In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest one business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. This business was sold on April 3, 2023, with no significant gain or loss upon sale. Operating revenue related to this business that was included in the Company's results of operations was $9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 3. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. On January 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $57 million, net of cash acquired. On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $59 million, net of cash acquired. The Company has completed the allocation of purchase price for both of these acquisitions. On October 1, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $120 million, net of cash acquired, and subject to certain closing adjustments. The allocation of purchase price for this acquisition will be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's acquisitions. On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with affiliates of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC ("CD&R") for the sale of the Company's noncontrolling equity interest in Wilsonart International Holdings LLC ("Wilsonart") for $398 million. The transaction closed immediately after the execution of the purchase agreement. Proceeds from the transaction, net of transaction costs, were $395 million, resulting in a gain of $363 million which was included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gain were more than offset by a discrete tax benefit of $107 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards upon the sale of Wilsonart. Refer to Note 5. Other Income (Expense) and Note 6. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding this transaction. Current Year Developments Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Distribution Methods The Company's businesses primarily distribute their products directly to industrial manufacturers and through independent distributors. 6 Backlog Backlog generally is not considered a significant factor in the Company's businesses as relatively short delivery periods and rapid inventory turnover are characteristic of most of their products. Competition With operations in 49 countries, the Company offers a wide range of products in a myriad of markets, many of which are fragmented, and the Company encounters a variety of competitors that vary by product line, end market and geographic area. The Company's competitors include many regional or specialized companies, as well as large U.S. and .S. companies or divisions of large companies. Each of the Company's segments generally has several main competitors and numerous smaller ones in most of their end markets and geographic areas. In addition to numerous smaller regional competitors, the Welding segment competes globally with Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. and ESAB Corporation. In virtually all segments, the Company differentiates its businesses from its competitors based on product innovation, product quality, brand preference and service delivery. Technical capability is also a competitive factor in most segments. The Company believes that each segment's primary competitive advantages derive from the ITW Business Model and decentralized operating structure, which creates a strong focus on end markets and customers at the local level, enabling its businesses to respond rapidly to market dynamics. This structure enables the Company's businesses to drive operational excellence utilizing the Company's 80/20 process and leveraging its product innovation capabilities. The Company also believes that its global footprint is a competitive advantage in many of its markets, especially in its Automotive OEM segment. Raw Materials The Company uses raw materials of various types, primarily steel, resins and chemicals, that are available from numerous commercial sources. The availability of materials and energy has not resulted in any significant business interruptions or other major problems, and no such problems are currently anticipated. Intellectual Property The Company owns approximately 4,200 unexpired U.S. patents and 10,400 unexpired foreign patents covering articles, methods and machines. In addition, the Company has approximately 1,600 applications for patents pending in the U.S. Patent Office and 5,600 applications pending in foreign patent offices. There is no assurance that any of these patents will be issued. The Company maintains a patent group for the administration of patents and processing of patent applications. The Company believes that many of its patents are valuable and important; however, the expiration of any one of the Company's patents would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position. The Company also credits its success in the markets it serves to engineering capability; manufacturing techniques; skills and efficiency; marketing and sales promotion; and service and delivery of quality products to its customers. In addition to patents, many of the Company's products and services are sold under various owned or licensed trademarks, which are important to the Company in the aggregate. Some of the Company's more significant trademarks include ITW, which is also used in conjunction with the trademarks of many of the Company's businesses; Deltar and Shakeproof in the Automotive OEM segment; Hobart in the Food Equipment segment; Instron and MTS in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment; Miller in the Welding segment; and Permatex in the Polymers & Fluids segment; Paslode in the Construction Products segment; and in the Specialty Products segment. 7 Government Regulations The Company believes that its businesses and operations, including its manufacturing plants and equipment, are in substantial compliance with all applicable government laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, consumer protection, international trade, labor and employment, human rights, tax, and competition matters. Any additional measures to maintain compliance are not expected to materially affect the Company's capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), competitive position, financial position or results of operations. Various legislative and administrative regulations applicable to the Company in the matters noted above have become effective or are under consideration in many parts of the world. To date, such developments have not had a substantial adverse impact on the Company's revenues, earnings or cash flows. However, if new or amended laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 43,000 people, with approximately 16,000 people located in the United States and the remainder in multiple other countries where the Company's businesses operate. The Company strives to be a great employer through its demonstrated commitment to employee safety, its workplace culture, talent development, the ITW employee experience, compensation and benefits. Employee Safety . The safety and of ITW's colleagues around the world is its top priority, in addition to being an essential component of our commitment to be a great employer. Guided by the Company's Enterprise Safety Strategy and the philosophy that every accident is preventable, ITW strives every day to foster a proactive safety culture. ITW's Enterprise Safety Strategy and Safety Policy are based on the following core principles: (i) a goal of zero accidents; (ii) shared ownership for safety (business and individual); (iii) proactive approach focused on accident prevention; (iv) continuous improvement philosophy; and (v) compliance with applicable national, regional, and local health and safety laws and regulations. Workplace Culture . The Company's culture is deeply rooted in its core values: Integrity, Respect, Trust, Shared Risk and Simplicity. ITW colleagues are empowered to think and act like business owners within the Company's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture. Our decentralized structure allows each division to operate with autonomy and enables our people to embrace the personal impact they can make. Talent Development . The Company strives for all colleagues to "own" their careers and feel valued for the work they do. ITW colleagues are encouraged to learn new skills and capabilities primarily through experience, coaching and feedback, in addition to formal training. The Great ITW Leader Framework defines leadership capabilities and attributes to help colleagues to reach their full potential as leaders. Great ITW Leaders are expected to make great strategic choices to drive organic growth, be an expert in the practice of innovation and the ITW Business Model, deliver great results, be great talent managers and lead through ITW's culture and values. Great ITW Leaders who have expertise in the ITW Business Model are the critical factor in translating the potential of the ITW Business Model into full performance. Because this expertise develops over time and through specific experiences, the Company focuses on developing and promoting its own talent to support the Company's sustained business success over the long term. The ITW Employee Experience . ITW believes it is at its best when it brings together unique perspectives, experiences, and ideas. Rooted in ITW's core values of Respect and Integrity, the Company is committed to equal employment opportunity, fair treatment and creating inclusive workplaces where all ITW colleagues can perform to their full potential. Consistent with these values, ITW is also committed to attracting the best talent for its global leadership teams, valuing the perspectives of every ITW colleague, and reflecting the communities where we live and work. ITW drives progress through a comprehensive enterprise talent management strategy, which focuses on: (i) leadership commitment and accountability; (ii) attracting and retaining great ITW talent; (iii) creating inclusive workplaces; and (iv) striving to be a great employer. Compensation and Benefits . As a global employer, the Company is committed to providing compensation and benefits that support physical, mental, and financial to attract and retain great talent across its global divisions. Specific compensation and benefits vary worldwide and are based on regional practices. In the U.S., the Company focuses on providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that supports the health and wellness, educational endeavors, community involvement and financial stability of its colleagues. 8 Labor Relations . Less than three percent of the Company's U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Outside the U.S., employees in certain countries are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. The Company considers its employee relations to be excellent. Information About Our Executive Officers The executive officers of the Company serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Set forth below is information regarding the principal occupations and employment and business experience over the past five years for each executive officer. Unless otherwise stated, employment is by the Company. Executive Officers of the Company as of February 13, 2026 were as follows: Name Age Present Position First Year in Present Position Other Positions Held During 2021-2025 Christopher A. O'Herlihy 62 President & Chief Executive Officer 2024 Vice Chairman 2015-2023. Axel R.J. Beck 60 Executive Vice President 2020 T. Kenneth Escoe 50 Executive Vice President 2020 Javier Gracia Carbonell 53 Executive Vice President 2022 Group President, construction businesses, 2020-2021. Patricia A. Hartzell 49 Executive Vice President 2022 Group President, test & measurement and electronics businesses, 2020-2021. Michael M. Larsen 57 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 2013 Mary K. Lawler 60 Senior Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer 2014 Christopher P. Rauch 56 Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary 2025 Chief IP Counsel & Assistant Secretary, 2019 -2025. Randall J. Scheuneman 58 Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer 2009 Guilherme Silva 50 Executive Vice President 2024 Group President, polymers & fluids businesses, 2020-2021; Group President, test & measurement and electronics businesses, 2021-2023. Sharon A. Szafranski 59 Executive Vice President 2020 Mark A. Thibeault 42 Executive Vice President 2025 Vice President/General Manager, test & measurement and electronics businesses, 2019-2022; Group President, test & measurement and electronics businesses, 2022-2024. Available Information Copies of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through the Company's website ( www.itw.com ), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing with or otherwise furnishing such information to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 9 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors The Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. These risk factors should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of such risks and matters, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as on the attractiveness and value of an investment in the Company's securities. Economic Risks The Company's results are impacted by global economic conditions. Downturns in the markets served by the Company could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations or financial condition. The Company's businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe. Slower economic growth, financial market instability, supply chain disruptions, natural disasters, public health crises (such as the pandemic), labor market challenges, rapid inflation, armed conflicts (such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict), government deficit reduction, sequestration and other austerity measures impacting the markets the Company serves can adversely affect the Company's businesses by reducing demand for the Company's products and services, limiting financing available to the Company's customers, causing production delays, increasing order cancellations and the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, increasing price competition, or increasing the risk that counterparties to the Company's contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their obligations. Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of the Company's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for the Company's products and customers' ability to repay obligations to the Company. Rising interest rates could have an impact on the Company and its customers' cost of capital. The global nature of the Company's operations subjects it to political, economic and social risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. Over 50% of the Company's net sales are derived from customers outside the United States, and the Company currently operates in 49 countries. The risks inherent in the Company's global operations include: • fluctuation in currency exchange rates; • limitations on ownership or participation in local enterprises; • price controls, exchange controls and limitations on repatriation of earnings; • supply chain disruptions, including transportation delays and disruptions; • political, social and economic instability and disruptions, including political unrest and armed conflicts; • acts of terrorism; • the impact of widespread public health crises and pandemics; • government embargoes, sanctions or foreign trade restrictions; • the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers and retaliatory countermeasures; • government actions impacting international trade agreements, including the Trade and Cooperation Agreement; • import and export controls; • social and labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; • the potential for expropriation or nationalization of enterprises; • difficulties in staffing and managing operations; • multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change; • limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and • potentially adverse tax consequences. The global geopolitical and trade environment has resulted in raw material inflation and potential for increased escalation of domestic and international tariffs and retaliatory trade policies. Further changes in U.S. trade policy (including new or additional increases in duties or tariffs) and retaliatory actions by U.S. trade partners, including sanctions against Russia and developments in U.S.-China trade relations, could result in a worsening of economic conditions. If the Company is unable to successfully manage the risks associated with managing and expanding its international businesses, the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely impacted. 10 A significant fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies could adversely impact the Company's operating income. Although the Company's financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars, a significant portion of its sales and operating costs are realized in other currencies, with the largest concentration of foreign sales occurring in Europe. The Company's profitability is affected by movements of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and other foreign currencies in which it generates revenues and incurs expenses. Significant fluctuations in relative currency values, and in particular, an increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar against foreign currencies, has had and could have an adverse effect on profitability and financial condition. Business and Operational Risks The benefits from the Company's enterprise strategy may not be as expected and the Company's financial results could be adversely impacted, or the Company may not meet its financial performance targets. As the Company continues to execute on its enterprise strategy initiatives, it remains focused on the core principles of portfolio discipline, 80/20 practice excellence, and organic growth. Product line and customer base simplification activities, which are core elements of the Company's 80/20 process, continue to be applied by the Company's operating divisions and are active elements of the enterprise strategy. Although these activities are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth, they are also expected to have a negative impact on the Company's overall organic revenue growth in the short term. Additionally, other core activities of the enterprise strategy related to portfolio discipline and organic growth, including innovation, may not have the desired impact on future operating results. If the Company is unable to realize the expected benefits from its enterprise strategy initiatives, the Company's financial results could be adversely impacted, or the Company may not meet its financial performance targets. The timing and amount of the Company's share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. Share repurchases constitute a significant component of the Company's capital allocation strategy. The Company has historically funded its share repurchases with free cash flow and borrowings. The amount and timing of share repurchases will be based on a variety of factors. Important factors that could cause the Company to limit, suspend or delay its share repurchases include unfavorable trading market conditions, the price of the Company's common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to the Company from time to time, regulatory developments relating to share repurchase programs, the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates and the availability of U.S. cash. If the Company is unable to successfully introduce new products, its future growth may be adversely affected. The Company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services or in the adoption of technological change, such as the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning, may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the Company's competitive position. If the Company is unable to create sustainable product differentiation, its organic growth may be adversely affected. If the Company is unable to adequately protect its intellectual property, its competitive position and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Protecting the Company's intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. The Company owns patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights related to many of its products, and also has exclusive and license rights under intellectual property owned by others. The Company's intellectual property rights may be challenged or the Company may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of the Company's intellectual property rights by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected, or inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact the Company's competitive position and results of operations. 11 The Company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial results. The Company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions. A number of factors may result in impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, including significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, increased competition and significant changes in the use of the assets. Impairment charges could adversely affect the Company's financial condition or results of operations in the periods recognized. Raw material price increases and supply shortages could adversely affect results. The supply of raw materials to the Company and to its component parts suppliers could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. Prices for raw materials have fluctuated significantly in the past and the Company has experienced upward pricing pressure on specialty materials such as high fabrications. Significant price increases could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and operating margins. In particular, inflation, changes in trade policies, the imposition of duties and tariffs, potential retaliatory countermeasures, public health crises and pandemics (such as the pandemic, which adversely impacted the price and availability of raw materials), threatened or actual military conflicts (such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict) and severe weather events could adversely impact the price or availability of raw materials. The Company may not be able to pass along increased raw material and components parts prices to its customers in the form of price increases or its ability to do so could be delayed. Consequently, its results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. The Company's defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. The performance of financial markets and interest rates impact the Company's funding obligations under its defined benefit pension plans. Significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets may increase the Company's funding obligations and adversely impact its results of operations and cash flows. If the Company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, attacks or network security breaches, or if there is a violation of data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the Company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; employee error or malfeasance; and attacks by computer hackers, which have continued to increase on a global scale in both magnitude and frequency, taken on novel and unprecedented forms and become more difficult to detect. The risk and severity of cybersecurity attacks could increase as artificial intelligence is used by threat actors to identify vulnerabilities and conduct increasingly sophisticated attacks. Minor security breaches have occurred from time to time and are expected to occur in the future. Although the experienced to date have not had a material impact, future security breaches of our technology networks and systems or those of our vendors and service providers could result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could cause reputational and legal harm as we are subject to data privacy laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, in the various countries in which we operate. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, or if we violate data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results and/or the financial reporting process and the Company may suffer financial or reputational damage. In addition, cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the U.S. and globally, which adds compliance complexity and may increase costs of compliance and expose the Company to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions. 12 Strategic Transaction Risks The Company's acquisition of businesses could negatively impact its profitability and returns. The Company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past and could choose to acquire additional businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, managerial and operational challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect the Company's profitability and returns: • The acquired business' inability to adapt to the ITW Business Model or otherwise perform in accordance with the Company's anticipated results or timetable, could cause it to under perform relative to the Company's expectations and the price paid for it. • The acquired business could cause the Company's financial results to differ from expectations in any given fiscal period, or over the long term. • Acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact operating results. • The acquired business could place unanticipated demands on the Company's management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems. • The Company may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized or known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the activities of the acquired business. The realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase the Company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. • As a result of acquisitions, the Company has in the past recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet. If the Company is not able to realize the value of these assets, it may recognize charges relating to the impairment of these assets. Divestitures pose the risk of retained liabilities that could adversely affect the Company's financial results. The Company has had significant divestiture activity in the past in accordance with its portfolio management initiative. It divested one business in the first quarter of 2023 as it continues portfolio refinements to maintain portfolio discipline. The Company has retained certain liabilities directly or through indemnifications made to the buyers against known and unknown contingent liabilities such as lawsuits, tax liabilities, product liability claims and environmental matters, which could adversely affect the Company's financial results. Tax, Legal and Regulatory Risks Unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings may adversely affect results. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in various foreign jurisdictions. Domestic and international tax liabilities are based on the income and expenses in various tax jurisdictions. The Company's effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws. The amount of income taxes is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by .S. authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts recorded, future financial results may include unfavorable tax adjustments. Adverse outcomes in legal proceedings or enforcement actions may adversely affect results. The Company's businesses expose it to potential costs and adverse rulings associated with commercial, intellectual property, employment, toxic tort and other product liability claims and lawsuits. The Company's global operations also subject it to government investigations in numerous countries. We cannot predict the outcome of claims, investigations and lawsuits and we may incur costs, judgments or fines or enter into settlements that could adversely impact our businesses, reputation or future financial results. The Company currently maintains insurance programs consisting of up to certain limits and excess insurance coverage for claims over established limits. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or that its insurance programs will provide adequate protection against actual losses. In addition, the Company is subject to the risk that one or more of its insurers may become insolvent and become unable to pay claims that may be made in the future. Even if it maintains adequate insurance programs, claims, judgments or settlements could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on its ability to obtain suitable, adequate or insurance in the future. 13 Uncertainty related to environmental regulation and industry standards, as well as physical risks of climate change, could impact the Company's results of operations and financial position. Increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, may result in more international, regional and/or federal requirements or industry standards to reduce or mitigate global warming and other environmental risks. These regulations or standards could mandate even more restrictive requirements, such as stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions and production of single use plastics, than the voluntary commitments that the Company has made or require such changes on a more accelerated time frame. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. In addition, the physical risks of climate change may impact the availability and cost of materials and natural resources, sources and supply of energy, product demand and manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs, including, potentially, to repair damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events or to renovate or retrofit facilities to better withstand extreme weather events. If environmental laws or regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, or the Company's operations are disrupted due to physical impacts of climate change, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. The Company may incur fines or penalties, damage to its reputation or other adverse consequences if its employees, agents or business partners violate , competition, export and import, trade sanctions, data privacy, environmental, artificial intelligence, human rights or other laws. The Company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant autonomy within the Company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The Company is subject to complex U.S., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations, such as and , competition, export and import, trade sanctions, data privacy, environmental, the use of artificial intelligence in our business and in our products and services, and human rights laws. Although the Company has implemented compliance programs which include internal controls, internal audits, policies and procedures and employee training to deter prohibited practices, these measures may not be effective in preventing employees, agents or business partners from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. Any such improper actions could subject the Company to civil or criminal investigations, could lead to substantial civil or criminal monetary and penalties against the Company or its subsidiaries, or could damage its reputation. Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements may be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "plans," "intend," "may," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "will," "should," "could," "project," "target," "anticipate," "guidance," "forecast," and other similar words, and may include, without limitation, statements regarding the duration and potential effects of global supply chain challenges, the current and expected impact of U.S. trade policy, including tariffs and related retaliatory countermeasures, the expected impact of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, future financial and operating performance, free cash flow, economic and regulatory conditions in various geographic regions, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the timing and amount of benefits from the Company's enterprise strategy initiatives, the timing and amount of dividends and share repurchases, the protection of the Company's intellectual property, the likelihood of future goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges, the impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, the adequacy of internally generated funds and credit facilities to service debt and finance the Company's capital allocation priorities, the sufficiency of U.S. generated cash to fund cash requirements in the U.S., the cost and availability of additional financing, the availability of raw materials and energy and the impact of raw material cost inflation, the Company's enterprise initiatives, the Company's portion of future benefit payments related to pension and postretirement benefits, the Company's information technology infrastructure, potential acquisitions and divestitures and the expected performance of acquired businesses and impact of divested businesses, the impact of U.S. and global tax legislation and the estimated timing and amount related to the resolution of tax matters, the cost of compliance with environmental regulations, the impact of interest rate changes, the impact of failure of the Company's employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and the outcome of outstanding legal proceedings. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Important risks that may influence future results include those risks described above. These risks are not all inclusive and given these and other possible risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on statements as a prediction of actual results. 14 Any statements made by ITW speak only as of the date on which they are made. ITW is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, except as required by law. ITW practices fair disclosure for all interested parties. Investors should be aware that while ITW regularly communicates with securities analysts and other investment professionals, it is against ITW's policy to disclose to them any material information or other confidential commercial information. Investors should not assume that ITW agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy The Company utilizes information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities in its decentralized operations. These systems may be subject to attacks or breaches. For additional information related to the risks associated with cybersecurity threats, refer to the Business and Operational Risks section of Item 1A. Risk Factors. Cybersecurity risk management is part of the Company's global enterprise risk management program . In order to manage the risks associated with cybersecurity threats, the Company has implemented a cybersecurity program consisting of processes, technologies, and controls to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. A key part of the Company's cybersecurity program is the ITW Cybersecurity Framework, which is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Cybersecurity Framework ("CSF") and is designed to protect the Company's data through rapid identification of and effective response to cybersecurity incidents. The Company's framework includes detailed processes and controls related to backup and recovery, response planning, awareness, vulnerability management and endpoint protection as well as cybersecurity requirements for service providers. The framework is regularly reviewed, assessed, and updated based on input from third party specialists, threat intelligence firms and CSF standard updates. The ITW Cybersecurity Framework includes a number of activities designed to enhance the Company's resiliency related to risks and ensure that the Company's information systems are secure from material cybersecurity threats. These activities include the following, among others: • Annual cybersecurity training; • Quarterly phish simulation testing; • Ongoing response planning and tabletop exercises; • Network/endpoint protection, monitoring and response; • Vulnerability management; and • Backup and recovery testing. While the Company's information systems are exposed to cybersecurity threats and risks, the Company has not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents during 2025, 2024 or 2023, and any costs or operational impacts related to cybersecurity incidents were immaterial during this period. Governance ITW's Board of Directors is responsible for providing oversight and strategic guidance to management to support the interests of the Company's stakeholders. As part of this responsibility, the Board of Directors annually reviews and evaluates the Company's cybersecurity policies and practices with respect to risk management as well as steps taken by management to monitor and control such exposures. In addition to oversight by the Board of Directors, several management teams focus on cybersecurity risk and report any identified cybersecurity incidents. Each of the Company's divisions has a Division Cyber Incident Response Team and protocols in place to communicate cybersecurity incidents to a central Cyber Incident Response Team. The Cyber Incident Response Team is led by the Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO") and is responsible for the initial assessment of cybersecurity incidents and oversight of any incident response. 15 The Company's cybersecurity program is overseen by a dedicated global team of cybersecurity professionals, led by the CISO who brings over 20 years of information technology and cybersecurity leadership experience and holds the Certified Information Security Manager ("CISM") designation. The CISO reports directly to the Chief Information Officer ("CIO") and is responsible for leading the execution of the Company's cybersecurity strategy. On a quarterly basis, or sooner if appropriate, cybersecurity incidents are summarized and reported to the Cybersecurity Governance Committee comprised of senior executives. Additionally, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors receives quarterly cybersecurity reports from senior management which cover any identified cybersecurity incidents, significant cybersecurity risks, and key developments in policies and practices during the quarter. ITEM 2. Properties Due to the Company's decentralized operating structure and global operations, the Company operates out of a large number of facilities worldwide, none of which are individually significant to the Company or its segments. As of December 31, 2025, the Company operated approximately 410 plants and office facilities, excluding regional sales offices and warehouse facilities. Approximately 270 of the facilities were located outside of the United States. Principal foreign countries include China, Germany, France, and the United Kingdom. The Company's properties are well suited for the purposes for which they were designed and are maintained in good operating condition. Production capacity, in general, currently exceeds operating levels. Capacity levels are somewhat flexible based on the number of shifts operated and on the number of overtime hours worked. The Company adds production capacity from time to time as required by increased demand. Additions to capacity can be made within a reasonable period of time due to the nature of the Company's businesses. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings None. The Company's threshold for disclosing environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is $1 million. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 16 PART II ITEM 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common Stock Data — The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "ITW." There were approximately 3,957 holders of record of common stock as of January 31, 2026. This number does not include beneficial owners of the Company's securities held in the name of nominees. *Assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2020, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal years ended December 31. Copyright© 2026 Standard & Poor's, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved. The 2025 peer group consists of the following 17 public companies, consistent with the peer group included in the Company's Proxy Statement: 3M Company Ecolab Inc. Corporation Caterpillar Inc. Emerson Electric Co. PPG Industries, Inc. Cummins Inc. Fortive Corporation Rockwell Automation, Inc. Deere & Company General Dynamics Corporation Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Dover Corporation Honeywell International Inc. Trane Technologies plc Eaton Corporation plc Johnson Controls International plc The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company reviews the peer group annually and from time to time changes the composition of the peer group where changes are appropriate. There were no changes in the Company's peer group in 2025. 17 Repurchases of Common Stock On May 7, 2021, the Company announced a stock repurchase program which provided for the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an period of time (the "2021 Program"). The 2021 Program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2023. On August 4, 2023, the Company announced a stock repurchase program which provides for the repurchase of up to an additional $5.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an period of time (the "2023 Program"). As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately $2.0 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under the 2023 Program. Share repurchase activity under the Company's share repurchase programs for the fourth quarter of 2025 was as follows: In millions except per share amounts Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Programs October 2025 0.7 $ 245.80 0.7 $ 2,191 November 2025 0.3 $ 242.94 0.3 $ 2,110 December 2025 0.5 $ 251.20 0.5 $ 1,990 Total 1.5 1.5 ITEM 6. [ Reserved] ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations INTRODUCTION Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 88 divisions in 49 countries. As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 43,000 people. The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test & Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers & Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. Due to the large number of diverse businesses and the Company's decentralized operating structure, the Company does not require its businesses to provide detailed information on operating results. Instead, the Company's corporate management collects data on several key measurements: operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, variable cost of revenue, overhead expenses, number of months on hand in inventory, days sales outstanding in accounts receivable, past due receivables and return on invested capital. These key measures are monitored by management and significant changes in operating results versus current trends in end markets and variances from forecasts are discussed with operating unit management. THE ITW BUSINESS MODEL The powerful and highly differentiated ITW Business Model is the Company's core source of value creation. It is the Company's competitive advantage and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The ITW Business Model is comprised of three unique elements: • ITW's 80/20 process is the operating system that is applied in every ITW business. Initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980s, ITW has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the Company and its customers. Through the application of data driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates cost, complexity and distractions associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance; 18 • Innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. The Company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from the 80/20 process. Working from the customer back, ITW businesses position themselves as the problem solver for their "80" customers. ITW's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid growth fundamentals, and creating unique solutions to address those needs. These customer insights and learnings drive innovation at ITW and have contributed to a portfolio of approximately 21,800 granted and pending patents; and • ITW's Decentralized, Entrepreneurial Culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW Business Model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. ITW colleagues recognize their unique responsibilities to execute the Company's strategy and values. As a result, the Company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. ENTERPRISE STRATEGY: 2012 - 2023 In late 2012, ITW began its strategic framework transitioning the Company to fully leverage the unique and powerful set of capabilities and operating practices of the ITW Business Model. The Company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent growth with margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. ITW determined that solid and consistent organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver financial performance and compelling returns for its shareholders. Key initiatives in the Company's enterprise strategy included portfolio management, business structure simplification, strategic sourcing and the diligent of ITW's proprietary 80/20 process. • As part of the Portfolio Management initiative, ITW exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a requirement for all ITW businesses. This process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated ITW divisions. • Business Structure Simplification was implemented to simplify and scale up ITW's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to driving accelerated organic growth. ITW now has 88 divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and innovation. • The Strategic Sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year since 2013 and continues to be a key contributor to the Company's ongoing enterprise strategy. • With the initial portfolio realignment and work largely completed, the Company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 process to optimize its divisions for growth, first, to build a foundation of operational excellence, and second, to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. Since implementing the Company's enterprise strategy in 2012, the Company has demonstrated the compelling performance potential of the ITW Business Model and superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the Company's operating margin and return on invested capital. At the same time, these 80/20 initiatives may also result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns. OUR NEXT PHASE: 2024 - 2030 In the Next Phase of the Company's evolution, the ITW Business Model and the Enterprise Strategy framework will be as formidable of a competitive advantage and performance differentiator as it has been over the last decade, if not more so. Volatility, risk and the pace of change in the global operating environment will continue to increase, and a decentralized entrepreneurial culture allows the Company to be a fast adaptor – to read, react, respond and evolve. The Company's ability to consistently execute and invest through the ups and downs of the business cycle is now a defining competitive advantage. 19 Throughout the Next Phase, the Company's focus is to build organic growth into a core ITW strength on par with the Company's financial performance and operational capabilities. Throughout this phase, the Company will sustain its foundational strengths built over the past decade, including the ITW Business Model practice. Innovation ("CBI") is the most impactful driver to achieve organic growth through the cycle by establishing trusted problem solver relationships with key customers to effectively invent solutions that address customers' most critical pain points or tackle the biggest growth opportunities. CBI successes, coupled with underlying market growth and share gains, are how the Company intends to achieve its organic growth . During the Next Phase, ITW will continue to drive 80/20 practice excellence in every division in the Company, every day, further improving performance and supporting additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. Portfolio Discipline The Company only operates in industries where it can generate significant, competitive advantage from the ITW Business Model. ITW businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW Business Model and have significant potential to drive organic growth over the . The Company focuses on businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies which makes the Company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. The Company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent performance. This includes both implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective acquisitions to supplement ITW's growth potential. In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest one business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. This business was sold on April 3, 2023, with no significant gain or loss upon sale. Operating revenue related to this business that was included in the Company's results of operations was $9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 3. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. On January 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $57 million, net of cash acquired. On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $59 million, net of cash acquired. The Company has completed the allocation of purchase price for both of these acquisitions. On October 1, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $120 million, net of cash acquired, and subject to certain closing adjustments. The allocation of purchase price for this acquisition will be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's acquisitions. On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with affiliates of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC ("CD&R") for the sale of the Company's noncontrolling equity interest in Wilsonart International Holdings LLC ("Wilsonart") for $398 million. The transaction closed immediately after the execution of the purchase agreement. Proceeds from the transaction, net of transaction costs, were $395 million, resulting in a gain of $363 million which was included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gain were more than offset by a discrete tax benefit of $107 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards upon the sale of Wilsonart. Refer to Note 5. Other Income (Expense) and Note 6. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding this transaction. 20 TERMS USED BY ITW Management uses the following terms to describe the financial results of operations of the Company: • Organic business - acquired businesses that have been included in the Company's results of operations for more than 12 months on a constant currency basis. • Operating leverage - the estimated effect of the organic revenue volume changes on organic operating income, assuming variable margins remain the same as the prior period. • Price/cost - represents the estimated net impact of increases or decreases in the cost of materials used in the Company's products versus changes in the selling price to the Company's customers. • Product line simplification ("PLS") - focuses businesses on eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, and focuses businesses on supporting and growing their largest customers and product lines. In the , PLS may result in a decrease in revenue and overhead costs while improving operating margin. In the , PLS is expected to result in growth in revenue, profitability, and returns. Unless otherwise stated, the changes in financial results in the consolidated results of operations and the results of operations by segment represent the current year period versus the comparable period in the prior year. CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS During the first quarter of 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine. In response, the United States and several other countries imposed economic and other sanctions on Russia. The Company has four immaterial Russian subsidiaries with net assets of approximately $38 million as of December 31, 2025. The revenue for these four subsidiaries for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 was approximately $24 million. These subsidiaries were not material to the Company's results of operations or financial position. In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest one business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. This business was sold on April 3, 2023, with no significant gain or loss upon sale. Operating revenue related to this business that was included in the Company's results of operations was $9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 3. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. On January 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $57 million, net of cash acquired. On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $59 million, net of cash acquired. The Company has completed the allocation of purchase price for both of these acquisitions. On October 1, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $120 million, net of cash acquired, and subject to certain closing adjustments. The allocation of purchase price for this acquisition will be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company changed the method used to determine the cost of inventory at certain U.S. businesses from the , ("LIFO") method to the , ("FIFO") method, as the Company believes the FIFO method is preferable because it provides a more consistent method for valuing inventory across the Company's operations, improves comparability with peers, and better reflects the current value of inventories at the balance sheet date. The LIFO provision for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $6 million of expense, and was not material to the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Therefore, the Company recorded the cumulative effect of this change in accounting method of $117 million as a reduction of Cost of revenue in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding this change in accounting method and the Company's inventory balances. 21 On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with affiliates of CD&R for the sale of the Company's noncontrolling equity interest in Wilsonart. The transaction closed immediately after the execution of the purchase agreement. Proceeds from the transaction, net of transaction costs, were $395 million, resulting in a gain of $363 million which was included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gain were more than offset by a discrete tax benefit of $107 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards upon the sale of Wilsonart. Refer to Note 5. Other Income (Expense) and Note 6. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding this transaction. On April 2, 2025, the United States government announced additional tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. from numerous countries. In response, certain countries retaliated with additional or are working to negotiate with the U.S government regarding tariffs. Tariffs on goods from many countries became effective on August 1, 2025. The Company believes it is well positioned to minimize the impact of these tariffs because its businesses generally manufacture products in the markets where they are sold and the Company expects to recover the increased cost of tariffs through price increases. However, current tariff policies have introduced additional uncertainty and may negatively impact overall demand from the Company's customers. The Company continues to assess the impact of the tariffs and actions that can be taken to moderate and/or minimize their effects on the Company. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the "OBBBA") was e

[truncated]