BETA Close X Kingfisher PLC has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026, which is now available on the company's website and has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications will receive a hard copy of the report and the Notice of Annual General Meeting around 14 April 2026. The regulated information required under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R(1A) is also included within the Annual Report. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 02 April 2026 KINGFISHER PLC (the "Company") Publication of 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts The Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026 (the ' Annual Report ') has today been published on the Company's website www.kingfisher.com . In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R, a copy of the Annual Report has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism (' NSM ') and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . A hard copy version of the Annual Report, along with the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 (the ' AGM Notice' ) will be sent to those shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications on or around 14 April 2026. The AGM Notice will be made available to shareholders who have not elected to receive paper communications on the same date. The regulated information required to be communicated to the media under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R(1A) is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report and is available on the NSM and on the Company's website www.kingfisher.com . Group Company Secretariat Tel: + 44 (0) 20 7372 8008 Kingfisher plc 1 Paddington Square, London W2 1GG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and