BETA Close X Kingfisher plc has initiated the second tranche of its share repurchase programme, instructing Goldman Sachs International to purchase up to £50 million of its ordinary shares for cancellation by 15 September 2026. This follows a previous £75 million tranche and is part of a larger £300 million commitment aimed at reducing the company's share capital. The purchases will adhere to regulatory guidelines and shareholder authority, with no unpublished price sensitive information currently being held by the company. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 16 July 2026 KINGFISHER PLC Share repurchase programme - Second Tranche Kingfisher plc (the " Company ") announces that it has instructed Goldman Sachs International (" GSI ") in relation to a non-discretionary programme to purchase its shares for cancellation, during the period which will commence today and end no later than 15 September 2026 (the " Tranche "). GSI will act as principal for the on-sale of such shares to the Company, and will make its trading decisions concerning the timing of the purchases of the Company's ordinary shares independently of the Company. The maximum amount allocated to the Tranche (excluding expenses) will be no greater than £50 million ( Note 1 ). The purpose of the Tranche is to reduce the share capital of the Company. As such, the Company will cancel any ordinary shares purchased. Following the completion of the first tranche of £75 million as announced on 18 June 2026, this is the second tranche of an overall commitment by the Company to purchase £300 million of its shares for cancellation, as announced on 24 March 2026 (the " Programme "). Any acquisitions under the Programme will be carried out within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014) (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)) and Chapter 9 of the UK Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it currently has no unpublished price sensitive information. For the avoidance of doubt, no repurchases will be made in respect of the Company's American Depositary Receipts. Note 1 . The maximum number of shares that the Company may purchase would be 169,003,381 ordinary shares of 15 5/7 pence each, in line with the authority granted to the Company by shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 26 June 2026. Contacts Tel: Email: Group Company Secretariat +44 (0) 20 7372 8008 secretariat@kingfisher.com Investor Relations +44 (0) 20 7644 1082 investorenquiries@kingfisher.com Treasury +44 (0) 20 7372 8008 treasury@kingfisher.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Zigup 30 minutes ago Caledonia Mining Corporation (DI) 30 minutes ago Hargreaves Services 30 minutes ago Duke Royalty Limited 30 minutes ago Zotefoams All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and