BETA Close X Kingfisher PLC announces the admission of 128,003 ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under its ShareSave Plan. These shares, issued between July 7, 2026, and September 2, 2026, are fully fungible with existing ordinary shares, bringing the total number of shares in issue to 1,648,945,095. This issuance is part of an existing block admission established in October 2025. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 03 September 2026 KINGFISHER PLC (the 'Company') Admission of Further Shares to Trading In accordance with the FCA's Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market (PRM) sourcebook 1.6.4R, the Company announces that the following shares have been admitted to trading under an existing block admission for the Company's ShareSave Plan, dated October 2025: 1 Details of the issuer a) Name Kingfisher plc b) Legal entity identifier (LEI) 213800KBMEV7I92FY281 2 Details of the transferable securities admitted to trading a) Regulated market London Stock Exchange's Main Market b) Name, type and ISIN of the securities Ordinary shares of 15 5/7 pence each ('Shares') ISIN: GB0033195214 c) Number of further Shares admitted to trading covered by this notification 128,003 d) Total number of Shares admitted to trading following further issuance 1,648,945,095 e) Fungibility Fully fungible with existing Shares 3 Issue and admission details a) Date range covered by this notification Issued on various dates between 7 July 2026 and 2 September 2026. b) Prospectus information N/A Daniel Rose Deputy Company Secretary secretariat@kingfisher.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and