BETA Close X Kingfisher plc has completed the second tranche of its £300 million share repurchase programme, acquiring 16,124,103 shares for £50 million to be cancelled. This brings the total returned to shareholders under the programme to £125 million, with further tranches to be announced. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 03 September 2026 KINGFISHER PLC Completion of second tranche of share repurchase programme Kingfisher plc (" Kingfisher ") announces that the second tranche of the £300m share repurchase programme announced on 24 March 2026, to purchase its shares for cancellation, has now completed. Goldman Sachs International, who undertook the second tranche on Kingfisher's behalf (as announced on 16 July 2026), purchased 16,124,103 shares for a total consideration of £50m. As a result, Kingfisher has now returned £125m of the £300m share repurchase programme. Further details on the third tranche of the share repurchase programme will be announced in due course. Contacts Tel: Email: Group Company Secretariat +44 (0) 20 7372 8008 secretariat@kingfisher.com Investor Relations +44 (0) 20 7644 1082 investorenquiries@kingfisher.com Treasury +44 (0) 20 7372 8008 treasury@kingfisher.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and