BETA Close X Nils Swolkień, CEO of Castorama Poland, has acquired 17,337 ordinary shares of Kingfisher plc on June 1, 2026, outside of a trading venue. This acquisition resulted from the automatic vesting of a conditional share award granted under the Kingfisher Performance Share Plan, with no price paid for these shares. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 02 June 2026 KINGFISHER PLC (the 'Company') NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES This notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Natural person: Nils Swolkień 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status: CEO Castorama Poland b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the Issuer a) Name Kingfisher plc b) Legal Entity Identifier: 213800KBMEV7I92FY281 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument (Identification code) Kingfisher plc ordinary shares of 15 5/7 pence each ('Shares') (ISIN: GB0033195214) b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares following the automatic vesting of a conditional share award granted under the Kingfisher Performance Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 17,337 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 17,337 Nil e) Date of the transaction (YYYY - MM - DD) 2026-06-01 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and