BETA Close X Kingfisher PLC announced the appointment of Eve Henrikson as a Non-Executive Director, effective September 1, 2026, bringing extensive experience in consumer-facing digital enterprises from her roles at Booking.com and Uber Eats, which is seen as strategically important for the company's e-commerce focus. Additionally, Bill Lennie will join the Remuneration Committee as a member starting April 1, 2026, while continuing his role as a Non-Executive Director. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 31 March 2026 KINGFISHER PLC DIRECTORATE CHANGE Kingfisher plc ('Kingfisher', the 'Company') today announces the appointment of Eve Henrikson to its Board of Directors as a Non-Executive Director, effective 1 September 2026. Eve is currently Senior Vice President of Trips at Booking.com, responsible for the expansion and growth of travel beyond accommodations, overseeing global teams including strategy, commercial, product and technology. She was previously Regional General Manager for Uber Eats, leading the Uber Delivery business across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and prior to that, held various roles at Tesco, including Managing Director, Online. Eve is also Non-Executive Director at Sonae, a Euronext listed portfolio business, and holds an MBA from London Business School. Commenting on Eve's appointment, Claudia Arney, Chair of Kingfisher's Board, said: "Eve brings significant expertise in managing consumer-facing digital enterprises across the retail and technology sectors. Given the strategic importance of e-commerce to our business, we are delighted to welcome someone of Eve's calibre and experience to the Board. We look forward to her contributions to the work of the Board as we execute our strategic priorities." In addition, effective 1 April 2026, Bill Lennie has been appointed as a member of the Company's Remuneration Committee, while continuing as a Non-Executive Director of the Board. There are no further matters to be disclosed in respect of Eve's appointment under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Enquiries: Contacts: Tel: Email: Investor Relations +44 (0) 20 7644 1082 investorenquiries@kingfisher.com Media Relations +44 (0) 20 7644 1030 corpcomms@kingfisher.com Company Secretariat +44 (0) 20 7644 1082 secretariat@kingfisher.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and