BETA Close X Kingfisher PLC has published its Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026, which will be held on Friday, 26 June 2026, at 10am at No.11 Cavendish Square, London. Shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications will receive a hard copy of the notice and form of proxy. The AGM notice and form of proxy have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available for inspection. Disclaimer* Kingfisher PLC 14 April 2026 KINGFISHER PLC (the 'Company') Publication of Notice of Annual General Meeting The Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 (the 'AGM Notice') has today been published on the Company's website: www.kingfisher.com/agm . A hard copy version of the AGM Notice and Form of Proxy will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications from today. The Annual General Meeting (the 'AGM') will be held on Friday, 26 June 2026 at 10am at No.11 Cavendish Square, London, W1G 0AN. Full details on how to attend the AGM are contained in the AGM Notice. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R, a copy of the AGM Notice and the associated Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Group Company Secretariat Tel: +44 (0) 20 7372 8008 Kingfisher plc 1 Paddington Square, London W2 1GG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kingfisher (KGF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and