Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement On February 12, 2026, Carnival plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Company”), entered into Amendment No. 1 (the “Amendment”) to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2003 (the “Deposit Agreement”), among the Company, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Depositary (the “Depositary”), and all holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) issued thereunder. The Amendment amended the termination provisions of the Deposit Agreement to provide that the Deposit Agreement will terminate: (i) upon 30 days’ notice from the Company to the Depositary; (ii) immediately and automatically upon consummation of the proposed unification of the Carnival Corporation and the Company’s dual listed company arrangement and the migration of Carnival Corporation from Panama to Bermuda; (iii) upon 30 days’ notice from the Depositary to the holders if (A) 60 days have passed since the Depositary has provided notice of its resignation as Depositary to the Company and the Company has not appointed a successor depositary, (B) 60 days have passed since the Company has provided notice of its intention to remove or replace the Depositary and the Company has not appointed a successor depositary, (C) the Company is bankrupt, in liquidation proceedings or insolvent, (D) the ADRs are delisted from the New York Stock Exchange and/or the Company’s ordinary shares are delisted from the London Stock Exchange, (E) the Company redeems all or substantially all of the deposited securities, (F) there are no deposited securities remaining, or (G) there occurs a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other transaction as a result of which securities or other property are delivered in exchange for or in lieu of deposited securities; or (iii) if required by law. Following termination of the Deposit Agreement due to clause (ii) above, if applicable, the Depositary will use its reasonable efforts to distribute common shares of Carnival Corporation Ltd. (“New Carnival Shares”) to the holders with respect to the ordinary shares of the Company represented by each such holder’s ADRs. If the Depositary is unable to distribute New Carnival Shares to a holder with respect to such holder’s ADRs, the Depositary may seek to sell such holder’s remaining deposited securities and distribute or hold in an account the net proceeds of such sale, net of fees owed to the Depositary, in trust (without interest) for the pro rata benefit of each holder entitled thereto. The Amendment also made certain technical changes to the Deposit Agreement and conforming changes to the Form of ADR attached as Exhibit A thereto. A copy of the Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. The information in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.03. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Amendment No 1 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement, among Carnival plc, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Depositary, and all holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder, including the Form of ADR attached as Exhibit A thereto. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each of the registrants has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. CARNIVAL CORPORATION CARNIVAL PLC By: /s/ Enrique Miguez By: /s/ Enrique Miguez Name: Enrique Miguez Name: Enrique Miguez Title: General Counsel Title: General Counsel Date: February 12, 2026 Date: February 12, 2026