Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Indenture On October 15, 2025, Carnival Corporation (the “Company”) closed its previously announced private offering (the “Notes Offering”) of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the “Notes”). The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2025 (the “Indenture”), among the Company, Carnival plc, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The Company will use the proceeds from the Notes Offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of its outstanding 6.000% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the “2029 Unsecured Notes”). The Notes will mature on May 1, 2029 unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. Interest on the Notes will accrue from October 15, 2025 and is payable in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2026, at a rate of 5.125% per year. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Carnival plc and certain of the Company’s and Carnival plc’s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiary Guarantors”) that also guarantee certain of the Company’s existing secured indebtedness, certain of its unsecured notes and its convertible notes. In the future, each of the Company’s and Carnival plc’s subsidiaries that becomes an issuer, borrower, obligor or guarantor of certain other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company, Carnival plc or any Subsidiary Guarantor will be required to guarantee the Notes, subject to certain exceptions. Prior to February 1, 2029, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus a “make whole” premium and accrued and unpaid interest. On or after February 1, 2029, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Indenture contains certain restrictions on liens, mergers, consolidations and transfers of substantially all of the Company’s or Carnival plc’s assets. Additionally, upon the occurrence of specified change of control triggering events, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the purchase date. The Indenture sets forth certain events of default after which the Notes may be declared immediately due and payable and sets forth certain types of bankruptcy or insolvency events of default after which the Notes become automatically due and payable. The Notes were offered only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or to .S. investors in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes were not, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On October 15, 2025, the Company issued a notice of redemption for all of the $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 2029 Unsecured Notes to be redeemed on November 1, 2025 (the “Redemption Date”) at a redemption price equal to 101.500% of the principal amount of the 2029 Unsecured Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. On October 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Notes Offering and the issuance of the notice of redemption. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. Neither this current report nor the press release constitutes a notice of redemption with respect to the 2029 Unsecured Notes. The press release includes statements. See “Cautionary Note Concerning Statements” within the press release for additional information. The Company is furnishing the information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, to comply with Regulation FD. Such information shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company’s filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc dated October 15, 2025. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each of the registrants has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. CARNIVAL CORPORATION CARNIVAL PLC By: /s/ David Bernstein By: /s/ David Bernstein Name: David Bernstein Name: David Bernstein Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Date: October 15, 2025 Date: October 15, 2025