BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc announced the pricing of a private offering of $1.25 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029. The company intends to use the proceeds, along with available cash, to redeem $2.0 billion of its 6.000% senior unsecured notes also due in 2029. Interest on the new notes will be paid semi-annually, beginning May 1, 2026, on May 1 and November 1 of each year. The notes, maturing on May 1, 2029, will be unsecured and guaranteed by Carnival plc and certain subsidiaries. The offering is expected to close on October 15, 2025, and is part of a strategy to reduce interest expenses. Disclaimer* Carnival Corporation & plc Announces Pricing of $1.25 Billion 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Offering Proceeds from the offering of senior unsecured notes, together with cash on hand, to be used to redeem $2.0 billion of 6.000% senior unsecured notes due 2029 MIAMI, Sept. 30, 2025 -- Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) today announced that Carnival Corporation (the "Company") priced its private offering (the "Notes Offering") of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "Notes"). The Company expects to use the proceeds from the Notes Offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem its $2.0 billion 6.000% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "2029 Unsecured Notes") after the closing of the Notes Offering. The transaction is a continuation of the Company's strategy to reduce interest expense. In addition, the indenture that will govern the Notes will have investment grade-style covenants. The Notes Offering is expected to close on October 15, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The Notes will pay interest semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2026 at a rate of 5.125% per year. The Notes will be unsecured and will mature on May 1, 2029. The Notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis, jointly and severally, by Carnival plc and certain of the Company's and Carnival plc's subsidiaries that also guarantee our first-priority secured indebtedness, certain of our other unsecured notes and our convertible notes. This press release does not constitute a notice of redemption with respect to the 2029 Unsecured Notes. The Notes are being offered only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and outside the United States, only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase the Notes or any other securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Carnival Corporation & plc Carnival Corporation & plc is the largest global cruise company, and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines - AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, the financing transactions described herein, future results, operations, outlooks, plans, goals, reputation, cash flows and liquidity and other events which have not yet occurred. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Factors that could affect our results include, among others, those discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Investor Relations page of our website at www.carnivalcorp.com/investors/ or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this release, which are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. SOURCE Carnival Corporation & plc CONTACT: Carnival Corporation & plc Media Contact: Jody Venturoni, Carnival Corporation, jventuroni@carnival.com, (469) 797-6380, Carnival Corporation & plc Investor Relations Contact: Beth Roberts, Carnival Corporation, eroberts@carnival.com, (305) 406-4832 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and