BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc has announced its quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 U.S. per share, payable on February 27, 2026, to shareholders of record on February 13, 2026. Holders of Carnival Corporation common stock or Carnival plc ADSs will receive the dividend in U.S. dollars, while Carnival plc ordinary shares will receive the dividend in sterling, converted at an exchange rate of US$1 to 73.72457 pence, resulting in a dividend of 11.05869 pence per share. Disclaimer* Carnival Corporation & plc Announces Exchange Rate for Quarterly Dividend Dividend at an initial rate of $0.15 (U.S.) per share payable on February 27, 2026 MIAMI, Feb. 18, 2026 -- On December 19, 2025, Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 (U.S.) per share. The dividend is payable on February 27, 2026, to shareholders of record on February 13, 2026. Holders of Carnival Corporation common stock or Carnival plc ADSs will receive the dividend payable in U.S. dollars. The dividend for Carnival plc ordinary shares will be payable in sterling unless shareholders elected to receive the dividend in U.S. dollars by February 13, 2026. Dividends payable in sterling will be converted from U.S. dollars at the exchange rate quoted by Bloomberg (BFIX) at 12 noon London time on February 17, 2026 (US$1 = 73.72457 pence). Accordingly, the $0.15 (U.S.) per share dividend payable in sterling on February 27, 2026, will be 11.05869 pence per share. About Carnival Corporation & plc Carnival Corporation & plc is the largest global cruise company and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines – AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. For more information, please visit www .carnivalcorp.com , www.aida.de , www.carnival.com , www. costacruise s . com , www.cunard.com , www.hollandamerica.com , www.pocruises.com , www.princess.com and www.seabourn.com . CONTACT: Carnival Corporation Investor Relations Contact, Beth Roberts, Carnival Corporation, ir@carnival.com; Carnival Corporation Media Contacts, Jody Venturoni, Carnival Corporation, jventuroni@carnival.com, Janna Rowell, Carnival Corporation, jrowell@carnival.com AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and