Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 46 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 86 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 86 Item 9B. Other Information 86 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 86 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 87 Item 11. Executive Compensation 88 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 88 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 89 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 89 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 96 2 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this document are “ statements” that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future results, operations, outlooks, plans, goals, reputation, cash flows, liquidity and other events which have not yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed . These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like “will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “depends,” “expect,” “goal,” “aspiration,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “project,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “indicate,” “outlook,” and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. statements include those statements that relate to our outlook and financial position including, but not limited to, statements regarding: • Pricing • Goodwill, ship and trademark fair values • Booking levels • Liquidity and credit ratings • Occupancy • Investment grade leverage metrics • Interest, tax and fuel expenses • Estimates of ship depreciable lives and residual values • Currency exchange rates • Adjusted return on invested capital (“ROIC”) Because statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our statements. This note contains important cautionary statements of the known factors that we consider could materially affect the accuracy of our statements and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: • Events and conditions around the world, including geopolitical uncertainty, war and other military actions, pandemics, inflation, higher fuel prices, higher interest rates and other general concerns impacting the ability or desire of people to travel could lead to a decline in demand for cruises as well as have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operations. • Incidents concerning our ships, guests or the cruise industry may negatively impact the satisfaction of our guests and crew and lead to reputational damage. • Changes in and with laws and regulations under which we operate, such as those relating to health, environment, safety and security, data privacy and protection, laundering, , economic sanctions, trade protection, labor and employment, and tax may be costly and lead to litigation, enforcement actions, fines, penalties and reputational damage. • Factors associated with climate change, including evolving and increasing regulations, increasing global concern about climate change and the shift in climate conscious consumerism and stakeholder scrutiny, and increasing frequency and/or severity of adverse weather conditions could have a material impact on our business. • Inability to meet or achieve our targets, goals, aspirations, initiatives, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, including those related to sustainability matters, may expose us to risks that may adversely impact our business. • Cybersecurity incidents and data privacy breaches, as well as disruptions and other damages to our principal offices, information technology operations and system networks and failure to keep pace with developments in technology have adversely impacted and may in the future materially adversely impact our business operations, the satisfaction of our guests and crew and may lead to fines, penalties and reputational damage. • The loss of key team members, our inability to recruit or retain qualified shoreside and shipboard team members and increased labor costs could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. • Increases in fuel prices, changes in the types of fuel consumed and availability of fuel supply may adversely impact our scheduled itineraries and costs. • We rely on suppliers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. These suppliers and service providers may be unable to deliver on their commitments, which could negatively impact our business. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial results. • Overcapacity and competition in the cruise and vacation industry may negatively impact our cruise sales, pricing and destination options. • Inability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments may adversely 3 impact our business operations and the satisfaction of our guests. • We require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain our operations. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors, including those beyond our control, and we may not be able to generate cash required to service our debt and sustain our operations. • Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and operating flexibility. The ordering of the risk factors set forth above is not intended to reflect our indication of priority or likelihood. Additionally, many of these risks and uncertainties are currently, and in the future may continue to be, amplified by our substantial debt balance incurred during the pause of our guest cruise operations. There may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant stock exchange rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this document, any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. and other statements in this document may also address our sustainability progress, plans, and goals (including climate change- and environmental-related matters). In addition, historical, current, and sustainability- and statements may be based on standards and tools for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions and predictions that are subject to change in the future and may not be generally shared. Adjusted ROIC provides additional information to us and investors about our operating performance relative to the capital we have invested in the company. We define adjusted ROIC as the adjusted net income (loss) before interest expense and interest income divided by the monthly average of debt plus equity minus construction- , excess cash, goodwill and intangibles. 4 PART I Item 1. Business . A. Overview I. Summary Carnival Corporation was incorporated in Panama in 1974 and Carnival plc was incorporated in England and Wales in 2000. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc operate a dual listed company (“DLC”), whereby the businesses of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are combined through a number of contracts and through provisions in Carnival Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation and and Carnival plc’s Articles of Association. The two companies operate as if they are a single economic enterprise with a single executive management team and identical Boards of Directors, but each has retained its separate legal identity. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are both public companies with separate stock exchange listings and their own shareholders. Together with their consolidated subsidiaries, Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are referred to collectively in this Form 10-K as “Carnival Corporation & plc,” “company,” “our,” “us” and “we.” We are the largest global cruise company, and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of cruise lines - AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises (Australia), P&O Cruises (UK), Princess Cruises and Seabourn. During 2024, we announced that we will sunset the P&O Cruises (Australia) brand and fold its Australia operations into Carnival Cruise Line in March 2025. II. Purpose & Mission, Vision, Values and Priorities Purpose & Mission To deliver unforgettable happiness to our guests by providing extraordinary cruise vacations, while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. Vision As the global leader in the cruise industry, we will lead the way in innovative and sustainable cruising to deliver memorable vacations and build borderless connections. Culture Essentials (our Core Values) • Speak Up - Our voice is our strength. Every one of us, regardless of level or role, speaks up when we have questions, comments, concerns, or new ideas. If we see something wrong or that does not seem right, we say something and trust our voices will be heard without fear of retaliation. • Respect & Protect - The health, safety and of our people and the planet are vital. We choose to take decisive actions to respect and protect every life we touch, the places we sail and the laws that govern us. • Empower - We and our team members have the time, tools and support we need to do our best work. We are empowered to take personal ownership and accountability to succeed, and we take pride in our work. • Improve - Our business is built on forward motion. We have the courage to dream big, driving innovation and continuous improvement in guest and team member experiences, operations, compliance, sustainability and beyond. • Listen & Learn - We listen actively and seek to understand before responding, because the more perspectives we have, the better decisions we make. We value and respect the words and ideas of others, keeping an open mind, and learning from our successes and failures. • Communicate - We openly share our knowledge, skills and information across brands, functions and the entire company to further our collective success. Together we champion our purpose & mission, vision, values and company priorities. 5 Priorities Ensure each of our brands owns its space in the vacation market by delivering extraordinary experiences tailored to its guests. We understand vacation expectations and preferences vary widely among our diverse audience of potential guests. To fulfill our purpose & mission, and in the process achieve outstanding guest satisfaction levels, demand and improved pricing, each of our brands must carve out a distinct identity for delivering cruise experiences. Our brands must effectively market their uniqueness to existing and potential guests and deliver on their promise across the entire guest journey. Become travel and leisure’s employer of choice. We celebrate our diverse team of over 160,000 team members representing approximately 150 countries and are committed to providing a welcoming and inclusive environment where people from different backgrounds, experiences and walks of life can succeed. We care deeply for our team members and must always cultivate an atmosphere of openness, respect and trust. We know our team members are at the heart of inspiring unforgettable happiness, so we strive to be the world’s choice for hospitality, travel and leisure careers. Maintain our commitment to seek excellence in compliance, environmental protection and in looking after the safety, health and of every life we touch. Achieving our purpose & mission depends on being good corporate citizens and stewards of the environment. Safeguarding the planet we call home, our guests, the communities we serve, and our Carnival family, and complying with the laws and regulations that govern our business, is vital to our success. Set the pace with the industry’s smartest solutions that deliver on our sustainability roadmap to 2030. Our earth, ecosystem and environment are vital to our success. Without the incredible communities and scenic spaces we operate in, our purpose & mission of inspiring unforgettable happiness would be impossible. We are determined to lead the way in sustainable cruising by promoting positive climate action, contributing to a circular economy, partnering with the communities we sail to and from and reducing our environmental footprint. To do this, we are investing in technology upgrades and fleet improvements, piloting alternative fuel types and optimizing itineraries. Strengthen our balance sheet and deliver shareholder value. In recent years, travel and leisure has endured volatility unlike anything seen in modern history, including unique obstacles that disproportionately affected the cruise industry. With our operations now at full strength and the continued support of our guests, team members, investors and other stakeholders, we are focused on our financial fitness. We are determined to drive revenue, operate effectively and efficiently at scale, generate record levels of cash from operations and invest our capital wisely. We believe this will allow us to responsibly reduce our debt over time, improve our return on invested capital as well as return to leverage metrics. B. Global Cruise Industry I. Overview Cruising offers a broad range of products and services to suit vacationing guests of many ages, backgrounds and interests. Each brand in our portfolio meets the needs of a distinct set of consumer psychographics and vacation needs which allows us to penetrate large addressable customer segments. The mobility of cruise ships enables us to move our vessels between regions in order to meet changing demand across different geographic areas. Cruise brands can be broadly classified as offering contemporary, premium and luxury cruise experiences. The contemporary experience appeals to a broad segment of the cruise vacation industry, including families with children of all ages, features a variety of activities and entertainment venues and historically includes cruises that last seven days or less. The premium experience emphasizes quality, comfort, style and more destination-focused itineraries. The premium experience generally includes cruises that last from seven to 14 days. The luxury experience is generally characterized by very high standards of accommodation and service, smaller vessel size and exotic itineraries to ports that are inaccessible by larger ships. We have product and service offerings in each of these three broad classifications. 6 II. Passenger Capacity by Ocean Going Vessels Passenger Capacity as of December 31 (a) (b) Calendar Year Global Cruise Industry (c) Carnival Corporation & plc 2021 636,270 253,950 2022 663,970 259,060 2023 701,110 263,300 2024 733,010 269,970 2025 777,700 272,380 2026 801,450 272,380 2027 823,630 277,710 (a) 2025-2027 data is estimated based on announced newbuilds and ship retirements. (b) In accordance with cruise industry practice, passenger capacity is calculated based on the assumption of two passengers per cabin even though some cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. (c) Global cruise industry data was obtained from Cruise Industry News. III. Competition We compete with vacation alternatives throughout the world, such as hotels, resorts (including resorts), theme parks, organized tours, casinos, vacation ownership properties, and other alternative lodging sites. Based on 2024 Cruise Industry News statistics, as of December 31, 2024, we, along with our principal cruise competitors Royal Caribbean Group, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd. and MSC Cruises, represented approximately 80% of the cruise industry capacity. 7 C. Our Global Cruise Business I. Segment and Brand Information November 30, 2024 Passenger Capacity Percentage of Total Capacity Number of Cruise Ships North America and Australia (“NAA”) Segment Carnival Cruise Line 89,100 (a) 33 % 27 Princess Cruises 50,580 19 % 16 Holland America Line 22,920 8 % 11 P&O Cruises (Australia) 7,230 (a) 3 % 3 Seabourn 2,640 1 % 6 172,490 64 % 63 Europe Segment Costa Cruises (“Costa”) 31,140 12 % 9 AIDA Cruises (“AIDA”) 32,280 12 % 11 P&O Cruises (UK) 24,300 9 % 7 Cunard 9,770 4 % 4 97,490 36 % 31 269,970 100 % 94 (a) During 2024, we announced that we will sunset the P&O Cruises (Australia) brand and fold its Australia operations into Carnival Cruise Line in March 2025. Pacific Encounter and Pacific Adventure will be transferred to Carnival Cruise Line in early 2025 and Pacific Explorer is expected to leave the fleet in February 2025. We also have a Cruise Support segment that includes our portfolio of leading port destinations and exclusive islands as well as other services, all of which are operated for the benefit of our cruise brands. In addition to our cruise operations, we own Holland America Princess Alaska Tours, the leading tour company in Alaska and the Canadian Yukon, which complements our Alaska cruise operations. Our tour company owns and operates hotels, lodges, railcars and motorcoaches which comprise our Tour and Other segment. II. Ships Under Contract for Construction As of November 30, 2024, we have a total of six cruise ships expected to be delivered through 2033. Our ship construction contracts are with Fincantieri in Italy and Meyer Werft in Germany. Expected Delivery Date Passenger Capacity Lower Berth Carnival Cruise Line Newbuild April 2027 5,330 Newbuild March 2028 5,330 Newbuild July 2029 6,160 Newbuild July 2031 6,160 Newbuild June 2033 6,160 Princess Cruises Star Princess September 2025 4,310 8 III. Descriptions of Cruise Brands Carnival Cruise Line is “The World’s Most Popular Cruise Line®” and has provided family entertainment at exceptional value to its guests for over 50 years. Carnival Cruise Line creates an environment where guests can be their most playful selves on ships that are designed to inspire the experience of bringing people together, with limitless opportunities for guests to create their own fun. During 2024, we announced that we will sunset the P&O Cruises (Australia) brand and fold its Australia operations into Carnival Cruise Line in March 2025. Pacific Encounter and Pacific Adventure will be transferred to Carnival Cruise Line in early 2025 and Pacific Explorer is expected to leave the fleet in February 2025. Princess Cruises is The Love Boat®, the brand that introduced the world to the elegance and romance of cruising and has delivered dream vacations to millions of guests for nearly 60 years in the most destinations. Princess combines extraordinary large ship amenities with elite service personalization and simplicity to create meaningful connections and unforgettable moments in the most incredible settings across the globe. Holland America Line has been exploring the world for over 150 years with expertly crafted itineraries, extraordinary service and genuine connections to destinations. Holland America Line visits over 100 countries around the world and has shared the thrill of Alaska with guests for more than 75 years with its ideal ships. Guests enjoy extraordinary entertainment at sea and dining venues featuring exclusive dishes by chefs. Seabourn, a leader in cruising, sails to legendary cities and ports. Intimate ships with a atmosphere, allow guests to discover the unexpected—about the world and about themselves. Guests enjoy all suites and gourmet dining as they wish. Seabourn creates moments of surprise and delight known as “Seabourn Moments” in an environment that fosters building meaningful connections with fellow travelers, crew members and the communities they visit. Seabourn’s fleet includes two expedition ships offering amenities such as submarines, Zodiacs® and kayaks. 9 For over 75 years, Costa has brought wonder to guests’ lives, allowing them to discover unique destinations and experiences both onboard and onshore. Costa's warm hospitality and onboard services feature a true European touch and Italian passion, setting Costa apart from any other cruise experience. AIDA is the most recognized brand in the German cruise market. Its ships visit many beautiful destinations around the world and bring together people of all ages. AIDA inspires guests with excellent service and a variety of extraordinary experiences. The smile on the bow of the ships represents the unique AIDA attitude on life — relaxed, friendly, colorful, cosmopolitan and uncomplicated. P&O Cruises (UK) is Britain’s largest cruise line and its heritage can be traced back over 185 years. P&O Cruises (UK) welcomes guests to extraordinary travel experiences designed in a distinctively British way - through a blend of discovery, relaxation and exceptional service catered towards British tastes. P&O Cruises (UK)’s fleet of premium ships deliver authentic travel experiences around the globe, combining style, quality and innovation with a sense of occasion and attention to detail, to create a truly memorable holiday. For nearly 185 years, the iconic Cunard fleet has perfected the timeless art of luxury ocean travel. Cunard’s distinct voyages are meticulously crafted to offer fine dining and bars, unique entertainment, and the famous White Star Service®, comfort and style. A pioneer in transatlantic journeys and World Voyages, its destinations also include Europe, the Caribbean and Alaska. IV. Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property We own, use and/or have registered or licensed numerous trademarks, patents and patent pending designs and technology, copyrights and domain names, which have considerable value and some of which are widely recognized throughout the world. These intangible assets enable us to distinguish our cruise products and services, ships and programs from those of our competitors. We own or license the trademarks for the trade names of our cruise brands, each of which we believe is a brand in the cruise industry, as well as our ship names and a wide variety of cruise products and services. 10 V. Passengers Carried by Principal Source Geographic Areas Carnival Corporation & plc Passengers Carried (in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Brands’ Main Source Markets United States and Canada 7,938 7,410 5,140 Carnival Cruise Line, Cunard, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises and Seabourn Continental Europe 2,702 2,590 1,610 AIDA and Costa United Kingdom 1,087 970 660 Cunard and P&O Cruises (UK) Australia and New Zealand 1,027 940 230 Carnival Cruise Line, P&O Cruises (Australia) and Princess Cruises Other 754 550 90 Total 13,509 12,460 7,730 Data for 2022 is not representative of a full year of operations. VI. Cruise Programs Carnival Corporation & plc Percentage of Passenger Capacity by Itinerary 2025 2024 2023 Caribbean 34 % 34 % 31 % Europe without Mediterranean 16 17 17 Mediterranean 14 13 15 Alaska 6 6 7 Australia and New Zealand 6 7 7 Other 24 23 24 100 % 100 % 100 % VII. Cruise Pricing and Payment Terms Each of our cruise brands establishes pricing for the upcoming seasons which are made available primarily through the internet, although published materials and electronic communications are also used. Prices vary depending on a number of factors, including the source market, category of guest accommodation, ship, season, duration and itinerary. We offer a variety of special promotions, including early booking, past guest recognition and travel agent programs. Our bookings are generally taken several months in advance of the cruise departure date. Typically, the longer the cruise itinerary, the further in advance the bookings are made. This lead time allows us to manage our prices in relation to guest demand and the number of available cabins through our revenue management capabilities and other initiatives. The cruise ticket price typically includes the following: • Accommodations • Most meals, including snacks at numerous venues • Access to amenities such as swimming pools, water slides, water parks, whirlpools, a health club, and sun decks • Childcare and supervised youth programs • Entertainment, such as theatrical and comedy shows, live music and nightclubs • Visits to multiple destinations 11 We offer value added packages to induce ticket sales to guests and groups and to encourage the advance purchase of certain onboard items. These packages are bundled with cruise tickets and sold to guests for a single price rather than as a separate package and may include one or more of the following: • Beverage packages • Internet packages • Shore excursions • Photo packages • Air packages • Onboard spending credits • Specialty restaurants • Service charges Our brands’ payment terms generally require that a guest pay a deposit to confirm their reservation and then pay the balance due before the departure date. VIII. Seasonality Our passenger ticket revenues are seasonal. Demand for cruises has been greatest during our third quarter, which includes the Northern Hemisphere summer months. This higher demand during the third quarter results in higher ticket prices and occupancy levels and, accordingly, the largest share of our operating income is typically earned during this period. Our results are also impacted by ships being taken for planned maintenance, which we schedule during seasons. In addition, substantially all of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours’ revenue and operating income is generated from May through September in conjunction with Alaska’s cruise season. IX. Onboard and Other Revenues Onboard and other activities are provided either directly by us or by independent concessionaires, from which we receive either a percentage of their revenues or a fee. Concession revenues do not have direct expenses because the costs and services incurred for concession revenues are borne by our concessionaires. In 2024, we earned 34% of our cruise revenues from onboard and other revenue goods and services including: • Beverage sales • Internet and communication services • Casino gaming • spas • Shore excursions • Specialty restaurants • Retail sales • Art sales • Photo sales • Laundry and services 12 X. Port Destinations and Exclusive Islands We operate a portfolio of port destinations and exclusive islands enabling us to offer exceptional experiences to 6.5 million guests by creating a wide variety of destinations that are uniquely tailored to our guests’ preferences. In addition, to secure preferential berth access to ports, we enter into berthing agreements and commitments. We recently announced plans to enhance Half Moon Cay, our highly rated and exclusive Bahamian destination. The enhancements will lean further into this destination’s natural beauty and pristine appeal, reinforcing its new name – RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay. Featuring a newly constructed pier that is expected to open in the summer of 2026, the destination will allow two ships to dock, including Carnival Cruise Line’s largest ships that will be able to visit for the first time. During 2024, we continued construction on our new exclusive cruise port destination, Celebration Key, which is expected to open in the summer of 2025, with an additional pier opening in the fall of 2026. Celebration Key, located on the south side of Grand Bahama Island, will welcome guests to a stunning beach and further expands our experience offerings with an abundance of features and amenities for our guests. Once the additional pier is completed, Celebration Key will be able to accommodate up to four of our cruise ships simultaneously. Additionally, our investment in Celebration Key will support our efforts to design more energy efficient itineraries based on its location and will be a strategic addition to our current portfolio of six owned or operated ports and destinations: • Puerta Maya in Cozumel, Mexico • Grand Turk Cruise Center in Turks & Caicos • Mahogany Bay in Isla Roatan, Honduras • Amber Cove in the Dominican Republic • RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay, an exclusive island in The Bahamas • Princess Cays, an exclusive island in The Bahamas XI. Marketing Activities Guest feedback and research support the development of our overall marketing and business strategies to drive demand for cruises and increase the number of cruisers. Our goal has always been to increase consumer awareness for cruise vacations and further grow our share of their vacation spend. We proactively gather and evaluate guest feedback about their cruise experiences for valuable insights on key drivers of guest loyalty and satisfaction, with a focus on continuous improvement. We closely monitor our net promoter scores, which reflect the likelihood that our guests will recommend our brands’ cruise products and services to friends and family, including those . During 2024, we increased our marketing and advertising programs, driving even greater demand across our portfolio of cruise lines. Each of our cruise lines is focused on creating further brand differentiation and clarity around its unique value proposition, executing on a range of carefully targeted, marketing and advertising programs to reach its optimal market segment of new and loyal guests and travel agent partners. Among these programs are increasingly effective digital performance marketing and lead generation approaches that have attracted new guests online by leveraging the reach and impact of digital marketing and social media. We have also invested in new marketing technologies to deliver more engaging and personalized communications, further enhancing their effectiveness. Collectively through these programs, we have cultivated cruising advocates creating demand and preference for our brands, ships, itineraries and onboard products and services. In addition, substantially all of our cruise brands offer guest loyalty and recognition programs that motivate future purchases from our repeat guests. Each brand strategically leverages its catalog of rewards and incentives to bring repeat guests back time and again with finely honed offers, such as special fares, onboard activity discounts, complimentary laundry and internet services, expedited ship embarkation and disembarkation and special onboard activities. XII. Sales Channels We sell our cruises through travel agents, tour operators, company vacation planners, our websites and onboard future cruise consultants. Our individual cruise brands’ relationships with their travel agent partners are generally independent of each of our other brands. Our travel agents’ relationships are generally not exclusive and travel agents generally receive a base commission, plus the potential of additional commissions, including discounts or complimentary tour conductor cabins, based on the achievement of sales terms. Travel agent partners are an integral part of our cruise distribution network and are critical to our success. We utilize local sales teams to motivate travel agents to support our products and services with competitive pricing, promotional policies 13 and joint marketing and advertising programs. During 2024, no group of travel agencies under common control accounted for 10% or more of our revenues. We also employ a wide variety of educational programs, including websites, seminars and videos, to train agents on our cruise brands and their products and services. In 2024, we held a variety of trainings and educational programs to continue to support and develop our travel agent partners, including ship visits to familiarize our travel agent partners with our products and services. All of our brands have internet booking engines to allow travel agents to book our cruises. Additionally, all of our cruise brands have their own consumer websites that provide access to information about their products and services to users and enable their guests to quickly and easily book cruises and other products and services online. These sites interface with our brands’ social networks, blogs and other social media sites, which allow them to develop greater contact and interaction with their guests before, during and after their cruise. We also employ vacation planners and onboard future cruise consultants who support our sales initiatives by offering our guests cruise planning expertise and other services. XIII. Suppliers To provide an exceptional cruise experience for our guests, we source significant quantities of goods and services from a global supply base. In addition, we incur significant capital expenditures for materials to support the refurbishment and enhancements of our vessels as well as to build new ships. We approach our spend strategically and look for suppliers who demonstrate the ability to help us leverage our scale in terms of cost, quality, service, innovation and sustainability. Our supply base is diverse and many of our suppliers provide goods and services across our portfolio of brands. We have continued to map our supply chains and evaluate risks, including the categories of products and services sourced and their geographic locations. We strive to build strong relationships with our suppliers based on shared values. Our Business Partner Code of Conduct applies to all of our suppliers and other business partners. It outlines our expectation that our suppliers will respect and follow applicable laws and regulations and promote ethical decisions in all aspects of their business. We have also established a Responsible and Sustainable Sourcing Policy (“RSSP”) that builds on existing policies, such as our Business Partner Code of Conduct, and our human rights and environmental policies. RSSP establishes a framework that helps us monitor compliance with our standards and helps our business partners, including suppliers, meet our requirements for compliance and progress towards industry best practices. It is designed to ensure that our sourcing practices align with our values of social responsibility and environmental stewardship. RSSP addresses labor, environmental, business ethics, management systems and health and safety risks. It also covers sustainability priorities such as sustainable food ingredients, animal welfare and sustainable shore excursions. In recent years, global supply markets and supply chains have been impacted by certain global events and increased inflation, impacting our operations and profitability. While we have experienced stabilization in supply markets and easing of inflation, we continue to apply a number of different strategies to mitigate the impact of these challenges on our operations, including extending our demand planning, placing purchase orders earlier to secure supply, leveraging our enterprise scale through agreements, utilizing or contracts as needed, seeking alternative sources, utilizing substitute products and leveraging our supplier relationships. XIV. Human Capital Management and Employees Our shipboard and shoreside employees are sourced from approximately 150 countries. In 2024, we had an average of 100,000 employees onboard our ships, excluding employees on leave. Our shoreside operations had an annual average of 12,000 and 3,000 /seasonal employees. Holland America Princess Alaska Tours significantly increases its work force during the late spring and summer months in connection with Alaska’s cruise season. We have entered into agreements with unions covering certain employees on our ships and in our shoreside hotel and transportation operations. The percentages of our shipboard and shoreside employees that are represented by collective bargaining agreements are 52% and 22%, respectively. We consider our employee and union relationships to be strong. A team of highly motivated and engaged employees is key to providing extraordinary cruise vacations. To facilitate the recruitment, development and retention of our valuable employees, we strive to make Carnival Corporation & plc a diverse, inclusive and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers. 14 a. Talent Development We believe in investing in our team members through the training and development of both shoreside and shipboard team members. We facilitate trainings to ensure that our teams are to carry out their individual and collective responsibilities. For our shipboard team members, our goal is to be a leader in delivering high quality professional maritime training, as evidenced by the Arison Maritime Center. The Center is home to the Center for Simulator Maritime Training (“CSMART”). The CSMART Academy features the most advanced bridge and engine room simulator technology and equipment available, with the capacity to provide annual professional training for all our bridge, engineering and environmental officers. CSMART participants receive a maritime training experience that fosters advanced knowledge and skills development, critical thinking and problem solving; all in a professional learning environment where our corporate culture is reinforced. CSMART also offers training related to liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) technology as well as an environmental officer training program and additional environmental courses for bridge and engineering officers to further enhance our training on environmental awareness and protection. b. Succession Planning Our Boards of Directors believe that planning for succession is an important function. Our structure enhances our succession planning process. We continually strive to foster the professional development of management and team members. As a result, we have developed a very experienced and strong group of leaders, with their performance subject to ongoing monitoring and evaluation, as potential successors to our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). XV. Ethics and Compliance We believe a strong ethics and compliance culture is imperative for the success of any company. Our compliance framework includes a Global Ethics and Compliance (“Global E&C”) department, which is led by our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer who leads the effort to promote and monitor a strong ethics and compliance culture throughout the company. The main responsibilities of the Global E&C department are to collaboratively: • Identify, assess, monitor, prevent, detect and report on compliance risk • Ensure compliance accountabilities and responsibilities are clear across the company • Promote a strong culture of ethics and compliance • Drive ethics and compliance continuous improvements To further heighten the focus on ethics and compliance, our Boards of Directors have Compliance Committees, which oversee the Global E&C department and maintain regular communications with our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. XVI. Insurance a. General We maintain insurance to cover a number of risks associated with owning and operating our vessels and other related risks. All such insurance policies are subject to coverage limits, exclusions and deductible levels. Insurance premiums are dependent on our own loss experience and the general premium requirements of our insurers. We maintain certain levels of deductibles for substantially all the coverages. We may increase our deductibles to mitigate future premium increases. We do not carry coverage related to loss of earnings or revenues from our ships or other operations. b. Protection and Indemnity (“P&I”) Coverages Liabilities, costs and expenses for illness and injury to crew, guest injury, pollution and other claims in connection with our cruise activities are covered by our P&I clubs, which are mutual indemnity associations owned by ship owners. We are members of three P&I clubs, Gard, Steamship Mutual and UK Club, which are part of a worldwide group of 12 P&I clubs, known as the International Group of P&I Clubs (the “IG”). The IG insures directly, and through broad and established reinsurance markets, a large portion of the world’s shipping fleets. Coverage is subject to the P&I clubs’ rules and the limits of coverage are determined by the IG. 15 c. Hull and Machinery Insurance We maintain insurance on the hull and machinery of each of our ships for reasonable amounts as determined by management. The coverage for hull and machinery is provided by large and international marine insurers. Insurers make it a condition for insurance coverage that a ship be certified as “in class” by a classification society that is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies (“IACS”). All of our ships are routinely inspected and certified to be in class by an IACS member. d. War Risk Insurance We use a combination of insurance and to cover war risk for legal liability to crew, guests and other third parties as well as loss or damage to our vessels arising from war or actions. Our primary war risk insurance coverage is provided by international marine insurers and our excess war risk insurance is provided by our three P&I clubs. Under the terms of our war risk insurance coverage, which are typical for war risk policies in the marine industry, insurers can give us no less than three days’ notice that the insurance policies will be canceled. However, the policies may be reinstated at different premium rates. e. Other Insurance We maintain property insurance covering our shoreside assets and casualty insurance covering liabilities to third parties arising from our hotel and transportation business, shore excursion operations and shoreside operations, including our port and related commercial facilities. We also maintain workers’ compensation, director’s and officer’s liability and other insurance coverages. XVII. Taxation A summary of our principal taxes and exemptions in the jurisdictions where our significant operations are located is as follows: a. U.S. Income Tax We are primarily foreign corporations engaged in the business of operating cruise ships in international transportation. We also own and operate, among other businesses, the U.S. hotel and transportation business of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours through U.S. corporations. Our North American cruise ship businesses and certain subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business within the U.S. Depending on its itinerary, any particular ship may generate income from sources within the U.S. We believe that our U.S. source income and the income of our subsidiaries, to the extent derived from, or incidental to, the international operation of a ship or ships, is exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes. Our domestic U.S. operations, principally the hotel and transportation business of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours, are subject to federal and state income taxation in the U.S. 1. Application of Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code In general, under Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code, certain .S. corporations (such as our North American cruise ship businesses) are not subject to U.S. federal income tax or branch profits tax on U.S. source income derived from, or incidental to, the international operation of a ship or ships. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide in general that a foreign corporation will qualify for the benefits of Section 883 if, in relevant part, (i) the foreign country in which the foreign corporation is organized grants an equivalent exemption to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which an exemption is being claimed under Section 883 (an “equivalent exemption jurisdiction”) and (ii) the foreign corporation meets a defined corporation stock ownership test (the “ test”). Subsidiaries of foreign corporations that are organized in an equivalent exemption jurisdiction and meet the test also benefit from Section 883. We believe that Panama is an equivalent exemption jurisdiction and that Carnival Corporation currently satisfies the test under the regulations. Accordingly, substantially all of Carnival Corporation’s income is exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes. Regulations under Section 883 list certain activities that the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) does not consider to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, therefore, the income attributable to such activities, to the extent such income is U.S. source, does not qualify for the Section 883 exemption. Among the activities identified as not incidental are income from the 16 sale of air transportation, transfers, shore excursions and pre- and land packages to the extent earned from sources within the U.S. 2. Exemption Under Applicable Income Tax Treaties We believe that the U.S. source transportation income earned by Carnival plc and its subsidiaries qualifies for exemption from U.S. federal income tax under applicable bilateral U.S. income tax treaties. 3. U.S. State Income Tax Carnival Corporation, Carnival plc and certain subsidiaries are subject to various U.S. state income taxes generally imposed on each state’s portion of the U.S. source income subject to U.S. federal income taxes. However, the state of Alaska imposes an income tax on its allocated portion of the total income of our companies doing business in Alaska and certain of their subsidiaries. b. UK and Australian Income Tax Cunard, P&O Cruises (UK) and P&O Cruises (Australia) are divisions of Carnival plc and have elected to enter the UK tonnage tax regime under a rolling term and, accordingly, reapply every year. Companies to which the tonnage tax regime applies pay corporation taxes on profits calculated by reference to the net tonnage of qualifying ships. UK corporation tax is not chargeable under the normal UK tax rules on these brands’ relevant shipping income. Relevant shipping income includes income from the operation of qualifying ships and from shipping related activities. For a company to be eligible for the regime, it must be subject to UK corporation tax and, among other matters, operate qualifying ships that are strategically and commercially managed in the UK. Companies within the UK tonnage tax regime are also subject to a seafarer training requirement. Our UK activities that do not qualify under the UK tonnage tax regime remain subject to normal UK corporation tax. P&O Cruises (Australia) and all of the other cruise ships operated internationally by Carnival plc for the cruise segment of the Australian vacation region are exempt from Australian corporation tax by virtue of the UK/Australian income tax treaty. c. Italian and German Income Tax In December 2024, the European Commission formally approved the Italian tonnage tax rules for 10 years. In 2025, Costa and AIDA will elect to remain in the Italian tonnage tax regime through 2034. Companies to which the tonnage tax regime applies pay corporation taxes on shipping profits calculated by reference to the net tonnage of qualifying ships. Our activities that do not qualify under the Italian tonnage tax regime remain subject to normal Italian corporation tax. Substantially all of AIDA’s earnings are exempt from German income taxes by virtue of the Germany/Italy income tax treaty. d . Global Minimum Tax The Organization for Economic and Development (“OECD”) issued Model Rules for implementation of a 15% minimum tax for multinational enterprises as part of its initiative intended to address the tax challenges arising from globalization. Subject to certain requirements, the OECD Model Rules provide an exclusion for international shipping income. The implementation of these rules will affect Carnival plc and its subsidiaries beginning in fiscal 2025 and Carnival Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries beginning in fiscal 2026. We expect Carnival plc and its subsidiaries will be eligible for the international shipping income exclusion based on their current structure. Carnival Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries intend to align into a single tax jurisdiction where the international shipping income for its North American brands is also expected to qualify for this exemption. As a result, we do not believe the application of these rules will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 17 e . Other In addition to or in place of income taxes, virtually all jurisdictions where our ships call impose taxes, fees and other charges based on guest counts, ship tonnage, passenger capacity or some other measure. XVIII. Governmental Regulations a. Maritime Regulations 1. General Our ships are regulated by numerous international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements, as well as voluntary agreements, which govern health, environmental, safety and security matters in relation to our guests, crew and ships. These requirements change frequently, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. If we violate or fail to comply with any of these laws, regulations, treaties and other requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We are committed to complying with, or exceeding, all relevant requirements. The primary regulatory bodies that establish maritime laws and requirements applicable to our ships include: The International Maritime Organization (“IMO”): All of our ships, and the maritime industry as a whole, are subject to the maritime safety, security and environmental regulations established by the IMO, a specialized agency of the United Nations. The IMO’s principal sets of requirements are mandated through its International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (“SOLAS”), its International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”) and its International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (“STCW”). Flag States: Our ships are registered, or flagged, in The Bahamas, Bermuda, Italy, the Netherlands, Panama and the UK, which are also referred to as Flag States. Our ships are regulated by these Flag States through international conventions that govern, among other things, health, environmental, safety and security matters in relation to our guests, crew and ships. Representatives of each Flag State conduct periodic inspections, surveys and audits to verify compliance with these requirements. Ship classification societies: Class certification is one of the necessary documents required for our ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. Our ships are subject to periodic class surveys, including inspections, by ship classification societies to verify that our ships have been maintained in accordance with the rules of the classification societies and that recommended repairs have been satisfactorily completed. frequency is a statutory requirement mandated by SOLAS. National, regional, and other authorities: We are subject to the decrees, directives, regulations, and requirements of the European Union (“EU”), the UK, the U.S., other countries, and many other authorities, including ports that our ships visit. Port regulatory authorities (Port State Control): Our ships are also subject to inspection by the port regulatory authorities, which are also referred to as Port State Control, in the various countries that they visit. Such inspections include verification of compliance with the maritime safety, security, environmental, customs, immigration, health and labor requirements applicable to each port, as well as with regional, national and international requirements. Many countries have joined together to form regional Port State Control authorities. Our Boards of Directors have Health, Environment, Safety and Security (“HESS”) Committees, which were comprised of six independent directors as of November 30, 2024. The principal function of the HESS Committees is to assist the boards in fulfilling their responsibility to supervise and monitor our health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability policies, programs and initiatives at sea and ashore and compliance with related legal and regulatory requirements. The HESS Committees and our management team review significant HESS relevant risks or exposures and associated mitigating actions. We are committed to implementing appropriate measures to manage identified risks effectively. We have a Chief Maritime Officer to oversee our global maritime operations, including maritime policy, maritime affairs, maritime standards, training, shipbuilding, asset management, health operations, and research and development. In addition, we have a Chief Risk and Compliance Officer who leads the effort to promote and monitor a strong ethics and compliance culture throughout the company, including all areas of HESS. 18 To help ensure that we are compliant with legal and regulatory requirements and that these areas of our business operate in an efficient and effective manner, we have taken certain actions including, but not limited to: • Providing regular health, environmental, safety and security support, training, guidance and information to guests, team members and others working on our behalf • Performing regular shoreside and shipboard audits and taking appropriate action when deficiencies are identified • Developing, reviewing, and working to improve policies and procedures designed to prevent, detect, respond and correct various regulatory and other violations • Supporting a comprehensive HESS incident investigation program that is designed to prevent , promote learning, and support continuous improvement 2. Maritime Safety Regulations The IMO has safety standards as part of SOLAS. To help ensure guest and crew safety, SOLAS establishes requirements for the following: • Vessel design and structural features • and other equipment • Construction and materials • Fire protection and detection • Refurbishment standards • Safe management and operation • Radio communications • Musters All of our crew undergo regular safety training that meets or exceeds all international maritime regulations, including SOLAS requirements, which are periodically revised. Additionally, we have implemented and continue to develop policies and procedures that we believe enhance our commitment to the safety of our guests and crew. SOLAS requires implementation of the International Safety Management Code (“ISM Code”), which provides an international standard for the safe management and operation of ships and for pollution prevention. The ISM Code is mandatory for passenger vessel operators. Under the ISM Code, vessel operators are required to: • Develop and implement a Safety Management System (“SMS”) that includes, among other things, the adoption of safety and environmental protection policies setting forth instructions and procedures for operating vessels safely and describing procedures for responding to emergencies and protecting the environment. In addition, our SMS includes health and security procedures • Obtain a Document of Compliance (“DOC”) for the vessel operator, as well as a Safety Management Certificate (“SMC”) for each vessel they operate. These documents are issued by the vessel’s Flag State and evidence compliance with the ISM Code and the SMS • Verify or renew DOCs and SMCs periodically in accordance with the ISM Code All our ships are regularly audited by our various national authorities, and we are required to maintain the relevant certificates of compliance with the ISM Code. 3. Maritime Security Regulations Our ships are subject to numerous security requirements. These requirements include the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code, which is part of SOLAS, the U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002, which addresses U.S. port and waterway security and the U.S. Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, which applies to all of our ships that embark or disembark passengers in the U.S. These regulations include requirements as to the following: • Implementation of specific security measures, including onboard installation of a ship security alert system • Assessment of vessel security • Efforts to identify and deter security threats • Training, drills and exercises • Security plans that may include guest, vehicle and baggage screening procedures, security patrols, establishment of restricted areas, personnel identification procedures, access control measures and installation of surveillance equipment • Establishment of procedures and policies for reporting and managing allegations of crimes 19 4. Maritime Environmental Regulations We are subject to numerous international, , national, state and local environmental laws, regulations and treaties that govern air emissions, waste management, and the storage, handling, use and disposal of hazardous substances such as chemicals, solvents and paints. As a means of managing and improving our environmental performance and compliance, we adhere to standards set by the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”), an international body, which produces worldwide industrial and commercial standards. The environmental management system of our company and ships is certified in accordance with ISO 14001, the environmental management standard that was developed to help organizations manage the environmental impacts of their processes, products and services. i. International Regulations The principal international convention governing marine pollution prevention and response is MARPOL. a. Preventing and Minimizing Pollution MARPOL includes six annexes, four of which are applicable to our cruise ships, containing requirements designed to prevent and minimize both accidental and operational pollution by oil, sewage, garbage and air emissions and the provision of facilities at ports and terminals for the reception of sewage and sets forth specific requirements related to vessel operations, equipment, recordkeeping and reporting that are designed to prevent and minimize pollution. All our ships must carry an International Oil Pollution Prevention Certificate, an International Sewage Pollution Prevention Certificate, an International Air Pollution Prevention Certificate and a Garbage Management Plan. Administrative, civil and criminal penalties may be assessed for violations. The ship’s Flag State issues these certificates, which evidence their compliance with the MARPOL regulations regarding prevention of pollution by oil, sewage, garbage and air emissions. Certain jurisdictions have not adopted all of these MARPOL annexes but have established various national, regional or local laws and regulations that apply to these areas. MARPOL requires that discharges of machinery space bilge water pass through pollution prevention equipment that separates oil from the water and monitors the discharged water to ensure that the effluent does not exceed 15 parts per million oil content. Our ships have oily water separators with oil content monitors installed and maintain a record of certain engine room operations in an Oil Record Book. In addition, we have voluntarily installed redundant systems on all our ships that monitor processed bilge water a second time prior to discharge to help ensure that it contains no more than 15 parts per million oil content. This system also provides additional controls to prevent improper bilge water discharges. MARPOL also requires that our ships have Shipboard Oil Pollution Emergency Plans. Furthermore, MARPOL addresses air emissions from vessels, establishes requirements for the prevention of air pollution from ships to reduce emissions of sulfur oxides (“SOx”), nitrogen oxides (“NOx”), particulate matter and greenhouse gases (“GHG”) emissions. It also contains restrictions on the use of ozone depleting substances (“ODS”) and requires the recording of ODS use, equipment containing ODS and the emission of ODS. b. Sulfur Emissions The IMO adopted a global 0.5% sulfur cap for marine fuel which began in January 2020. The EU Parliament and Council also adopted 0.5% sulfur content fuel requirement (the “EU Sulfur Directive”). The options to comply with both the global 0.5% sulfur cap and the EU Sulfur Directive include the installation and use of Advanced Air Quality Systems, or the use of low sulfur or alternative fuels. MARPOL addresses air emissions from both auxiliary and main propulsion diesel engines on ships and further specifies requirements for Emission Control Areas (“ECAs”) with stricter limitations on sulfur emissions content in these areas, requiring ships to use fuel with a sulfur content of no more than 0.1%, or to use alternative emission reduction methods, such as Advanced Air Quality Systems. We have Advanced Air Quality Systems on most of our ships, which are aiding in partially mitigating the financial impact from the ECAs and global sulfur requirements. We use Advanced Air Quality Systems wherever possible subject to local laws and regulations. Additionally, Advanced Air Quality Systems used with heavy fuel oil (“HFO”) result in as good or better SOx, NOx and particulate emissions compared to marine gasoil (“MGO”) . 20 c. Greenhouse Gas Emissions The IMO has established technical and operational measures for all ships that are intended to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions from international shipping. The technical measures apply to the design of new vessels and the operational measures apply to all vessels. The IMO mandates a data collection system (“DCS”) for reporting fuel oil consumption. The DCS requires ships of 5,000 gross tons and above to provide fuel consumption data to their respective Flag State at the end of each calendar year. Flag States validate the data and transfer it to a database and the IMO produces a summary annual report. In January 2023, MARPOL changes in support of the IMO’s GHG emission reduction goals went into effect and include an operational measure called the Carbon Intensity Indicator (“CII”), an annual CO 2 intensity emissions performance measure, and a technical measure called the Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index (“EEXI”), a measure similar to the Energy Efficiency Design Index (“EEDI”) for newbuilds, that confirms for a specific condition that a ship meets a target CO 2 emission intensity. The EEXI has not had a material impact and the impact for CII is uncertain as it remains under review and the enforcement mechanism of the regulation is still to be defined. The IMO’s 2023 Strategy on Reduction of GHG Emissions from Ships (“IMO Strategy”) strives to peak GHG emissions from international shipping as soon as possible and to reach net zero GHG emissions on a basis by or around 2050. The IMO Strategy includes checkpoints in 2030 and 2040 that seek reductions in the absolute GHG emissions from international shipping by at least 20% and 70%, respectively, compared to 2008. It also includes a target of a 40% reduction in CO 2 emissions intensity by 2030 compared to 2008. The IMO Strategy includes a range of measures planned for implementation in 2027, including fuel standards and measures that could result in changes to itineraries or increased compliance related costs for which the impact is uncertain and may individually and collectively have a material impact on our profitability. d. Ballast Water Ballast water is water used to stabilize ships at sea and maintain safe operating conditions throughout a voyage. Ballast water can carry a multitude of marine species. The IMO’s Ballast Water Management Convention governs the discharge of ballast water from ships and requires the installation of ballast water management systems for existing ships. The convention also sets forth requirements for ballast water exchange, record keeping, and maintaining an approved Ballast Water Management Plan. The Convention is designed to regulate the treatment of ballast water prior to discharging overboard in order to avoid the transfer of marine species to new environments, as well as establishing other ballast water management practices for monitoring and environmental protection. ii. U.S. Federal and State Regulations The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA 90”) established a comprehensive federal liability regime, as well as prevention and response requirements, relating to discharges of oil in U.S. waters. The major requirements include demonstrating financial responsibility up to the liability limits set by OPA 90 and having oil spill response plans in place. We have Certificates of Financial Responsibility (“COFR”) that demonstrate our ability to meet the liability limits of OPA 90 and covers releases of hazardous materials. It is possible, however, for our liability limits to be broken, which could expose us to unlimited liability. As OPA 90 expressly allows coastal states to impose liabilities and requirements beyond those imposed under federal law, many U.S. states have enacted laws more stringent than OPA 90. Some of these state laws impose unlimited liability for oil spills and contain more stringent financial responsibility and contingency planning requirements. Most coastal states have also enacted environmental regulations that impose strict liability for removal costs and damages resulting from a discharge of oil or a release of a hazardous substance, similar to OPA 90. The Clean Water Act (“CWA”) provides the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) with the authority to regulate incidental discharges from commercial vessels, including discharges of ballast water, bilge water, gray water, paints and other substances during normal operations within the U.S. territorial sea and inland waters. Pursuant to the CWA authority, the U.S. National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System was designed to minimize pollution within U.S. territorial waters. For our affected ships, the incidental discharge requirements are set forth in EPA’s Vessel General Permit (“VGP”) for discharges incidental to the normal operations of vessels. The VGP establishes effluent limits for specific discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, many of which apply to our cruise ships. In addition to the requirements associated with these discharges and more stringent requirements, the VGP includes requirements for inspections, monitoring, reporting and . The National Invasive Species Act (“NISA”) gives the U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”) the authority to establish U.S. ballast water management requirements to prevent the spread of invasive species. Pursuant to NISA, the USCG issued ballast water 21 regulations which include requirements for ballast water management (including ballast water management systems), monitoring, and reporting. In 2018, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act (“VIDA”) was signed into law and was intended to clarify and streamline discharge requirements for the incidental discharges covered by the VGP and USCG ballast water regulations. In October 2024, the EPA published the final rule on the VIDA National Standards of Performance. The VIDA requires the USCG to develop corresponding implementation, compliance and enforcement regulations within two years. Until the USCG regulations are final, effective and enforceable, vessels continue to be subject to the existing discharge requirements established in the VGP and the USCG’s ballast water regulations, as well as any other applicable state and local government requirements. The National Marine Sanctuaries Act provides the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association with the authority to identify, designate and protect marine areas with special national significance. There are currently 17 National Marine Sanctuaries and two Marine National Monuments in force, some of which are transited through by our ships. Each area is governed by requirements that prohibit most discharges from ships. The state of Alaska requires permitting for certain discharges from cruise ships in designated Alaskan waters. Further, the state of Alaska requires that certain discharges be reported and monitored to verify compliance with standards and repeat violators of the regulations could be prohibited from operating in Alaskan waters. Environmental regimes in Alaska are more stringent than the U.S. federal requirements with regard to discharges from vessels. The state of California also has environmental requirements significantly more stringent than federal requirements for water discharges and air emissions. iii. EU and EU Member State Regulations The EU has adopted a broad range of substantial environmental measures aimed at improving the quality of the environment. To support the implementation and enforcement of European environmental legislation, the EU has adopted directives on environmental liability and enforcement and a recommendation providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections. The European Commission’s (“EC”) strategy is to reduce emissions from ships. The EC strategy seeks to implement SOx Emission Control Areas set out in MARPOL, as discussed above via their own Sulfur Directive. The EC has also implemented regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions from maritime shipping through a Monitoring, Reporting and Verification regulation, which involves collecting emissions data from ships over 5,000 gross tons to monitor and report GHG emissions on all voyages to, from and between European Union ports. The EU adopted a series of significant reforms as a part of its Fit for 55 package to meet its 2030 emissions reduction goal. The main instruments for reducing emissions are the Emissions Trading System (“ETS”), FuelEU Maritime regulation and the Energy Taxation Directive (“ETD”) as well as amendments to the alternative fuels infrastructure and renewable energy directives. The ETS regulates emissions through a “cap and trade” principle, where a cap is set on the total amount of certain emissions that can be emitted. The maritime shipping sector is included in the scope of ETS effective January 2024 and requires ships to procure emission allowances covering 40% of their 2024 emissions inside EU waters to be surrendered in 2025, 70% of 2025 emissions to be surrendered in 2026 and 100% of annual emissions thereafter, to be surrendered in the following year. The 2024 cost of the ETS regulations was $46 million. The FuelEU Maritime regulation, which became effective in January 2025, is a framework designed to reduce maritime emissions by increasing the use of sustainable alternative fuels and, for container and passenger ships (including cruise ships), the use of shore power. The regulation requires compliance with the maximum limits of GHG intensity of energy used on board. The stringency of these limits increases over time, and there are financial penalties for . The regulation also includes requirements for ships to connect to shore power when at EU ports. We estimate the 2025 impact of complying with the FuelEU Maritime regulation to be approximately $10 to $15 million. The ETD is a framework for the taxation of energy products and sets minimum rates of excise duty to encourage a low carbon economy. Proposed amendments to the ETD will introduce new tax rates based on the energy content and environmental impact rather than volume. If adopted, these amendments will also widen the directive to include maritime fuels, which were previously exempt. To date, there is no timeline for adoption of these amendments. Norway has and is considering additional regulations that supersede IMO requirements for certain air emissions from vessels. For example, all ships operating in the Norwegian World Heritage Fjords (“WHF”) must meet IMO Tier III NOx requirements 22 by January 1, 2025. Additionally, Norway has proposed that large ships operating in the WHF may not emit any GHG starting in 2032. Norway is also currently considering a carbon tax on fuel bunkered by international shipping in Norway. The exact impact of the Fit for 55 and the Norwegian WHF regulations are uncertain as elements of the proposals have not yet been finalized and enacted and will depend on future deployments. 5. Maritime Health Regulations We are committed to providing a healthy environment for all of our guests and crew. We collaborate with public health inspection programs throughout the world, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) in the U.S. and the SHIPSAN Project in the EU, to ensure that development of these programs leads to enhanced health and hygiene onboard our ships. Through our collaborative efforts, we work with the authorities to develop and revise guidelines, review plans and conduct inspections for all newbuilds and significant ship renovations. We work closely with governments and health authorities around the world to ensure that our health and safety protocols comply with the requirements of each location. In addition, we continue to maintain our ships by meeting, and often exceeding, applicable public health guidelines and requirements, complying with inspections, reporting communicable illnesses and conducting regular crew training and guest education programs. 6. Maritime Labor Regulations The International Labor Organization develops and oversees international labor standards and includes a broad range of requirements, such as the definition of a seafarer, minimum age of seafarers, medical certificates, recruitment practices, training, repatriation, food, recreational facilities, health and welfare, hours of work and rest, accommodations, wages and entitlements. The STCW, as amended, establishes additional minimum standards relating to training, including security training, certification and watchkeeping for our seafarers. b. Other Governmental Regulations Compliance with GHG regulations and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to regulations. In most countries where we source the majority of our guests, we are required to establish financial responsibility, such as obtaining a guarantee from stable financial institutions and insurance companies, to satisfy liability in cases of our of obligations to our guests. The amount of financial responsibility varies by jurisdiction based on the amount mandated by the applicable local legislation, regulatory agency or association. In Australia and most of Europe, we may be obligated to honor our guests’ cruise payments made by them to their travel agents and tour operators regardless of whether we receive these payments. In addition, the UK plans to include domestic shipping under its national ETS beginning in January 2026. To date, they have proposed that the domestic legs and port calls of ships engaged in international voyages will be included, consultations with stakeholders is ongoing. We are, or may in the future become, subject to other laws and regulations which require our compliance, including those addressing antitrust, laundering, bribery, corruption, data privacy, human rights, securities and sanctions, reporting on sustainability matters, as well as human resources related matters. 23 XIX. Sustainability We strive to be a desirable workplace and a model global corporate citizen. Our efforts to ensure the safety and of our guests and crew, protect the environment, create opportunities for our workforce, build strong stakeholder relationships and support the communities we operate in and visit, reflect our core values and are key to our success. In 2021, we established goals for 2030 which incorporate six focus areas listed below that align with elements of the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals and build on the momentum of our successful achievement of our 2020 sustainability goals. Since then, we have achieved several goals ahead of schedule, accelerated the timeline of others and established intermediate goals. During 2024, we conducted a comprehensive review of our 2030 sustainability goals to align with our ongoing vision and progress. This review included revising existing goals, setting new targets, and retiring goals that have already been achieved. The enhancement of our sustainability road map reflects our adaptive approach to addressing evolving environmental and social challenges, both globally and within the cruise industry. • Climate Action • Circular Economy • Good Health and • Sustainable Tourism • Biodiversity and Conservation • Inclusion and Belonging We voluntarily publish Sustainability Reports that address governance, stakeholder engagement, environmental, labor, human rights, society, product responsibility, economic and other sustainability-related issues and performance indicators. These reports are not incorporated in this document and can be viewed at www.carnivalcorp.com , www.carnivalplc.com and www.carnivalsustainability.com. For further information on our 2030 sustainability goals, refer to our Sustainability Report. We have developed a strategy to help us achieve our climate action goals as follows: • Fleet optimization: delivering larger, more efficient ships as part of our ongoing newbuild program, some of which may replace existing ships in our fleet • Energy efficiency: continuing to improve our existing fleet’s energy efficiency through investment in projects such as service power packages (or power saver packs), air lubrication systems and expanding shore power capabilities to leverage renewable energy sources while in port, where available • Itinerary efficiency: designing more itineraries, focusing on operational execution and investing in port and destination projects in strategic locations • New technologies and alternative fuels: investing in a battery storage system and assessing carbon capture and storage. We also support alternative fuels including biofuels such as and , as well as synthetic or e-fuels such as e-methane and e-methanol, which we are assessing as future low GHG emission fuel options for our ships We are working to further reduce our absolute GHG emissions. We reduced our absolute GHG emissions from ship fuel by approximately 11% as compared to our peak year of 2011 despite capacity growth of nearly 37% over the same period. Additionally, we are pursuing our aspiration of net zero emissions by 2050, aligned with the revised IMO Strate gy. Achieving this goal will require energy sources and technologies that do not yet exist at scale. While fossil fuels are currently the only scalable and commercially viable option for our industry, we are closely monitoring technology developments and pioneering important sustainability initiatives in the cruise industry. We have leveraged third party studies and partnered with companies and other organizations to help identify and scale new technologies. For example, we implemented maritime scale battery technology and are working with classification societies and other stakeholders to assess lower GHG emission fuel options for cruise ships and assessing carbon capture and storage tech

[truncated]