BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc has filed materials with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2025, relating to the proposed unification of its dual listed company arrangement. These filings, made under Rule 425 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 14a-12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available on the company's websites. Disclaimer* MATERIALS FILED WITH U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION MIAMI, December 22, 2025 - Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) announces that it has filed certain materials pursuant to Rule 425 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Materials") with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2025. The Materials relate to the proposed unification of Carnival Corporation & plc's dual listed company arrangement. Copies of the Materials are available on the Carnival Corporation & plc website at www.carnivalcorp.com or www.carnivalplc.com . AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and