BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc will announce its first quarter financial results on the morning of Friday, March 27, 2026, and will host a conference call for analysts at 10 a.m. EDT to discuss these results. The company's financial performance for the first quarter will be a key focus for investors, and the call will be accessible via a simulcast on the company's websites. Disclaimer* CARNIVAL CORPORATION & PLC TO HOLD CONFERENCE CALL ON FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS MIAMI, March 17, 2026 -- Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) has scheduled a conference call with analysts for Friday, March 27, 2026, at 10 a.m. (EDT); 2 p.m. (GMT) to discuss the company's first quarter financial results which are expected to be released that morning. A simulcast of the call will be available via the company's websites at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com . About Carnival Corporation & plc Carnival Corporation & plc is the largest global cruise company, and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines – AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, and Seabourn. For more information, please visit www.carnivalcorp.com , www.aida.de , www.carnival.com , www.costacruises.com , www.cunard.com , www.hollandamerica.com , www.pocruises.com , www.princess.com , and www.seabourn.com . CONTACT: MEDIA: Jody Venturoni, 1 469 797 6380; INVESTOR RELATIONS: Beth Roberts, 1 305 406 4832 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and