BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc announced that the UK Court has sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement for the dual-listed company (DLC) unification and the redomiciliation of Carnival Corporation from Panama to Bermuda. This significant step, following shareholder approval, is expected to become effective on May 7, 2026, upon delivery of the Court Order to the UK Registrar of Companies. Key dates include the Scheme Record Time on May 5, 2026, and the suspension and cancellation of Carnival plc's ordinary shares from the London Stock Exchange on May 6 and May 7, 2026, respectively. The completion of these transactions is anticipated on May 7, 2026. Disclaimer* Court Sanction of Scheme of Arrangement MIAMI, May 1, 2026 -- On April 20, 2026, Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE: CCL) (LSE: CCL) (NYSE: CUK) announced that their shareholders had voted in favor of the proposed DLC Unification (unification of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc's dual-listed company structure) and the proposed redomiciliation of Carnival Corporation from Panama to Bermuda. Carnival Corporation & plc are pleased to announce that the UK Court has today sanctioned the Scheme pursuant to which the DLC Unification is being implemented. Next Steps and Timetable The expected timetable of principal events remains as set out on pages viii and ix of the combined shareholder document referred to below. The Scheme remains conditional on, and will become effective upon, the delivery of a copy of the Court Order to the UK Registrar of Companies, which is expected to occur on May 7, 2026. The Scheme Record Time is expected to be 6.00 p.m. on May 5, 2026. The last day for dealings in, and for registrations of transfers of, Carnival plc's ordinary shares is expected to be May 5, 2026, and Carnival plc's ordinary shares will be disabled in CREST from 6.00 p.m. on that date. The listing of Carnival plc's ordinary shares on the Official List and dealings in such shares on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for Listed Securities are expected to be suspended with effect from 7.30 a.m. on May 6, 2026. London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. It is expected that the cancellation of admission to listing and to trading of Carnival plc's ordinary shares will take effect from 8.00 a.m. on May 7, 2026. A further announcement will be made when the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation Transactions have completed, which is expected to occur on May 7, 2026. General Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this announcement have the meanings given in the combined shareholder document dated February 27, 2026, comprising a registration statement on Form S-4 and a joint definitive proxy statement in compliance with Regulation 14A of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and section 897 of the UK Companies Act 2006. All references to times in this announcement are to London times unless otherwise stated. About Carnival Corporation & plc Carnival Corporation & plc is the largest global cruise company and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines – AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. For more information, please visit www .carnivalcorp.com , www.aida.de , www.carnival.com , www. costacruise s . com , www.cunard.com , www.hollandamerica.com , www.pocruises.com , www.princess.com and www.seabourn.com . CONTACT: Carnival Corporation Investor Relations Contact: Beth Roberts, Carnival Corporation, ir@carnival.com; Carnival Corporation Media Contacts: Jody Venturoni, Carnival Corporation, jventuroni@carnival.com, Janna Rowell, Carnival Corporation, jrowell@carnival.com AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and