Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 82 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 82 Item 9B. Other Information 82 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 82 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 83 Item 11. Executive Compensation 84 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 84 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 85 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 85 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 85 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 92 1 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this document are “ statements” that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including statements concerning future results, operations, strategy, outlooks, plans, goals, reputation, cash flows, liquidity and other events which have not yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed . These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like “will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “depends,” “expect,” “goal,” “aspiration,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “project,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “indicate,” “outlook,” and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to our outlook and financial position, as well as, statements regarding: • Pricing • Liquidity and credit ratings • Booking levels • Investment grade leverage metrics • Occupancy • Dividends • Interest, tax and fuel expenses • Estimates of ship depreciable lives and residual values • Currency exchange rates • Adjusted return on invested capital (“ROIC”) • Goodwill, ship and trademark fair values • The proposed unification and redomiciliation transactions Because statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our statements. This note contains important cautionary statements of the known factors that we consider could materially affect the accuracy of our statements and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: • Events and conditions around the world, including geopolitical uncertainty, war and other military actions, pandemics, inflation, higher interest rates and other general concerns impacting the ability or desire of people to travel could lead to a decline in demand for cruises as well as have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operations. • Incidents concerning our ships, guests or the cruise industry may negatively impact the satisfaction of our guests and crew and lead to reputational damage. • Adverse weather conditions or an increase in the frequency and/or severity of adverse weather conditions could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. • Our targets, goals, aspirations, initiatives, public statements and disclosures, including those related to sustainability matters, may expose us to risks that may adversely impact our business. • Cybersecurity incidents and data privacy breaches, as well as disruptions and other damages to our principal and other offices, information technology operations and system networks and failure to keep pace with developments in technology may adversely impact our business operations, the satisfaction of our guests and crew and may lead to fines, penalties and reputational damage. • Our debt requires a significant amount of cash to service and our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Our financial condition and operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to service our debt or satisfy our covenants. • Increases in fuel costs, changes in the types of fuel consumed and availability of fuel supply may adversely impact our scheduled itineraries and costs. • The loss of key team members, our inability to recruit or retain qualified shoreside and shipboard team members and increased labor costs could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. • We rely on suppliers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. These suppliers and service providers may be unable to deliver on their commitments, which could negatively impact our business. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial results. • Our investments in port destinations and exclusive islands may expose us to additional risks. • Overcapacity and competition in the cruise and vacation industry may negatively impact our cruise sales, pricing and destination options. 2 • Inability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments may adversely impact our business operations and the satisfaction of our guests. • Changes in and with laws and regulations under which we operate, such as those relating to health, environment, safety and security, data privacy and protection, laundering, , economic sanctions, trade protection measures, labor and employment, and tax may be costly and lead to litigation, enforcement actions, fines, penalties and reputational damage. • Factors associated with sustainability and the impact of greenhouse gases (“GHG”) and other emissions on the environment could have a material impact on our business and operating results. • We may not successfully complete the proposed unification of our dual listed company (“DLC”) structure and the migration of Carnival Corporation’s legal incorporation to Bermuda, or, if we do, we may not realize the anticipated benefits and will be subject to Bermuda law, which differs in some respects compared to our current jurisdictions. The ordering of the risk factors set forth above is not intended to reflect our indication of priority or likelihood. There may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant stock exchange rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this document, any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. and other statements in this document may also address our sustainability progress, plans, and goals (including emissions and environmental-related matters). In addition, historical, current, and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards and tools for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions and predictions that are subject to change in the future and may not be generally shared. Adjusted ROIC provides additional information to us and investors about our operating performance relative to the capital we have invested in the company. We define adjusted ROIC as the adjusted net income (loss) before interest expense and interest income divided by the monthly average of debt plus equity minus construction- , excess cash, goodwill and intangibles. 3 PART I Item 1. Business . A. Overview I. Summary Carnival Corporation was incorporated in Panama in 1974 and Carnival plc was incorporated in England and Wales in 2000. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc operate a dual listed company whereby the businesses of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are combined through a number of contracts and through provisions in Carnival Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation and and Carnival plc’s Articles of Association. The two companies operate as if they are a single economic enterprise with a single executive management team and identical Boards of Directors, but each has retained its separate legal identity. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are both public companies with separate stock exchange listings and their own shareholders. Together with their consolidated subsidiaries, Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are referred to collectively in this Form 10-K as “Carnival Corporation & plc,” “company,” “our,” “us” and “we.” We are the largest global cruise company, and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of cruise lines - AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. During 2025, we sunset the P&O Cruises (Australia) brand and folded its Australia operations into Carnival Cruise Line. Following a review of the corporate structure, the Boards of Directors of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc recommended unifying the dual listed company under a single corporate entity, Carnival Corporation, listed solely on the New York Stock Exchange, with Carnival plc as its UK subsidiary. Under this plan, Carnival plc shareholders would receive Carnival Corporation shares on a basis, and Carnival plc shares and American Depositary Receipts would be from both the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, respectively. Carnival Corporation also proposes shifting its legal incorporation from Panama to Bermuda under the name Carnival Corporation Ltd., a jurisdiction widely recognized and aligned with international financial standards. There will be no material changes to the company’s business fundamentals, including strategy, underlying assets and operations or to the company’s commitment to the vital UK market. The unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda are expected to preserve key shareholder voting and economic rights. These proposals will be subject to certain conditions, including the approval of shareholders and receipt of regulatory and UK court approvals. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc intend to hold meetings of shareholders in April 2026 to consider the proposals. Subject to shareholders approving the proposals and the remaining conditions being satisfied, the company intends to complete the unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda in the second quarter of 2026. More information on the proposed unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda will be included in materials Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which will be available without charge on the SEC’s website. II. Purpose & Mission, Core Values and Priorities Purpose & Mission To deliver unforgettable happiness to our guests by providing extraordinary cruise vacations, while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. Core Values • Listen & Learn - We listen — actively and inclusively — to make better decisions and learn from our successes and failures. • Speak Up - We can respectfully share ideas, feedback, concerns and questions with confidence. • Respect & Protect - We protect what matters — our people, our company and our planet — treating everyone with dignity and respect. • Always Improving - We always try to do our jobs better and innovate to drive the business forward. • Better Together - We work collaboratively as a team to successfully deliver on our purpose, mission and goals. • Guest Obsessed - We put our guests front and center, delighting them at every opportunity. 4 Priorities Ensure each of our cruise lines owns its space in the vacation market. Different travelers seek different vacation experiences. That is why our portfolio of cruise lines gives us such a powerful competitive advantage. With eight distinctive cruise lines operating around the globe, each brand has the opportunity to stand out with a clear, compelling identity that attracts its own unique profile of new and loyal guests. When we market those differences distinctly and deliver on them throughout the journey, we unlock higher levels of guest satisfaction, drive stronger bookings and demand and generate increased pricing power. Be Travel & Leisure’s employer of choice. Our team members are the heart of the unforgettable happiness we deliver to over 13.5 million guests each year. With a team of more than 160,000 individuals from approximately 150 countries, we proudly reflect the cultural richness of our guests and the global community. We intentionally cultivate a workplace environment where everyone feels welcomed, included, supported and empowered to succeed, reinforcing our ambition to be the world’s number‑one choice for hospitality, travel and leisure careers. Stay committed to excellence in compliance, environmental protection and the of every life we touch. Achieving our Purpose and Mission starts with being responsible corporate citizens and strong stewards of our planet. That means preserving our environment, caring for our guests, our communities and our team, upholding the laws that govern our business and holding ourselves to the highest standards. Execute our sustainability roadmap. We are privileged to explore remarkable cultures and environments around the world—and it is our shared responsibility to honor and help preserve them. Without the thriving communities, healthy oceans and stunning places we visit, we could not deliver our Purpose and Mission or achieve our other priorities. That is why it is imperative that we continue to reduce our fuel consumption and carbon footprint, advance a circular economy and strengthen shared‑value partnerships with the communities we sail to and from. Further strengthen our balance sheet while delivering outsized shareholder returns. Several years of exceptional performance has significantly strengthened our financial fitness—reducing debt, achieving strong profitability and double‑digit ROIC, surpassing the investment grade threshold and reinstating our dividend. We are fortifying our position through disciplined cost control and continued deleveraging. At the same time, our measured investments in newbuilds, major ship midlife refurbishment enhancements across our cruise lines and destination development, and continued focus on commercial excellence, are setting the stage for substantial long‑term growth and value creation. B. Global Cruise Industry I. Overview Cruising offers a broad range of products and services to suit vacationing guests of many ages, backgrounds and interests. Each brand in our portfolio meets the needs of a distinct set of consumer psychographics and vacation needs which allows us to penetrate large addressable customer segments. The mobility of cruise ships enables us to move our vessels between regions in order to meet changing demand across different geographic areas. Cruise brands can be broadly classified as offering contemporary, premium and luxury cruise experiences. The contemporary experience appeals to a broad segment of the cruise vacation industry, including families with children of all ages, features a variety of activities and entertainment venues and generally includes cruises that last seven days or less. The premium experience emphasizes quality, comfort, style and more varied itineraries. The premium experience generally includes cruises that last from seven to 14 days. The luxury experience is generally characterized by very high standards of accommodation and service, smaller vessel size and exotic itineraries to ports that are inaccessible by larger ships. We have product and service offerings in each of these three broad classifications. 5 II. Passenger Capacity by Ocean Going Vessels Passenger Capacity as of December 31 (a) Calendar Year Global Cruise Industry (b) Carnival Corporation & plc 2023 701,110 263,300 2024 733,010 269,970 2025 764,310 272,460 (a) In accordance with cruise industry practice, passenger capacity is calculated based on the assumption of two passengers per cabin even though some cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. (b) Global cruise industry data was obtained from Cruise Industry News. III. Competition The global cruise industry is a relatively small part of the global vacation market. We compete with vacation alternatives throughout the world, such as hotels, resorts (including resorts), theme parks, organized tours, casinos, vacation ownership properties, and other alternative lodging sites. Based on 2025 Cruise Industry News statistics, as of December 31, 2025, we, along with our principal cruise competitors Royal Caribbean Group, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd. and MSC Cruises, represented approximately 80% of the cruise industry capacity. C. Our Global Cruise Business I. Segment and Brand Information November 30, 2025 Passenger Capacity Percentage of Total Capacity Number of Cruise Ships North America Segment Carnival Cruise Line 94,340 35 % 29 Princess Cruises 54,890 20 % 17 Holland America Line 23,030 8 % 11 Seabourn 2,640 (a) 1 % 6 174,910 64 % 63 Europe Segment AIDA Cruises (“AIDA”) 32,270 12 % 11 Costa Cruises (“Costa”) 31,140 (b) 11 % 9 P&O Cruises 24,300 9 % 7 Cunard 9,770 4 % 4 97,470 36 % 31 272,380 100 % 94 (a) Includes Seabourn Sojourn which is expected to leave the fleet in May 2026. (b) Includes Costa Fortuna which is expected to leave the fleet in September 2026. We also have a Cruise Support segment that includes our portfolio of leading port destinations and exclusive islands as well as other services, all of which are operated for the benefit of our cruise brands. In addition to our cruise operations, we own Holland America Princess Alaska Tours, the leading tour company in Alaska and the Canadian Yukon, which complements our Alaska cruise operations. Our tour company owns and operates hotels, lodges, railcars and motorcoaches which comprise our Tour and Other segment. 6 II. Ships Under Contract for Construction As of November 30, 2025, we have a total of seven cruise ships expected to be delivered through 2033. Our ship construction contracts are with Fincantieri in Italy and Meyer Werft in Germany. Expected Delivery Date Passenger Capacity Lower Berth AIDA Newbuild (a) February 2030 4,280 Newbuild (a) December 2031 4,280 Carnival Cruise Line Carnival Festivale April 2027 5,360 Carnival Tropicale March 2028 5,360 Newbuild July 2029 6,160 Newbuild July 2031 6,160 Newbuild June 2033 6,160 (a) Ships are subject to financing. III. Descriptions of Cruise Brands AIDA is the most recognized brand in the German cruise market. Its ships visit many beautiful destinations around the world and bring together people of all ages. AIDA delights guests with excellent service and a variety of extraordinary experiences. The smile on the bow of the ships represents the unique AIDA attitude on life — relaxed, friendly, colorful, cosmopolitan and uncomplicated. Carnival Cruise Line is “The World’s Most Popular Cruise Line®” and has provided family entertainment at exceptional value to its guests for over 50 years. Carnival Cruise Line creates an environment where guests can be their most playful selves on ships that are designed to inspire the experience of bringing people together, with limitless opportunities for guests to create their own fun. For over 75 years, Costa has brought wonder to guests’ lives, allowing them to discover unique destinations and experiences both onboard and onshore. Costa’s warm hospitality and onboard services feature a true European touch and Italian passion, setting Costa apart from any other cruise experience. For 185 years, the iconic Cunard fleet has perfected the timeless art of luxury ocean travel. Cunard’s distinct voyages are meticulously crafted to offer fine dining and bars, unique entertainment, and the famous White Star Service®, comfort and style. A pioneer in transatlantic crossings and World Voyages, its destinations also include Europe, the Caribbean and Alaska. 7 For over 150 years, Holland America Line has delivered experiences too good to hurry through — perfecting the art of leisurely travel for guests who seek to explore more than 100 countries and connect with the world and each other. With nearly 80 years of leadership in Alaska, Holland America offers immersive journeys aboard perfectly sized ships, with fresh, locally sourced cuisine, extraordinary entertainment at sea and a tradition of genuine hospitality. P&O Cruises is Britain’s largest cruise line and its heritage can be traced back over 185 years. P&O Cruises welcomes guests to extraordinary travel experiences designed in a distinctively British way - through a blend of discovery, relaxation and exceptional service catered towards British tastes. P&O Cruises’ fleet of premium ships deliver authentic travel experiences around the world, combining style and quality with a sense of occasion and attention to detail, to create a truly memorable holiday. For 60 years, Princess Cruises has unlocked the world and inspired discovery through enriching vacations that connect people, places and cultures. Every journey is designed to spark interaction and create unforgettable experiences both onboard and ashore. Guests enjoy the perfect balance of elevated comfort and genuine warmth, where interactions with the Princess crew makes every moment feel personal. With opportunities to explore and learn, Princess creates unforgettable memories across the most extraordinary destinations on earth. Seabourn, a leader in cruising, sails to legendary cities and ports. Intimate ships with a atmosphere allow guests to discover the unexpected—about the world and about themselves. Guests enjoy all suites and gourmet dining as they wish. Seabourn creates moments of surprise and delight known as “Seabourn Moments.” Seabourn’s fleet also includes two expedition ships for immersive and adventurous travel experiences. IV. Port Destinations and Exclusive Islands We operate a portfolio of port destinations and exclusive islands enabling us to offer exceptional experiences by creating a wide variety of destinations that are uniquely tailored to our guests’ preferences. Our port destinations and exclusive islands welcomed 7.4 million guests in 2025 and 6.5 million in 2024. In addition, to secure preferential berth access to ports, we enter into berthing agreements and commitments. Our portfolio of seven owned or operated ports and destinations includes: • Amber Cove in the Dominican Republic • Celebration Key, an exclusive destination in The Bahamas • Grand Turk Cruise Center in Turks & Caicos • Isla Tropicale in Roatan, an exclusive destination in Honduras (formerly Mahogany Bay) • Princess Cays, an exclusive island in The Bahamas • Puerta Maya in Cozumel, Mexico • RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay, an exclusive island in The Bahamas 8 During 2025, we introduced the Paradise Collection, which currently includes: Celebration Key, our newly launched exclusive cruise port destination on the southern coast of Grand Bahama Island, officially opened in July 2025. Celebration Key welcomes guests to a stunning beach and offers an abundance of features and amenities for our guests. With a pier extension slated for completion in 2026, Celebration Key will be able to accommodate up to four of our cruise ships simultaneously. Additionally, its strategic location supports our efforts to design more energy efficient itineraries. RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay, our highly rated and exclusive Bahamian destination will be enhanced to lean further into this destination’s natural beauty and pristine appeal. In addition to its existing tender operations, RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay will feature a newly constructed pier that is expected to open in the summer of 2026 and will allow two cruise ships to dock. Isla Tropicale (formerly Mahogany Bay), our port destination in Roatan, Honduras will be expanded in 2026 to include a large pool with a swim up bar and cabanas with additional enhancement plans in the future. V. Passengers Carried by Principal Source Geographic Areas Carnival Corporation & plc Passengers Carried (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Brands’ Main Source Markets United States and Canada 8,092 7,938 7,410 Carnival Cruise Line, Cunard, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises and Seabourn Continental Europe 2,754 2,702 2,590 AIDA and Costa United Kingdom 1,108 1,087 970 Cunard and P&O Cruises Australia and New Zealand 944 1,027 940 Carnival Cruise Line and Princess Cruises Other 729 754 550 Total 13,627 13,509 12,460 9 VI. Cruise Programs Carnival Corporation & plc Percentage of Passenger Capacity by Itinerary 2026 2025 2024 Caribbean 35 % 34 % 34 % Europe without Mediterranean 17 16 17 Mediterranean 14 14 13 Alaska 7 6 6 Australia and New Zealand 5 6 7 Other 22 24 23 100 % 100 % 100 % VII. Cruise Pricing and Payment Terms Each of our cruise brands establishes pricing for the upcoming seasons which are made available primarily through the internet, although published materials and electronic communications are also used. Prices vary depending on a number of factors, including itinerary, category of guest accommodation, season, duration and brand. We offer a variety of promotions, including early booking, past guest recognition and travel agent programs. Our bookings are generally taken several months in advance of the cruise departure date. Typically, the longer the cruise itinerary, the further in advance the bookings are made. This lead time allows us to actively manage our prices in relation to guest demand and the number of available cabins through our revenue management capabilities and other initiatives. The cruise ticket price typically includes the following: • Accommodations • Most meals, including snacks at numerous venues • Access to onboard amenities such as swimming pools, water slides, water parks, whirlpools, a health club and sun decks • Entertainment, such as theatrical and comedy shows, live music and nightclubs • Visits to multiple ports, including our portfolio of owned or operated ports and destinations • Childcare and supervised youth programs We offer our guests a variety of packages to encourage the advance purchase of certain onboard items. These packages are primarily sold as an incremental bundled package or, for certain of our brands, may be combined with cruise tickets and sold to guests for a single price. These packages may include one or more of the following: • Beverage packages • Internet packages • Shore excursions • Photo packages • Air and other transportation packages • Onboard spending credits • Specialty restaurants • Service charges Our brands’ payment terms generally require that a guest pay a deposit to confirm their reservation and then pay the balance due before the departure date. VIII. Seasonality Our passenger ticket revenues are seasonal. Demand for cruises has been greatest during our third quarter, which includes the Northern Hemisphere summer months. This higher demand during the third quarter results in higher ticket prices and occupancy levels and, accordingly, the largest share of our operating income is typically earned during this period. Our results are also impacted by ships being taken for planned maintenance, which we schedule during seasons. In addition, substantially all of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours’ revenue and operating income is generated from May through September in conjunction with Alaska’s cruise season. 10 IX. Onboard and Other Revenues In 2025, we earned 34% of our cruise revenues from onboard and other revenue goods and services including: • Beverage sales • Internet and communication services • Casino gaming • spas • Shore excursions and experiences • Specialty restaurants • Retail sales • Photo sales Many of these goods and services are available for purchase prior to embarkation and can be purchased individually or as a bundled value added package. Onboard and other activities are provided either directly by us or by independent concessionaires, from which we receive either a percentage of their revenues or a fee. Concession revenues do not have direct expenses because the costs and services incurred for concession revenues are borne by our concessionaires. X. Marketing Activities Guest feedback and research support the development of our overall marketing and business strategies to drive demand for cruises and increase the number of cruisers. Our goal has always been to increase consumer awareness for cruise vacations and further grow our share of their vacation spend. We proactively gather and evaluate guest feedback about their cruise experiences for valuable insights on key drivers of guest loyalty and satisfaction, with a focus on continuous improvement. We closely monitor our net promoter scores (“NPS”), which reflect the likelihood that our guests will recommend our brands’ cruise products and services to friends and family, including those . During 2025, we increased our marketing and advertising programs, driving even greater demand across our cruise lines as well as our portfolio of port destinations and exclusive islands. Each of our cruise lines is focused on creating further brand differentiation and clarity around its unique value proposition, executing on a range of carefully targeted, marketing and advertising programs to reach its optimal market segment of new and loyal guests and travel agent partners. Among these programs are increasingly effective digital performance marketing and lead generation approaches that have attracted new guests online by leveraging the reach and impact of digital marketing and social media. We have also invested in new marketing technologies to deliver more engaging and personalized communications, further enhancing their effectiveness. Collectively through these programs, we have cultivated cruising advocates creating demand and preference for our brands, ships, itineraries, including our port destinations and exclusive islands and onboard products and services. In addition, all of our cruise brands offer guest loyalty and recognition programs that motivate future purchases from our repeat guests. Each brand strategically leverages its catalog of rewards and incentives to bring repeat guests back time and again with finely honed offers, such as special fares, onboard activity discounts, complimentary laundry and internet services, expedited ship embarkation and disembarkation and special onboard activities. XI. Sales Channels We sell our cruises through travel agents, tour operators, company vacation planners, our websites, customer service agents and onboard future cruise consultants. Our individual cruise brands’ relationships with their travel agent partners are generally independent of each of our other brands. Our travel agents’ relationships are generally not exclusive and travel agents generally receive a base commission, plus the potential of additional commissions, including discounts or complimentary tour conductor cabins, based on the achievement of sales terms. Travel agent partners are an integral part of our cruise distribution network and are critical to our success. We utilize local sales teams to motivate travel agents to support our products and services with competitive pricing, promotional policies and joint marketing and advertising programs. During 2025, no group of travel agencies under common control accounted for 10% or more of our revenues. We also employ a wide variety of educational programs, including websites, seminars and videos, to train agents on our cruise brands and their products and services. In 2025, we held a variety of trainings and educational programs to continue to support and develop our travel agent partners, including ship visits to familiarize our travel agent partners with our products and services. 11 All of our brands have internet booking engines to allow travel agents to book our cruises. Additionally, all of our cruise brands have their own consumer websites that provide access to information about their products and services to users and enable their guests to quickly and easily book cruises and other products and services online. These sites interface with our brands’ social networks, blogs and other social media sites, which allow them to develop greater contact and interaction with their guests before, during and after their cruise. We also employ vacation planners and onboard future cruise consultants who support our sales initiatives by offering our guests cruise planning expertise and other services. XII. Suppliers To provide an exceptional cruise experience for our guests, we source significant quantities of goods and services from a global supply base. In addition, we incur significant capital expenditures for materials to support the refurbishment and enhancements of our vessels as well as to build new ships. We approach our spend strategically and look for suppliers who demonstrate the ability to help us leverage our scale in terms of cost, quality, service, innovation and sustainability. Our supply base is diverse and many of our suppliers provide goods and services across our portfolio of brands. We have continued to map and evaluate risks in our supply chain, including the categories of products and services sourced and their geographic locations. We strive to build strong relationships with our suppliers based on shared values. Our Business Partner Code of Conduct applies to all of our suppliers and other business partners. It outlines our expectation that our suppliers will respect and follow applicable laws and regulations and promote ethical decisions in all aspects of their business. We also have a Responsible Sourcing Policy (“RSP”) that builds on our Business Partner Code of Conduct and our human rights and environmental practices. The RSP establishes a framework that helps us monitor compliance with our standards. It is designed to ensure that our sourcing practices are aligned with our business priorities, core values and sustainability goals. The RSP also addresses labor, environmental, business ethics, management systems and health and safety risks. XIII. Human Capital Management and Employees Our shipboard and shoreside employees are sourced from approximately 150 countries. In 2025, we had an average of 101,000 employees onboard our ships, excluding employees on leave. Our shoreside operations had an annual average of 13,000 and 3,000 /seasonal employees. Holland America Princess Alaska Tours significantly increases its work force during the late spring and summer months in connection with Alaska’s cruise season. We have entered into agreements with unions covering certain employees on our ships and in our shoreside hotel and transportation operations. The percentages of our shipboard and shoreside employees that are represented by collective bargaining agreements are 48% and 21%, respectively. We consider our employee and union relationships to be strong. A team of highly motivated and engaged employees is key to providing extraordinary cruise vacations. To facilitate the recruitment, development and retention of our valuable employees, we strive to make Carnival Corporation & plc a workplace that not only attracts top talent but also provides meaningful opportunities for professional growth and development. a. Talent Development We are committed to excellence through our comprehensive performance management system that aligns individual contributions with our business priorities and fosters the continuous development of our employees. Our structured approach integrates goal setting, regular and formal evaluations, enabling both shoreside and shipboard team members to reflect on their growth and receive actionable guidance on performance expectations and career progression. Managers are equipped to conduct fair, consistent assessments that inform compensation, promotion and succession planning, while reinforcing high standards and a culture of continuous improvement across the organization. We provide our shoreside team members with a variety of training programs and other personal and professional growth opportunities. We invest in leadership development programs designed to foster career growth, build strong leaders and retain top talent for advancement across the organization. Through careful monitoring and evaluation of performance, we cultivate a strong pipeline of experienced leaders who understand the complexities of managing global cruise operations. This systematic approach to talent development allows us to maintain the expertise needed to navigate the unique challenges of the cruise industry while supporting our commitment to sustainable growth and operational excellence. Additionally, we have a shoreside leadership development program to foster a culture, promote integrity, encourage exposure and promote ongoing growth. Our strategic approach to succession is supported by our Boards of Directors and is enhanced by our operational structure. This creates opportunities for leadership development across our organization for potential successors to our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). 12 We also invest in our shipboard team members through various specialized training programs. Our maritime training initiatives are particularly crucial, encompassing essential areas such as environmental, health and safety protocols, guest service excellence and operational efficiency. Our Arison Maritime Center — home to the Center for Simulator & Maritime Training Academy (“CSMART”), delivers comprehensive professional maritime training. The CSMART Academy features the most advanced bridge and engine room simulator technology and equipment available, with the capacity to provide professional training for all our bridge, engineering and environmental officers. CSMART participants benefit from a maritime training experience that fosters advanced knowledge and skills development, critical thinking, problem solving and decision making — all within a professional learning environment that reinforces our core values. XIV. Ethics and Compliance We believe a strong ethics and compliance culture is imperative for the success of any company. Our compliance framework includes a Global Ethics and Compliance (“Global E&C”) department, which is led by our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer who leads the effort to promote and monitor a strong ethics and compliance culture throughout the company. The main responsibilities of the Global E&C department are to collaboratively: • Identify, assess, monitor, prevent, detect and report on ethics and compliance risk • Ensure compliance accountabilities and responsibilities are clear across the company • Promote a strong commitment to ethics and compliance • Drive ethics and compliance continuous improvements To further heighten the focus on ethics and compliance, our Boards of Directors have Compliance Committees, which oversee the Global E&C department and maintain regular communications with our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. XV. Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property We own, use and/or have registered or licensed numerous trademarks, patents and patent pending designs and technology, copyrights and domain names, which have considerable value and some of which are widely recognized throughout the world. These intangible assets enable us to distinguish our cruise products and services, port destinations and exclusive islands, ships, and programs from those of our competitors. We own or license the trademarks for the trade names of our cruise brands, each of which we believe is a brand in the cruise industry, as well as our ship names and a wide variety of cruise products and services, including our port destinations and exclusive islands. XVI. Insurance a. General We maintain insurance to cover a number of risks associated with owning and operating our vessels and other related risks. All such insurance policies are subject to coverage limits, exclusions and deductible levels. Insurance premiums are dependent on our own loss experience and the general premium requirements of our insurers. We maintain certain levels of deductibles for substantially all the coverages. We may increase our deductibles to mitigate future premium increases. We do not carry coverage related to loss of earnings or revenues from our ships or other operations. b. Protection and Indemnity (“P&I”) Coverages Liabilities, costs and expenses for illness and injury to crew, guest injury, pollution and other claims in connection with our cruise activities are covered by our P&I clubs, which are mutual indemnity associations owned by ship owners. We are members of three P&I clubs, Gard, Steamship Mutual and UK Club, which are part of a worldwide group of 12 P&I clubs, known as the International Group of P&I Clubs (the “IG”). The IG insures directly, and through broad and established reinsurance markets, a large portion of the world’s shipping fleets. Coverage is subject to the P&I clubs’ rules and the limits of coverage are determined by the IG. 13 c. Hull and Machinery Insurance We maintain insurance on the hull and machinery of each of our ships for reasonable amounts as determined by management. The coverage for hull and machinery is provided by large and international marine insurers. Insurers make it a condition for insurance coverage that a ship be certified as “in class” by a classification society that is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies (“IACS”). All of our ships are routinely inspected and certified to be in class by an IACS member. d. War Risk Insurance We use a combination of insurance and to cover war risk for legal liability to crew, guests and other third parties as well as loss or damage to our vessels arising from war or actions. Our primary war risk insurance coverage is provided by international marine insurers and our excess war risk insurance is provided by our three P&I clubs. Under the terms of our war risk insurance coverage, which are typical for war risk policies in the marine industry, insurers can give us no less than three days’ notice that the insurance policies will be canceled. However, the policies may be reinstated at different premium rates. e. Other Insurance We maintain property insurance covering our shoreside assets and casualty insurance covering liabilities to third parties arising from our hotel and transportation business, shore excursion operations and shoreside operations, including our port and related commercial facilities. We also maintain workers’ compensation, director’s and officer’s liability and other insurance coverages. XVII. Taxation A summary of our principal taxes and exemptions in the jurisdictions where our significant operations are located is as follows: a. U.S. Income Tax We are primarily foreign corporations engaged in the business of operating cruise ships in international transportation. We also own and operate, among other businesses, the U.S. hotel and transportation business of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours through U.S. corporations. Our North American cruise ship businesses and certain subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business within the U.S. Depending on its itinerary, any particular ship may generate income from sources within the U.S. We believe that our U.S. source income and the income of our subsidiaries, to the extent derived from, or incidental to, the international operation of a ship or ships, is exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes. Our domestic U.S. operations, principally the hotel and transportation business of Holland America Princess Alaska Tours, are subject to federal and state income taxation in the U.S. 1. Application of Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code In general, under Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code, certain .S. corporations (such as our North American cruise ship businesses) are not subject to U.S. federal income tax or branch profits tax on U.S. source income derived from, or incidental to, the international operation of a ship or ships. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide in general that a foreign corporation will qualify for the benefits of Section 883 if, in relevant part, (i) the foreign country in which the foreign corporation is organized grants an equivalent exemption to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which an exemption is being claimed under Section 883 (an “equivalent exemption jurisdiction”) and (ii) the foreign corporation meets a defined corporation stock ownership test (the “ test”). Subsidiaries of foreign corporations that are organized in an equivalent exemption jurisdiction and meet the test also benefit from Section 883. We believe that Panama is an equivalent exemption jurisdiction and that Carnival Corporation currently satisfies the test under the regulations. Accordingly, for fiscal 2025, substantially all of Carnival Corporation’s income is exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes. 14 Regulations under Section 883 list certain activities that the Internal Revenue Service does not consider to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, therefore, the income attributable to such activities, to the extent such income is U.S. sourced, does not qualify for the Section 883 exemption. Among the activities identified as not incidental are income from the sale of air transportation, transfers, shore excursions and pre- and land packages to the extent earned from sources within the U.S. 2. Exemption Under Applicable Income Tax Treaties We believe that the U.S. sourced transportation income earned by Carnival plc and its subsidiaries qualifies for exemption from U.S. federal income tax under applicable bilateral U.S. income tax treaties. Additionally, beginning in fiscal 2026, we believe the U.S. sourced transportation income earned by Carnival Corporation and our other North American cruise ship businesses will qualify for exemption from U.S. federal income tax under provisions of the U.S.-UK income tax treaty. 3. U.S. State Income Tax Carnival Corporation, Carnival plc and certain subsidiaries are subject to various U.S. state income taxes generally imposed on each state’s portion of the U.S. source income subject to U.S. federal income taxes. However, the state of Alaska imposes an income tax on its allocated portion of the total income of our companies doing business in Alaska and certain of their subsidiaries. b. UK Income Tax Cunard and P&O Cruises are divisions of Carnival plc and have elected to enter the UK tonnage tax regime under a rolling term and, accordingly, reapply every year. Companies to which the tonnage tax regime applies pay corporation taxes on profits calculated by reference to the net tonnage of qualifying ships. UK corporation tax is not chargeable under the normal UK tax rules on these brands’ relevant shipping income. Relevant shipping income includes income from the operation of qualifying ships and from shipping related activities. For a company to be eligible for the regime, it must be subject to UK corporation tax and, among other matters, operate qualifying ships that are strategically and commercially managed in the UK. Companies within the UK tonnage tax regime are also subject to a seafarer training requirement. Our UK activities that do not qualify under the UK tonnage tax regime remain subject to normal UK corporation tax. c. Italian and German Income Tax In December 2024, the European Commission formally approved the Italian tonnage tax rules for 10 years. In 2025, AIDA and Costa elected to remain in the Italian tonnage tax regime through 2034. Companies to which the tonnage tax regime applies pay corporation taxes on shipping profits calculated by reference to the net tonnage of qualifying ships. Our activities that do not qualify under the Italian tonnage tax regime remain subject to normal Italian corporation tax. Substantially all of AIDA’s earnings are exempt from German income taxes by virtue of the Germany/Italy income tax treaty. d . Global Minimum Tax The Organization for Economic and Development (“OECD”) issued Model Rules for implementation of a 15% minimum tax for multinational enterprises as part of its initiative intended to address the tax challenges arising from globalization. Subject to certain requirements, the OECD Model Rules provide an exclusion for international shipping income. 15 Carnival plc and its subsidiaries became subject to these rules beginning in fiscal 2025 and Carnival Corporation and its subsidiaries will be subject to the rules beginning in fiscal 2026. Carnival plc and its subsidiaries are eligible for the international shipping income exclusion based on their current structure. Effective December 1, 2025, Carnival Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries aligned into a single tax jurisdiction with Carnival plc. As a result, we do not believe the application of these rules will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We will continue to monitor the development of the OECD’s rules and evaluate the impact on our business. e . Other In addition to or in place of income taxes, virtually all jurisdictions where our ships call impose taxes, fees and other charges based on guest counts, ship tonnage, passenger capacity or some other measure. XVIII. Governmental and Other Regulations a. Maritime Regulations 1. General Our ships are regulated by numerous international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements, as well as voluntary agreements, which govern health, environmental, safety and security matters in relation to our guests, crew and ships. These requirements change frequently, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. If we violate or fail to comply with any of these laws, regulations, treaties and other requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We are committed to complying with, or exceeding, all relevant requirements. The primary regulatory bodies that establish maritime laws and requirements applicable to our ships include: • The International Maritime Organization (“IMO”): All of our ships, and the maritime industry as a whole, are subject to the maritime safety, security and environmental regulations established by the IMO, a specialized agency of the United Nations. The IMO’s principal sets of requirements are mandated through its International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (“SOLAS”), its International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”) and its International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (“STCW”). • Flag States: Our ships are registered, or flagged, in The Bahamas, Bermuda, Italy, the Netherlands, Panama and the UK, which are also referred to as Flag States. Our ships are regulated by these Flag States through international conventions that govern, among other things, health, environmental, safety and security matters in relation to our guests, crew and ships. Representatives of each Flag State conduct periodic inspections, surveys and audits to verify compliance with these requirements. • Ship classification societies: Class certification is one of the necessary documents required for our ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. Our ships are subject to periodic class surveys, including inspections, by ship classification societies to verify that our ships have been maintained in accordance with the rules of the classification societies and that recommended repairs have been satisfactorily completed. frequency is a statutory requirement mandated by SOLAS. • National, regional, and other authorities: We are subject to the decrees, directives, regulations, and requirements of Australia, Canada, the European Union (“EU”), New Zealand, the UK, the U.S., other countries, and many other authorities, including ports that our ships visit. • Port regulatory authorities (Port State Control): Our ships are also subject to inspection by port regulatory authorities, which are also referred to as Port State Control, in the various countries that they visit. Such inspections include verification of compliance with the maritime safety, security, environmental, customs, immigration, health and labor requirements applicable to each port, as well as with regional, national and international requirements. Many countries have joined together to form regional Port State Control authorities. 16 Our Boards of Directors have Health, Environment, Safety and Security (“HESS”) Committees, which were comprised of five independent directors as of November 30, 2025. The principal function of the HESS Committees is to assist the boards in fulfilling their responsibility to supervise and monitor our health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability policies, programs and initiatives at sea and ashore and compliance with related legal and regulatory requirements. The HESS Committees and our management team review significant HESS relevant risks or exposures and associated mitigating actions. We are committed to implementing appropriate measures to manage identified risks effectively. We have a Chief Maritime Officer to oversee our global maritime operations, including maritime policy, maritime affairs, maritime standards, training, shipbuilding, asset management, health operations, research and development and global port operations. In addition, we have a Chief Risk and Compliance Officer who leads efforts to promote and monitor a strong ethics and compliance culture throughout the company, including all areas of HESS. To help ensure that we are compliant with legal and regulatory requirements and that these areas of our business operate in an efficient and effective manner, we have taken certain actions including, but not limited to: • Providing regular health, environmental, safety and security support, training, guidance and information to guests, team members and others working on our behalf • Performing regular shoreside and shipboard audits and taking appropriate action when deficiencies are identified • Developing, reviewing, and working to improve policies and procedures designed to prevent, detect, respond and correct various regulatory and other violations • Supporting a comprehensive HESS incident investigation program that is designed to prevent , promote learning, and support continuous improvement 2. Maritime Safety Regulations The IMO has safety standards as part of SOLAS. To help ensure guest and crew safety, SOLAS establishes requirements for the following: • Vessel design and structural features • and other equipment • Construction and materials • Fire protection and detection • Refurbishment standards • Safe management and operation • Radio communications • Musters SOLAS requires implementation of the International Safety Management Code (“ISM Code”), which provides an international standard for the safe management and operation of our ships and for pollution prevention. All our ships are regularly audited by various national authorities, and we are required to maintain the relevant ISM Code compliance certificates. 3. Maritime Security Regulations Our ships are subject to numerous security requirements. These requirements include the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code, which is part of SOLAS, the U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002, which addresses U.S. port and waterway security and the U.S. Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, which applies to all of our ships that embark or disembark passengers in the U.S. These regulations include requirements as to the following: • Implementation of specific security measures, including onboard installation of a ship security alert system • Assessment of vessel security • Efforts to identify and deter security threats • Training, drills and exercises • Security plans that may include guest, vehicle and baggage screening procedures, security patrols, establishment of restricted areas, personnel identification procedures, access control measures and installation of surveillance equipment • Establishment of procedures and policies for reporting and managing allegations of crimes 4. Maritime Environmental Regulations We are subject to numerous international, , national, state and local environmental laws, regulations and treaties that govern air emissions, waste management, and the storage, handling, use and disposal of hazardous substances such as oils, chemicals, solvents and paints. 17 As a means of managing and improving our environmental performance and compliance, we adhere to standards set by the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”), an international body, which produces worldwide industrial and commercial standards. The environmental management system of our company and ships is certified in accordance with ISO 14001, the environmental management standard that was developed to help organizations manage the environmental impacts of their processes, products and services. i. International Regulations The principal international convention governing marine pollution prevention and response is MARPOL. a. Preventing and Minimizing Pollution MARPOL contains requirements designed to prevent and minimize both accidental and operational pollution by oil, sewage, garbage and air emissions and the provision of facilities at ports and terminals for the reception of sewage and sets forth specific requirements related to vessel operations, equipment, recordkeeping and reporting that are designed to prevent and minimize pollution. All our ships must carry an International Oil Pollution Prevention Certificate, an International Sewage Pollution Prevention Certificate, an International Air Pollution Prevention Certificate and a Garbage Management Plan. Administrative, civil and criminal penalties may be assessed for violations. The ship’s Flag State issues these certificates, which evidence their compliance with the MARPOL regulations regarding prevention of pollution by oil, sewage, garbage and air emissions. MARPOL’s requirements for air emissions from vessels are designed to reduce emissions of sulfur oxides (“SOx”), nitrogen oxides (“NOx”), particulate matter and GHG emissions. b. Sulfur Emissions The IMO has a global 0.5% sulfur cap for marine fuel. The options to comply with this sulfur cap include the installation and use of Advanced Air Quality Systems, or the use of low sulfur or alternative fuels. MARPOL further specifies requirements for Emission Control Areas (“ECAs”) with stricter limitations on sulfur emissions content in these areas, requiring ships to use fuel with a sulfur content of no more than 0.1%, or to use alternative emission reduction methods, such as Advanced Air Quality Systems. We have Advanced Air Quality Systems on most of our ships, which are aiding in compliance with the applicable sulfur requirements. We use Advanced Air Quality Systems wherever possible subject to local laws and regulations. c. Greenhouse Gas Emissions The IMO has established technical and operational measures for all ships that are intended to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions from international shipping. The technical measures apply to the design of new vessels and the operational measures apply to all vessels. The IMO mandates a data collection system for reporting fuel oil consumption. In 2023, MARPOL changes in support of the IMO’s GHG emission reduction goals went into effect and include an operational measure called the Carbon Intensity Indicator (“CII”), an annual CO 2 intensity emissions performance measure, and a technical measure called the Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index (“EEXI”), a measure similar to the Energy Efficiency Design Index (“EEDI”) for newbuilds, that confirms for a specific condition that a ship meets a target CO 2 emission intensity. The EEXI has not had a material impact and the impact for CII is uncertain as it remains under review and the enforcement mechanism of the regulation is still to be defined. The IMO’s 2023 Strategy on Reduction of GHG Emissions from Ships (“IMO Strategy”) strives to peak GHG emissions from international shipping as soon as possible and to reach net zero GHG emissions on a basis by or around 2050. The IMO Strategy includes checkpoints in 2030 and 2040 that seek reductions in the absolute GHG emissions from international shipping by at least 20% and 70%, respectively, compared to 2008. It also includes a target of a 40% reduction in CO 2 emissions intensity by 2030 compared to 2008. In April 2025, the IMO drafted the Net Zero Framework, a set of fuel standards and measures that could result in increased costs, which may have a material impact on our profitability. In October 2025, IMO member states voted to postpone the adoption discussions until late 2026. The postponement introduces additional uncertainty regarding its likelihood for adoption and its final form. 18 d. Ballast Water Ballast water is water used to stabilize ships at sea and maintain safe operating conditions throughout a voyage. The IMO’s Ballast Water Management Convention governs the discharge of ballast water from ships, establishes ballast water management practices for environmental protection and requires the installation of ballast water management systems for existing ships. The convention also sets requirements for ballast water exchange, record keeping, and maintaining an approved Ballast Water Management Plan. ii. U.S. Federal and State Regulations The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA 90”) established a comprehensive federal liability regime, as well as prevention and response requirements, relating to discharges of oil in U.S. waters. We are required to maintain Certificates of Financial Responsibility (“COFR”) that demonstrate our financial responsibility up to the liability limits set by OPA 90 and having oil spill response plans in place. It is possible, however, for our liability limits to be broken, which could expose us to unlimited liability. Coastal states also impose liabilities and requirements beyond those imposed under federal law. Some of these state laws impose unlimited liability for oil spills and contain more stringent financial responsibility and contingency planning requirements. Most coastal states have also enacted environmental regulations that impose strict liability for removal costs and damages resulting from a discharge of oil or a release of a hazardous substance. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has the authority to regulate incidental discharges from commercial vessels, including discharges of ballast water, bilge water, gray water, paints and other substances during normal operations within the regulated waters. For our affected ships, the incidental discharge requirements are set forth in EPA’s Vessel General Permit (“VGP”), which establishes effluent limits for specific discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. In addition to the requirements associated with these discharges and more stringent requirements, the VGP includes requirements for inspections, monitoring, reporting and . In 2018, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act (“VIDA”) was signed into law and was intended to clarify and streamline discharge requirements for the incidental discharges covered by the VGP and U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”) ballast water regulations. Until the USCG regulations are final, effective and enforceable, vessels continue to be subject to the existing discharge requirements established in the VGP and the USCG’s ballast water regulations, as well as any other applicable state and local government requirements. There are a number of National Marine Sanctuaries and Marine National Monuments in force, some of which are transited through by our ships. Each area is governed by requirements that prohibit most discharges from ships. The state of Alaska requires permitting for certain discharges from cruise ships in designated Alaskan waters. Further, the state of Alaska requires that certain discharges be reported and monitored to verify compliance with standards and repeat violators of the regulations could be prohibited from operating in Alaskan waters. Environmental regimes in Alaska are more stringent than the U.S. federal requirements with regard to discharges from vessels. The state of California also has environmental requirements significantly more stringent than federal requirements for water discharges and air emissions. iii. EU, EU Member State and UK Regulations The EU has adopted a broad range of substantial environmental measures aimed at improving the quality of the environment and has directives on environmental liability and enforcement and a recommendation providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections. The European Commission’s (“EC”) strategy is to reduce emissions from ships. The EC strategy seeks to implement SOx Emission Control Areas set out in MARPOL. The EC has also implemented regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions from maritime shipping through a Monitoring, Reporting and Verification regulation, which involves collecting emissions data from ships over 5,000 gross tons to monitor and report GHG emissions on all voyages to, from and between European Union ports. The EU adopted a series of significant reforms as a part of its Fit for 55 package to meet its 2030 emissions reduction goal. The main instruments for reducing emissions are the Emissions Trading System (“ETS”), FuelEU Maritime regulation and the Energy Taxation Directive (“ETD”) as well as amendments to the alternative fuels infrastructure and renewable energy directives. 19 The ETS regulates emissions through a “cap and trade” principle, where a cap is set on the total amount of certain emissions that can be emitted. The maritime shipping sector became included in the scope of ETS in 2024, requiring ships to procure emission allowances covering 40% of their 2024 emissions inside EU waters to surrender in 2025, 70% of 2025 emissions to be surrendered in 2026 and 100% of annual emissions thereafter, to be surrendered in the following year. The cost of the EU ETS regulations in 2025 was $91 million and it is expected to be approximately $170 million in 2026. In addition, the UK plans to include domestic legs and port calls of ships engaged in international voyages under its national ETS beginning in July 2026. We do not expect complying with the UK’s national ETS for domestic shipping to have a material impact on our profitability in 2026. The FuelEU Maritime regulation, which became effective in January 2025, is a framework designed to reduce maritime emissions by increasing the use of sustainable alternative fuels and, for container and passenger ships (including cruise ships), the use of shore power. The regulation requires compliance with the maximum limits of GHG intensity of energy used on board. The stringency of these limits increases over time, and there are financial penalties for . The ETD is a framework for the taxation of energy products and sets minimum rates of excise duty to encourage a low carbon economy. Proposed amendments to the ETD will introduce new tax rates based on the energy content and environmental impact rather than volume. If adopted, these amendments will also widen the directive to include maritime fuels, which were previously exempt. To date, there is no timeline for adoption of these amendments. 5. Maritime Health Regulations We are committed to providing a healthy environment for all of our guests and crew. We collaborate with public health inspection programs throughout the world, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. and the SHIPSAN Project in the EU, to ensure that development of these programs leads to enhanced health and hygiene onboard our ships. Through our collaborative efforts, we work with the authorities to develop and revise guidelines, review plans and conduct inspections for all newbuilds and significant ship renovations. We work closely with governments and health authorities around the world to ensure that our health and safety protocols comply with the requirements of each location. In addition, we continue to maintain our ships by meeting, and often exceeding, applicable public health guidelines and requirements, complying with inspections, reporting communicable illnesses and conducting regular crew training and guest education programs. 6. Maritime Labor Regulations The International Labor Organization develops and oversees international labor standards and includes a broad range of requirements, such as the definition of a seafarer, minimum age of seafarers, medical certificates, recruitment practices, training, repatriation, food, recreational facilities, health and welfare, hours of work and rest, accommodations, wages and entitlements. The STCW, as amended, establishes additional minimum standards relating to training, including security training, certification and watchkeeping for our seafarers. b. Other Governmental Regulations Compliance with GHG regulations and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to regulations. In most countries where we source the majority of our guests, we are required to establish financial responsibility, such as obtaining a guarantee from stable financial institutions and insurance companies, to satisfy liability in cases of our of obligations to our guests. The amount of financial responsibility varies by jurisdiction based on the amount mandated by the applicable local legislation, regulatory agency or association. In Australia and most of Europe, we may be obligated to honor our guests’ cruise payments made by them to their travel agents and tour operators regardless of whether we receive these payments. We are, or may in the future become, subject to other laws and regulations which require our compliance, including those addressing antitrust, laundering, bribery, corruption, data privacy, human rights, securities and sanctions, reporting on sustainability matters, as well as human resources related matters. 20 XIX. Sustainability Sustainability forms an important element of our business strategy. Our efforts to promote the safety and of our guests and crew, protect the environment, create opportunities for our workforce, build strong relationships and support the communities we operate in and visit, reflect our core values and are key to our success. In 2021, we established sustainability goals for 2030, building on the momentum of our successful achievement of our 2020 sustainability goals. During 2024, we conducted a comprehensive review of our 2030 sustainability goals to align with our ongoing progress. This review resulted in strategic refinements to our sustainability roadmap, including the revision of existing goals, establishment of new targets and retirement of previously achieved goals. As part of the process, we also reorganized our sustainability focus areas into two overarching themes, People and Planet. Our People focus areas include – , Inclusion and Belonging and Sustainable Tourism. Our Planet focus areas include – Climate Action, Circular Economy and Biodiversity and Conservation. In addition to our 2030 goals, we are pursuing our aspiration of net zero emissions from ship operations by 2050. Achieving this goal will require energy sources and technologies that do not yet exist at scale. While fossil fuels are currently the only scalable and commercially viable option for our industry, we are closely monitoring technology developments and pioneering important sustainability initiatives in the cruise industry. Additionally, to provide a path to net zero emissions, alternative low GHG emission fuels will be necessary for the maritime industry; however, there are significant supply and cost challenges that must be resolved before viability is reached. Without clarity on low and zero carbon fuel availability, we are not currently able to make absolute emissions reduction commitments along a prescribed timeline. In our view, a commitment to achieve an absolute greenhouse gas emission reduction pathway without a clear understanding of how this will be achieved is not aligned with our approach to goal setting. While we continue to pursue our aspiration of net zero emissions from ship operations, our defined goals and targets are set based on feasible, achievable, and available pathways based on existing and emerging technologies, available fuel alternatives and proven infrastructure. We voluntarily publish Sustainability Reports that address governance, stakeholder engagement, environmental, labor, human rights, society, product responsibility, economic and other sustainability-related issues and performance indicators. These reports are not incorporated in this document and can be viewed at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com . D. Website Access to Carnival Corporation & plc SEC Reports We use our websites for the distribution of company information. Our Form 10-K, joint Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, joint Current Reports on Form 8-K, joint Proxy Statement related to our annual shareholders meeting, Section 16 filings and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed or furnished these reports with the SEC. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information when you enroll your email address by visiting the Investor Services section of our websites. The content of any website referred to in this document is not incorporated by reference into this document. E. Industry and Market Data This document includes market share and industry data and forecasts that we obtained from industry publications, other information and internal company surveys. Industry publications, including those from Cruise Industry News, and surveys and forecasts, generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Cruise Industry News is a for profit magazine company that covers all aspects of cruise operations. Their magazines and annual report cover all cruise lines and shipyards and report on all aspects of cruise operations including relevant issues, financial results, shipbuilding, ship reviews, etc. All other references to information are publicly available at nominal or no cost. We use the most currently available industry and market data to support statements as to our market positions. Although we believe that the industry publications and sources are reliable, we have not independently verified any of the data. Similarly, while we believe our internal estimates with respect to our industry are reliable, they have not been verified by any independent sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any industry data presented herein, our estimates, in particular as they relate to market share and our general expectations, involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Form 10-K. 21 Item 1A. Risk Factors . You should carefully consider the following discussion of material factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in the company’s securities risky and provide important information for the understanding of the “ ” statements discussed in this Form 10-K and elsewhere. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with other information in this Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that the company faces; operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to the company or that the company currently does not consider to present material risks to its operations. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past and reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Some of the statements in this item and elsewhere in this document are “ statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section. The ordering and lettering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect any company indication of priority or likelihood. Operational Risk Factors a. Events and conditions around the world, including geopolitical uncertainty, war and other military actions, pandemics, inflation, higher interest rates and other general concerns impacting the ability or desire of people to travel could lead to a decline in demand for cruises as well as have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operations. We have been, and may continue to be, impacted by the public’s concerns regarding the health, safety and security of travel, including pandemics, government travel advisories and travel restrictions, political instability and civil unrest, terrorist attacks, war and military action and other general concerns. The resulting impacts of these events, including a pause of our guest cruise operations, supply chain disruptions, impact on demand for cruises to neighboring regions and international sanctions and other measures that have been imposed, have significantly adversely affected, and may in the future significantly adversely affect, our business. These factors may also have the effect of heightening many other risks to our business, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, we have been, and may continue to be, impacted by heightened regulations around customs and border control, travel bans to and from certain geographical areas, voluntary changes to our itineraries in light of geopolitical events, government policies increasing the difficulty of travel and limitations on issuing international travel visas. We may be impacted by adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as inflation, global or regional recessions, higher unemployment and underemployment rates and declines in income levels. b. Incidents concerning our ships, guests or the cruise industry may negatively impact the satisfaction of our guests and crew and lead to reputational damage. Our operations involve the risk of incidents and media coverage thereof. Such incide

[truncated]