BETA Close X Carnival plc has completed a tracing exercise for shareholders with whom contact has been lost for at least 12 years, and the shares of untraced shareholders have been sold. These shareholders are invited to claim the net proceeds from the sale of their shares and any unclaimed payments, such as dividends, by contacting Equiniti Limited by April 24, 2027. If no valid claim is received by this date, the unclaimed payments will be forfeited and will belong to Carnival. Disclaimer* Notification to Untraced Shareholders MIAMI (April 24, 2026) – Carnival plc (LSE: CCL; NYSE CUK) (“ Carnival ”) announces that it initiated a tracing exercise earlier this year to trace certain shareholders with whom Carnival and its registrar had lost contact for a period of at least 12 years (the “ Untraced Shareholders ”) to help reunite those shareholders with their unclaimed entitlements. Carnival gives notice that, in accordance with its articles of association, the shares of each Untraced Shareholder who has not contacted Carnival or its registrar since the commencement of the tracing exercise have been sold. Each Untraced Shareholder is invited to claim the net proceeds of the sale of their shares and any unclaimed payments, including dividends, to which that shareholder is entitled (the “ Payments ”) by contacting Equiniti Limited by telephone at +44 (0) 371 384 2665 (lines open Monday to Friday 8:30am-5:30pm BST) or online at www.Shareview.co.uk by April 24, 2027. If no valid claim has been received by Equiniti Limited by April 24, 2027, the Payments will be forfeited by each Untraced Shareholder and will belong to Carnival. ### About Carnival Corporation & plc Carnival Corporation & plc is the largest global cruise company and among the largest leisure travel companies, with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines – AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. For more information, please visit www .carnivalcorp.com , www.aida.de , www.carnival.com , www. costacruise s . com , www.cunard.com , www.hollandamerica.com , www.pocruises.com , www.princess.com and www.seabourn.com . Registrar Contact Equiniti: +44 (0) 371 384 2665 or www.Shareview.co.uk Carnival Investor Relations Contact Beth Roberts: ir@carnival.com Carnival Media Contacts Jody Venturoni: jventuroni@carnival.com Janna Rowell: jrowell@carnival.com AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and