BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc announced the filing of a Form 8-K with the SEC on September 29, 2025, regarding the redemption of its 5.750% convertible senior notes due in 2027. The notice of redemption for the entire outstanding principal amount of these notes was issued on September 29, 2025, with the redemption date set for December 5, 2025. This announcement serves as information only and does not constitute the official notice of redemption. Disclaimer* CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K MIAMI (September 29, 2025) - Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) announces that its joint current report on Form 8-K was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2025. As further described in the joint current report on Form 8-K, on September 29, 2025, Carnival Corporation issued a notice of redemption for the entire outstanding principal amount of its 5.750% convertible senior notes due 2027, to be redeemed on December 5, 2025. This announcement does not constitute a notice of redemption. A copy of the joint current report on Form 8-K is available on the Carnival Corporation & plc website at www.carnivalcorp.com or www.carnivalplc.com . AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and