BETA Close X FTSE Russell has announced changes to the FTSE UK Index Series, effective May 6, 2026, following the proposed unification of Carnival (UK) and Carnival Corp. Carnival (UK) will be deleted from the FTSE 250 Index, and XP Power will be added to the FTSE 250 Index while being deleted from the FTSE SmallCap Index. These changes are contingent upon court sanctioning the scheme of arrangement for Carnival (UK)'s dual-listed company structure. Disclaimer* FTSE Russell 30 April 2026 Further to the FTSE notice released on 28 April 2026 in relation to Carnival (UK): Constituent Deletion, please note the FTSE 250 Index replacement and associated changes. All other details remain unchanged. Please see updated notice below: Carnival (UK): Constituent Deletion - Update Changes in FTSE UK Index Series 30 April 2026 Subject to court sanctioning the scheme of arrangement in relation to the Unification of the dual-listed company structure of Carnival (UK, constituent) and Carnival Corp (USA, non-constituent), please see details of affected indexes and effective dates below: Carnival (UK, 3121522) will be deleted from the FTSE 250 Index. XP Power (UK, B1RMWL0) will be added to the FTSE 250 Index and deleted from the FTSE SmallCap Index. All changes effective from 06 May 2026. Full details of index changes are available on the FTSE Russell website. For further information please contact FTSE Russell Client Services at info@ftserussell.com or call: Australia +61 (0) 2 7228 5659 Hong Kong +852 2164 3333 Japan +81 3 6441 1430 London +44 (0) 20 7866 1810 New York +1877 503 6437 Alternatively, please visit our website at lseg.com/ftse-russell Terms of Use | Copyright © 2026 FTSE Russell This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) XP Power Ltd. (DI) (XPP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and