BETA Close X Carnival plc reports on their block listing return for the period from April 1, 2025, to September 30, 2025, regarding the Carnival plc 2014 Employee Share Plan. The balance of unallotted securities under the scheme from the previous return was 400,625. The block scheme has not been increased since the last return. No securities were issued or allotted under the scheme during this period. Therefore, the balance under the scheme not yet issued or allotted at the end of the period remains at 400,625. Disclaimer* BLOCK LISTING RETURN Information provided on this form must be typed or printed electronically and provided to an ris . Date: 06 October 2025 Name of applicant : Carnival plc Name of scheme: Carnival plc 2014 Employee Share Plan Period of return: From: 1 April 2025 To: 30 September 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 400,625 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): nil Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): nil Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 400,625 Name of contact: Jessica Del Pino Telephone number of contact: +1-305-406-5268 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and