BETA Close X Carnival Corporation & plc has filed a joint current report on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2026, detailing an amendment to the amended and restated deposit agreement dated April 21, 2003. This amendment involves Carnival plc, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as depositary, and holders of American Depositary Receipts. Disclaimer* CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K MIAMI (February 12, 2026) - Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE/LSE: CCL; NYSE: CUK) announces that its joint current report on Form 8-K was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2026. As further described in the joint current report on Form 8-K, on February 12, 2026, Carnival plc entered into an amendment to the amended and restated deposit agreement, dated as of April 21, 2003, among the Carnival plc, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary, and all holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts. A copy of the joint current report on Form 8-K is available on the Carnival Corporation & plc website at www.carnivalcorp.com or www.carnivalplc.com . AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Carnival (CCL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and