BETA Close X Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc announced the appointment of Tobias Hestler as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective August 7, 2026, who will also join the Audit, Remuneration, and Nomination and Governance Committees. Hestler, a former FTSE 100 CFO with extensive financial leadership and healthcare sector experience, will eventually chair the Audit Committee. His prior roles include CFO of Haleon PLC and senior finance positions at Novartis. Disclaimer* Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc 06 August 2026 Hikma appoints Tobias Hestler as a Director London, 6 August 2026 - Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (LSE: HIK) (DIFX: HIK) ( Hikma ) announces the appointment of Tobias Hestler as an independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 7 August 2026. Tobias will also be appointed a member of the Audit, Remuneration and Nomination and Governance Committees with effect from 7 August 2026. Commenting on the appointment, Victoria Hull, Chair said "I am thrilled to welcome Tobias to the Hikma Board. Tobias is a transformation and growth-oriented former FTSE 100 CFO, bringing extensive financial leadership, strategic thinking, M&A, capital markets, and healthcare sector experience to the Board". As part of Hikma's Board succession planning, Tobias will be appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee, succeeding Douglas Hurt, who will step down from that role, following the conclusion of the 2027 AGM. About Tobias Hestler Tobias was Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of Haleon PLC from its listing as an independent FTSE 100 company in 2022 until 2024, having previously served as CFO designate of Haleon and CFO of GSK PLC's Consumer Healthcare Joint Ventures. Earlier in his career, Tobias held senior finance leadership roles at Novartis, including CFO of Sandoz, Novartis Consumer Health and Hexal AG. Tobias is currently a Non-Executive Director of Convatec Group PLC, Non-Executive Director and Audit Committee Chair of Alliance Pharma Limited, Advisory Board Member of Aristo Pharma GmbH and Treasurer and Trustee of the Elton John AIDS Foundation. Enquiries: Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Susan Ringdal: EVP, Strategic Planning and Global Affairs +44 (0) 20 7399 2760 Helen Middlemist, Group Company Secretary +44 (0) 20 7399 2760 This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6. There is no further information to be disclosed under the requirements of UK Listing Rule 6.4.8 of the UK Listing Rules in relation to Tobias Hestler's appointment. About Hikma: Hikma helps put better health within reach every day for millions of people around the world. For more than 45 years, we've been creating high-quality medicines and making them accessible to the people who need them. Headquartered in the UK, we are a global company with a local presence across North America, the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) and Europe, and we use our unique insight and expertise to transform cutting-edge science into innovative solutions that transform people's lives. We're committed to our customers, and the people they care for, and by thinking creatively and acting practically, we provide them with a broad range of branded and non-branded generic medicines. Together, our 9,500 colleagues are helping to shape a healthier world that enriches all our communities. We are a leading licensing partner, and through our venture capital arm, are helping bring innovative health technologies to people around the world. For more information, please visit: www.hikma.com Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (LSE: HIK) (NASDAQ Dubai: HIK) (OTC: HKMPY) (LEI:549300BNS685UXH4JI75) (rated BBB/stable S&P and BBB/stable Fitch) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hikma Pharmaceuticals (HIK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 24 minutes ago GSK 39 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 39 minutes ago Marshalls 51 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and