BETA Close X Brookfield Private Capital (DIFC) Limited has issued a statement confirming it does not intend to make an offer for Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc, in accordance with Rule 2.8 of the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers. This announcement means Brookfield and any concert parties are restricted from making a further offer for Hikma for six months, unless specific conditions are met, such as the agreement of Hikma's board or the announcement of a competing offer from a third party. Disclaimer* Brookfield Private Capital (DIFC)Ld 04 February 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.8 OF THE UK CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE "CODE"). FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 4 February 2026 Statement regarding Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc ("Hikma") Brookfield Private Capital (DIFC) Limited, acting for and on behalf of funds managed and/or advised by its affiliates ("Brookfield") notes the recent press speculation and confirms that it does not intend to make an offer for Hikma. This announcement is made by Brookfield in accordance with Rule 2.8 of the Code. As a result of this announcement Brookfield (and any person acting in concert with it) will, except with the consent of the UK Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the "Panel"), be bound by the restrictions contained in Rule 2.8 of the Code. Under Note 2 on Rule 2.8 of the Code, Brookfield reserves the right to set aside the restrictions in Rule 2.8 in the following circumstances: (i) with the agreement of the board of Hikma; (ii) if a third party announces a firm intention to make an offer for Hikma; (iii) if Hikma announces a Rule 9 waiver proposal (see Note 1 of the Notes on Dispensations from Rule 9) or a reverse takeover (as defined in the Code); or (iv) if there has been a material change of circumstances (as determined by the Panel). Enquiries: Brookfield Marie Fuller +44 (0) 20 4557 4334 Important information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute, represent or form part of any offer, invitation or solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hikma Pharmaceuticals (HIK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and