BETA Close X Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC has announced that as of June 30, 2026, its issued share capital consists of 212,220,276 ordinary shares of 10 pence each with voting rights, excluding 12,833,233 treasury shares. This total figure of 212,220,276 shares will serve as the denominator for shareholders to calculate any required notifications of their interest in the company under the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc 01 July 2026 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (the Company) Total Voting Rights and Capital LONDON, 1 July 2026 - In accordance with section 5.6.1 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (the 'Rules') , Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC notifies the market of the following: As at 30 June 2026, the issued share capital of the Company comprised of 212,220,276 Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ('Shares') with voting rights. This figure excludes 12,833,233 Shares held in treasury, which do not have voting rights. The figure of 212,220,276 may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Rules. - ENDS - Enquiries Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Helen Middlemist Group Company Secretary +44 20 7399 2760 About Hikma Hikma helps put better health within reach every day for millions of people around the world. For more than 45 years, we've been creating high-quality medicines and making them accessible to the people who need them. Headquartered in the UK, we are a global company with a local presence across North America, the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) and Europe, and we use our unique insight and expertise to transform cutting-edge science into innovative solutions that transform people's lives. We're committed to our customers, and the people they care for, and by thinking creatively and acting practically, we provide them with a broad range of branded and non-branded generic medicines. Together, our 9,400 colleagues are helping to shape a healthier world that enriches all our communities. We are a leading licensing partner, and through our venture capital arm, are helping bring innovative health technologies to people around the world. For more information, please visit: www.hikma.com Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (LSE: HIK) (NASDAQ Dubai: HIK) (OTC: HKMPY) (LEI:549300BNS685UXH4JI75) (rated BBB/stable S&P, BBB/stable Fitch) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hikma Pharmaceuticals (HIK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Liontrust Asset Management 1 hour ago Bay Capital 1 hour ago IG Group Holdings 1 hour ago Diversified Energy Company 14 hours ago Greggs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and