Across The Markets: Hikma, IHG, Harbour Energy 2025-08-07 08:44:17 (11 months ago) Related Companies: InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) , Hikma Pharmaceuticals (HIK) , Harbour Energy (HBR) InterContinental Hotels Bumper gains for the global hotelier IHG who issued interim results this morning. Despite the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, the company posted some solid progress including incremental growth in room rates, a 3.9% increase in fee margin and a 13% jump in operating profits. The company is on track to meet full year expectations and despite the aggressive capital returns seeing debts creep up, markets were quick to applaud the news. The IHG share price was up almost 6% in early trade. Hikma Pharmaceuticals Multinational pharma company Hikma also had interims out today, with operating profits tumbling 26% against tough comparatives whilst a change in the product mix was also cited as weighing on performance. Management have reiterated the outlook for the full year but investors have taken a more jaded view of the situation, with concerns over the potential for significant US tariff increases to take a toll. The Hikma share price was down more than 6% shortly after the open. Harbour Energy Positioned as one of the world’s largest independent oil & gas companies, FTSE-250 listed Harbour published interim results this morning along with news of a $100m share buyback. Strong first half results were seen with the benefits of a recent acquisition yielding a positive contribution. Revenue and other income jumped to $5.3bn from a comparative of $1.9bn and full year guidance has been upped. The Harbour Energy share price was trading almost 16% higher by 8.40am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Recommended Cash Offer for Epwin Group plc - - Epwin Group (EPWN) Half-year Results - - Harbour Energy (HBR) Termination of recommended cash acquisition by IFX - - Argentex Group (AGFX) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 3 hours ago Legal & General Group 4 hours ago BioPharma Credit 4 hours ago BioPharma Credit 5 hours ago Great Portland Estates All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and