BETA Close X Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC has announced the availability of its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, along with the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting, both of which have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are accessible on the company's website. Disclaimer* Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc 18 March 2026 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting LONDON, 18 March 2026: Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (the " Company ") announces that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the " Annual Report ") and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (the " Notice of AGM ") are today being made available to shareholders. The Annual Report and Notice of AGM can be viewed or downloaded from the Company's website at www.hikma.com/investors/2025-annual-report/ . In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1, copies of the Annual Report and Notice of AGM have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . - ENDS - Enquiries Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Helen Middlemist +44 20 7399 2760 Group Company Secretary About Hikma Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (LSE: HIK) (NASDAQ Dubai: HIK) (OTC: HKMPY) (LEI:549300BNS685UXH4JI75) (rated BBB/stable S&P and BBB/stable Fitch) Hikma helps put better health within reach every day for millions of people around the world. For more than 45 years, we've been creating high-quality medicines and making them accessible to the people who need them. Headquartered in the UK, we are a global company with a local presence across North America, the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) and Europe, and we use our unique insight and expertise to transform cutting-edge science into innovative solutions that transform people's lives. We're committed to our customers, and the people they care for, and by thinking creatively and acting practically, we provide them with a broad range of branded and non-branded generic medicines. Together, our 9,300 colleagues are helping to shape a healthier world that enriches all our communities. We are a leading licensing partner, and through our venture capital arm, are helping bring innovative health technologies to people around the world. For more information, please visit: www.hikma.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hikma Pharmaceuticals (HIK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 23 minutes ago GSK 38 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 38 minutes ago Marshalls 50 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and