ae “s = a
faealth. - #*
Within reach.

Gav
3

oe
Pharmaceuticals)

Who we are

Hikma puts better health within reach, every day.

By creating high-quality products and making them
accessible to those who need them, we are helping to
shape a healthier world that enriches all our communities.

Performance highlights

Financial highlights

Revenue

$2,875m

#14% 2022: $2,517m

Core profit to shareholders

$492m

+21% 2022: $406m

Operating profit

$367m

+30% 2022: $282m

Basic earnings per share

86c

+2% 2022: 84c

Non-financial highlights

Core' operating profit

$707m

+19% 2022: $596m

Core basic earnings per share®

223c

+23% 2022: 181c

Profit to shareholders

$190m

+1% 2022: $188m

Dividend per share

72c

+29% 2022: 56c

Value of our donated medicines

$49m

2022: $4.3m

Reduction in our Scope t and 2
GHG emissions since 2020°

15%

2022: 17%*

Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding.
the exceptional tems and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated
financial statements. A reconciliation from core to reported operating profit isincluded
within the consolidated income statement in the financial statements.

Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 14of the
Group consolidated financial statements

We have committed to reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
(market-based) by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year. Emissions data for this
report uses actual data from January to October 2023 and an uplifting exercise to
estimate quantities for October to December 2023. See page SO for further details on
‘our target and our environmental reporting methodology

Emissions for 2022 have been restated by +2% as we continue to improve our monitoring,
‘and analysis of environmental metrics

rs

Contents

Strategic report
What We 00...
Executive Chairman's statement.

Chief Executive Officer's statement
Our strategy...
Our business model
Investment case
Our progress.
Our markets ..
Stakeholder engagement

Business and financial review
Group overview.
Injectables
Branded ...........
GENETICS ons
Group performance.

Sustainability
Acting responsibly at Hikma .

Aligning with the TCFD recommendation$...-...-

Risk management
Risk management...

Going concern and longer-term viability
Non-financial and sustainability information statement...

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

Corporate governance

Executive Chairman's overview...
Corporate governance at a glance....
Board of Directors...

Executive Committee...
UK Corporate Governance Code
Committee reports
Annual report on remuneratio
Other statutory disclosures.

Financial statements
Independent auditors’ repor' 140
Consolidated financial statements. 146

Notes to the consolidated financial statement:
Company financial statements...
Notes to the Company financial statements....

Shareholder information
Shareholder information...

For more information visit
www.hikma,com

What we do

We bring patients across North America,

MENA and Europe a broad range of generic,

specialty and branded pharmaceutical products.

Our markets

North America

Our large manufacturing facilities in the
United States (US) supply generic and
specialty products across a broad range
of therapeutic areas, including respiratory,
‘oncology and pain management. We also
have two R&D facilities to support
sustainable growth.

61%

Group core revenue

c.2,150

Employees

Global reach

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the Middle East
and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in six MENA
countries, including US FDA-inspected
plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Around
2,000 sales representatives and support
staff market our brands to healthcare
professionals across 17 markets.

32%

Group core revenue

c.5,700

Employees

Europe and rest of the world

Our injectable manufacturing facilities in
Portugal, Italy and Germany have a range

of capabilities, including dedicated capacity
for oncology and cephalosporins. These
facilities supply injectable products to
North America, MENA anda growing
number of markets in Europe.

8%

Group core revenue

c.1,250

Employees

0O ts

uk @

@ Germany

Portugal QQ
Morocco @

Algeria OD

@ Manufacturing plants @ R&Dhubs @ Corporate HO

@ tay

© tunisia

OO vordan
tert OO
060 «sa

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

im)
I

1 9,100

29 8

Strategic report

760+

Employees Manufacturing plants R&D centres Products
Our business segments
Injectables Branded Generics

We supply hospitals across our markets

by our manufacturing facilities in the US,
Europe and MENA

e) Read more on page 28

Segmental revenue

with generic injectable products, supported

We supply branded generics and
in-licensed patented products from our
local manufacturing facilities to retail and
hospital customers across the MENA region.

Read more on page
30

We supply oral and other non-injectable
generic and specialty products to

the US retail market, leveraging our
state-of-the-art manufacturing facility
in Columbus, Ohio.

QD) rev rr on pues

$1,203m' | $714m
2022: $1,140m! 2022: $69im
$937m $21m
2022: $672m 2022: $14m'

$2,875m

1. During 2023, the Group has revised its injectables operating segment. Previously, the 5038 compounding business was reported under the Injectables segment and is now included
within the Others segment. 5038 compounding business’ 2022 revenue of $1 milion and operating loss of $9 million have therefore been reclassified to the Others segment,

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

Executive Chairman's statement

Hikma was founded over 45 years ago with the
mission to make high-quality medicines accessible
to those who need them. This has been our focus
every day since, and now, with new leadership and
a refreshed, ambitious strategic focus, we are well
placed for our next chapter of growth.

Said Darwazah Evolving our leadership

Fxecutive Chairman _ was delighted that the Board appointed
my long-standing colleague, Hiad Mishiawi,
as Hikma’s new Chief Executive Officer in
September 2023. Having worked closely
with Riad for three decades, | have seen the
impact of his leadership and strong focus on
execution and delivery. Riad knows Hikma
extremely well, having led our US
manufacturing operations in the 1990s,

and then in Europe during the early 2000s.
High-quality manufacturing is instrumental
to success and Riad has been an entrusted
steward of this. Riad was President of
Injectables for the past 1! years where he
has overseen significant expansion in the US,
Europe and MENA, delivering compound
annual growth for Injectables of 12% since
2011. Riad has already brought a fresh
perspective to Hikma’s strategy and | have
no doubt that he will apply his extensive
expertise to drive growth across the

Hikma Group.

Following a year as Chief Executive Officer, |
will continue to serve as Executive Chairman,
working closely with Riad and the Executive
Committee. On behalf of the Board, | would
like to congratulate Riad and | know he will
continue to bring success to Hikma, our
stakeholders and our employees over

the coming years.

44

We have had a year of excellent financial
and strategic progress and | am excited
for the opportunities ahead.”

4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

Committed to our purpose

Hikma was founded to reliably supply its
customers with the vital, and often life-saving
medications they need, We have never
strayed from this purpose and | am proud
that our 9,100 people at Hikma are guided

by it every day. This purpose also informs our
strategy and drives our growth, which further
enables us to put better health within reach,
every day. We are doing that across the US
and Europe, regularly stepping up to address
drug shortages and enabling hospitals to
provide essential medicines to their patients.
In MENA, where we have recently become the
second largest pharmaceutical company by
sales’, we provide essential medicines,
including to lower and middle-income
countries where patients might not otherwise
have access to them. As we grow, driven by
our purpose, we are having an ever-increasing
positive impact on society.

There is increasing uncertainty in the world,
with conflicts, economic and political factors
influencing the geopolitical environment.
Irrespective of this, there is always a vital
need for medicines and we will continue

to focus on making them more accessible.
Where we can act in a more humanitarian
capacity, we will, and you can find more
information on our medicine donations in
the sustainability section of this report on
page 45.

Generating returns

‘The Group delivered an excellent set

of results in 2023, ahead of our original
expectations, with Group core operating
profit increasing by 19% and core basic
earnings per share up 23%.

This is also reflected in the recent returns
generated for our shareholders. As of 31
December 2023, our shares were up 18%
over the previous twelve months, and had
delivered a total shareholder return of 76%
cover the past ten years. This compares with
the FTSE 100 of 68% and the FTSE 350
Pharmaceuticals index of 147%. We returned
to the FTSE 100 during 2023, and we are
committed to remaining an important
constituent of the London market.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

* Mindful of all our stakeholders

We are focused on delivering for all our
stakeholders, including shareholders,
customers and our talented employees
around the world and this is embedded in
our Acting Responsibly framework. Our
people are essential to our success, and at
Hikma we believe cultivating and nurturing a
culture of progress and belonging is central
to delivering on our strategy. This culture is
driven by our three core values. We're
innovative - embracing new perspectives
to find a better way and inspire each other.
We're caring - taking time to build
relationships that are grounded in
understanding, fairness and respect.

And we're collaborative, never losing sight
of the shared goal that unites us and drives
us forward. It has been my privilege to meet
with many employees across the business
this year, and | have been impressed not only
by their deep expertise but, even more so,
by their commitment to our purpose.

We also continue to build and strengthen
relationships with healthcare professionals,
regulators and governments, as well as our
suppliers and the patients and communities
we serve. You can find descriptions of how
we approach these stakeholder relationships
in the stakeholder section of this report, on
pages 20 to 25.

Environmental sustainability continues to be
front of mind for us and | am pleased with
the progress we are making against our
environmental targets.

Corporate governance
and our strong Board

1am pleased to lead a strong, diverse and
impactful Board of Directors. The Board
worked hard this year to successfully
complete the search process for our new
CEO. This thorough exercise unanimously
concluded Riad was the person best suited
for the job and has put Hikma ona strong
platform for continued growth.

‘As announced at the 2023 AGM, our former
Senior Independent Director Patrick Butler
will step down from Hikma’s Board on

29 Feburary 2024. On behalf of the Board |
would like to thank Pat for his leadership and
thoughtful counsel during his time at Hikma
You can find out more about the Board's
activities, make-up and the work of the
Committees in the corporate governance
section of this report from page 82.

Looking ahead

We are well placed for the future. We have a
strategy which focuses on our strengths while
also ensuring we are identifying and taking
opportunities to diversify and differentiate,
leveraging new technologies and driving
efficiencies. We have the leadership team in
place to ensure Hikma’s success will continue
and, most importantly, that our customers
and their patients have access to the
medicines they need.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman

41. Based on internal analysis by Hikma using IQVIA MIDAS®
Monthly value sales data for Kuwait, KSA, UAE, Jordan,
Lebanon, Egypt, Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco, MAT
Dec 2023, reflecting estimates of real-world activity.
Copyright IOVIA. All rights reserved.

CEO Statement

| am honoured to have been appointed CEO of
Hikma. | have worked at this wonderful company
for over 30 years and | am hugely passionate about
what we do. | am excited to work with my colleagues
across the globe to take Hikma forward on its next

phase of growth.

Riad Mishlawi
Chief Executive Officer

4G

With our outstanding manufacturing
capabilities, skilled people and extensive
portfolio and pipeline, | am excited for
the future."

Having been announced as Hikma’s new
Chief Executive Officer in April 2023, a role
that | officially started in September, | have
spent much of my time travelling to our sites,
meeting with our people, and working with
the wider leadership team on our growth
plans. The potential | see for the whole
Group in the years ahead is even greater
than | first thought. While there will be no
material changes to our proven strategy,
Iwill be focusing on further strengthening
‘our execution and leveraging our talent,
resources and new technologies to capture
new opportunities and on driving increased
efficiencies across the Group.

Ihave held several leadership roles during
my time at Hikma, most recently leading our
largest division, the Injectables business.
Becoming CEO is a huge honour for me
personally, and also a great opportunity

to playa key role in continuing Hikma’s
growth trajectory.

2023 - a year of good growth and
progression in all our businesses
2023 was a great year for Hikma, with all
three businesses contributing to the Group's
growth, Revenue grew 14% and core Group
operating profit was up an impressive 19%.

Injectables revenue grew 6% and core
operating profit 2%. We are the third largest
generic injectable company by volume in the
US? and have a portfolio of over 150 products.
Our operating margins are industry leading
and our strategy to focus on our portfolio and
pipeline makeup, high-quality manufacturing
capabilities, and the needs of our customers,
will continue to underpin our growth in the
years ahead. We continued to launch new
products across our markets, and were able
to supply into shortage situations in the US
and key European markets, leveraging the
breadth of our portfolio. Some supply
constraints in the third quarter were resolved
when new high speed lines in New Jersey
and Portugal became fully operational,
strengthening our ability to capture growth
opportunities going forward. We recently
appointed Dr Bill Larkins to run our
Injectables business. | have known Bill for

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

Revenue - 2023

© injectables
@ Branded
© Generics
@ Others
Total

Strategic report

Core operating profit - 2023'
42% ($1,203m) fo _ ©@ Injectables 55%
25% ($714m) [ f @ Branded 21%
33% ($937m) _/ © Generics 24%
1% (S2im)
$2,875m 1. Core operating profit is $707 million. Before

‘unallocated corporate costs of $90 milion and
‘operating loss from Other business of $9 milion,
‘core operating profit contribution from business
segmentsis $806 milion

many years and he is an outstanding operator
in the injectables space. | am excited about
the impact he will have on this important part
of our business

Branded, our MENA-based business, is very
well positioned to capture future growth at
good margins. Our 2023 performance
demonstrates this, with revenue growth of
3%, core operating profit up 16% and core
operating margin of 23.8%. These impressive
results were achieved despite the difficult
decision to halt our operations in Sudan in
April due to the ongoing conflict. We also
faced some currency headwinds due to the
devaluation of the Egyptian Pound. Excluding
this, on a constant currency basis, Branded
revenue growth was 6%. The strong margin
reflects the improvement in product mix as
we launch and grow products used to treat
chronic illnesses. We have many
opportunities for growth in MENA and | am.
confident that Branded will be a key
contributor to Hikma's future success.

Generics had an exceptional year, with
revenue up 39% and core operating profit
up 86%. Our performance, particularly at the
profit level, was driven by sodium oxybate,
which we launched at the start of the year
and benefitted from six months of exclusivity.

We were also pleased to see a broader
recovery across the wider portfolio after a
challenging 2022. We continue to invest in
our specialty portfolio and in 2023 saw good
momentum for Kloxxado®, our 8mg naloxone
nasal spray. | have spent time with the team
at our manufacturing facility in Columbus,
Ohio and | am excited by the potential to
leverage this site for additional contract
manufacturing opportunities, while also
gradually expanding our portfolio over time.

During the year, we completed an acquisition
as part of the Akorn bankruptcy process in
July for $98 million, including manufacturing
equipment and portfolio and pipeline
products that will support our US businesses.

2. IQVIAMAT December 2023, generic injectable
volumes by eaches, excluding branded generics
and Becton Dickinson

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

(On1 February 2024, the Group reached

an agreement in principle to resolve the
opioid related cases brought against Hikma
Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. by US states, their
subdivisions, and tribal nations. These cases
represent the vast majority of cases brought
against Hikma related to the manufacture
and sale of prescription opioid medications
The agreed upon settlement is not an
admission of wrongdoing or legal liability. The
Group booked a total provision of $129 million
to cover the expected settlement amount for
all related cases in North America.

Evolving our existing strategy

Ihave had significant input into developing
and implementing Hikma's strategy for many
years. Our strong track record confirms my
belief that we are on the right path. Following
my appointment as CEO, | have worked with
the leadership team to evolve this strategy to
ensure we are making the most of available
opportunities and maximising our ability

to profitably grow and operate as efficiently
as possible, In addition, to accurately track
progress against our strategy, we have
evolved our KPls and aligned them to
management's incentive plans, Our strategic
focus is centred around three core pillars:

Strive for excellence

We already have a broad product portfolio,
strong commercial capabilities, high-quality
manufacturing facilities and an extensive
network of global partners. We want to
leverage these strengths to make sure we are
capturing all the opportunities available to us,
while ensuring we are operating as efficiently
as possible. In the year ahead we will continue
to expand our manufacturing capabilities,
optimise operational efficiencies and invest
in new technologies. We will also leverage our
capacity for contract manufacturing. We will
maximise the potential of our products

by deploying a more targeted commercial
approach with customers to ensure we

make full use of our world class portfolio.

Diversify and differentiate

Expanding our portfolio across our
businesses and global markets continues to
be a fundamental priority. Although generic

medicine prices erode as competition
increases, our pipeline of new products
enables us to mitigate this while also
benefitting our customers. We are expanding
our R&D capabilities and investing in new
projects to ensure that our pipeline reflects
the future needs of our customers. This is
complemented by strategic partnerships and
acquisitions that bring complex products we
are not able to develop in-house, and enable
us to partner with others to bring novel
products to market. We also see potential to
expand selectively into adjacent markets
and businesses, for example via our sterile
compounding business in the US, or portfolio
expansion in Canada and new countries

in Europe.

People and responsibility

From my many years’ experience at Hikma,
iknow the skill, experience, commitment and
determination of our people. They are the
cornerstone of our company and without
them, our products wouldn't be developed
and launched, our plants wouldn't run and
our customers wouldn't receive the vital
medicines they need. As such, the growth

eo

Fs

Our purpose-led Ar
strategy 22
oo

re

CP) Find out more about our Strategy
on page 10

a Find out more about our KPI's
on page 16

CEO Statement
continued

and development of Hikma employees is fundamental to our strategy
and success. Our culture is one of progress and belonging and | want
to ensure we cultivate this to help empower our people to find the
best way of bringing success to Hikma and fulfilling the needs of our
customers. From recruiting and retaining the best talent, to providing
the best training we can, and fostering a workplace where everyone
feels included and can perform at their best, our people will remain

a central strength of Hikma

Our broader Acting Responsibly framework will now be embedded
within our corporate strategy. While we have always been guided by
responsibility, this should go hand-in-hand with how we go to market.
Access to medicine, for example, is a material sustainability topic, and
is reflected in our purpose. Managing our use of energy and water is
important for minimising our impact on the environment, but can also
ensure we are operating as efficiently as possible. Finally, our focus on
trust and quality is central to being a reliable supplier and minimising
the risks around us.

Long-term growth that will benefit our patients

tam truly excited about this wonderful company and the numerous
opportunities that lie ahead. We have a strong team, an impressive
history and an important purpose. | look forward to working with our
teams to leverage what we have achieved so far, and to continue
serving the needs of health care providers and the millions of
patients who rely on our medicines for better health every day.

I would like to thank the Board, and in particular the Chairman and
Vice Chairman, Said and Mazen Darwazah, for entrusting me to
lead Hikma forward.

Riad Mishlawi
Chief Executive Officer

4G

We are committed
to making medicines
more accessible.”

Establishing a leadership council

In September 2023, we established a Leadership Council (LC),
comprising 13 senior Hikma employees, to support our Executive
Committee (EC). The main objective of the LC is to significantly
improve communications among leaders at every level of our
organisation. The LC will serve as a platform for the free flow of
ideas, experience and knowledge, to continuously improve the
way we work and enhance our ability to seize new opportunities.

The LC members are now attending EC meetings on a scheduled
rotational basis and as required

[Executive]
team]

Leadership
council

Employees across all business
(divisions)

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023

Strategic report

Our leadership council

2

iy
a
- Our senior leaders
-B. : are integral to Hikma’'s
Member Responsibty ongoing success."

Basel Awad ‘Senior VP, Corporate Quality Compliance

Michael Balog Senior VP Operations, Generics Business
Patricia Bousfield Chief Information Officer

1

2

3

4 TareqDarwazeh _Senior VP, Branded Business

5 NatheerMasarweh Senior VP, Injectables Operations
6
7
8
9

Samuel Park General Counsel

HanaDarwazeh __VP, Corporate Social Responsibility

Kristy Ronco Chief Commercial Officer US Generics Business

JoelRosenstack Chief Commercial Officer US injectables Business
10 FrangoisRousselot_ VP, Supply Chain Systems and Procurement

11 AmjadWahbeh _ VP, Corporate Engineering

12 TamerJardaneh VP, Operations, Branded Business

13 FaisalDarwazeh _ VP, Business Development & Alliances

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023 9

Our strategy

Together we are building a leading generics and specialty
pharmaceutical company where everyone can thrive.

Our strategic pillars

Strive for
excellence

Our purpose-led strategy

We aim to deliver consistent i i
and profitable growth by putting (cf) Diversify and
better health within reach every day, differentiate
creating high-quality medicines
and making them accessible for
patients around the world

People and
GP) Fnsourmoresbout responsibility

our key performance
indicators on page 16

Find out more about
‘our risks on page 68

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2023