?

Within reach
Every daygum

*L87YP.
LOS 19/06/2019 #56

COMPANIES HOUSE

Jjv*

WEDNESDAY

@Hikma Pharmaceuticafs PLC
Annual Report 2018

Hikma puts

better health
within reach,

every day.

We create high-quality medicines and

make them accessible to people who
need them. Global experts with a local
presence, we think creatively and act

practically. We develop innovative
solutions that transform people's lives,

for a healthier world wherever we are.

How we have performed
Revenue Operating profit/(loss) Core? operating profit EBITDA?
Sm) ($m) ($m) ($m)

$2,070m

1950 1936

ll iil [ |

I I 2016 2017 2018

sa7im

2014 2015 I y 2018

47)

_-$460m

460

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

$492m

4
476 54 47388

20% 2015 20162017

2018

Profit/(loss) to shareholders
($m)

$282m

204 2015 2016 B 2018

(843)

Basic earnings/(loss) per share
(cents)

117.0c

140,
T li
20% 2015 2016 5 2018

351.3)

Core basic earnings per share*
(cents)

137.8c

180473 1378
nes

iil

2014 2015 20162017 2018

Dividend per share
(cents)

38c

| Il

204 2015 2016 2017

1. In 2017, the Group reported an operatingloss of $747 milion, primarily due toanimpairment 3, Earnings before interest, tax. depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges
ofthe intangible assets and property plant and equipment of the Columbus business

2. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding
the excoptionatitems and other adjustments sct out in note 6 in the Notes to the financial

statements, A reconciliation fram core to report

ted operating profits included within the

Consolidated income statement in the Financial statements

4, Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in note 15

inthe Notes to the financial statements

2018

What's inside

Contents

Strategic report

2 Whatwedo
4 Executive Chairman's statement
6 Chief Executive Officer's statement
9 Investmentcase
10 Delivering our brand promise
12 Ourmarkets
14 Ourbusiness mode!
16 Focusing on our strategy
18 Measuring our progress
Business and financial review
20 Injectables
26 Generics
32. Branded
38 Group performance
Sustainability
42 Sustainability
Risk management
53 Risk management

Corporate governance

63. Message from our Executive Chairman
64 Corporate governance at a glance

66 Boardof Directors

68. Executive Committee

69 Governance report

73 Committee reports

81 Remuneration report

105 Directors’ report

Financial statements

109 Independent auditors’ report
116 Consolidated financial statements

121, Notes to the consolidated financial statements
168 Company financial statements

170 Notes to the Company financial statements,

Shareholder informal

jn

175 Shareholder information
176 Principal Group Companies and Advisers

Chief Executive ~+ ~*
Officer's statement

Executive
Chairman’s
statement

Business and financial review

Financial
statements

pg 108

Read more content online

od www.hikma.com

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

What we do

We develop, manufacture and Our markets
market a broad range of branded
and non-branded generic
pharmaceutical products across
the US, the Middle East and
North Africa (MENA) and Europe.
We are also a leading licensing
partner in MENA.

62%

Group revenue
‘ (2097: 62%)

US. 1,900
‘employees

€.8, 400 cncioyes i i

30 manufacturing plants in 12 countries 2O

Segmental

7 revenue
R&D centres
—
[=
650 + concouns
=

2 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

Our business segments

$826m (2017: $776)
$692m (2017 se15m)

&}) $542m cor $536m)

Europe ‘:

Groiip revenue

employees

‘Group revenue”
(2017: 5%)

Strategic report | What we do

US

Our large manufacturing facilities ~
one for injectables and one for non-
injectables - supply products across

a broad range of therapeutic areas,
including respiratory, oncology and pain
management. We also have two dedicated
R&D facilities to support sustainable growth.

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the region

We have manufacturing facilities in seven
markets, including US FDA-inspected
plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Around
2,000 sales representatives market our
brands to healthcare professionals across
18 markets.

Europe and the
rest of the world

We have injectable manufacturing facilities
in Germany, Italy and Portugal, with a range
of capabilities including dedicated capacity
for oncology and cephalosporins. These
facilities supply injectable products to the
US and MENA anda growing number of
markets in Europe.

7

Injectables

Our Injectables business
develops and manufactures
generic injectable products.
Our products are sold
globally and are primarily
used in hospitals.

JB) For more information see page 20

4

Generics

Our Generics business
develops and manufactures
oral and other non-injectable
generic products. Our
products are sold in the

US retail market

BB For more information see page 26

[=]

Branded

Our Branded business
develops, manufactures

and markets branded generic
and in-licensed patented
products in MENA. Our
products are sold in the

retail and hospital markets.

£ For more information see page 32

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018 3

Executive Chairman's statement

It was more than 40 years ago that my father
founded Hikma with the purpose of making
high-quality medicines accessible to those
who need them. | am proud that our business
has always remained true to this purpose.

Transformational change

in leadership

Ithas been more than 30 years since | first held
an executive leadership role at Hikma. During
this period, the Group has grown significantly,
expanding into the US and Europe and
solidifying our position as the leading local
pharmaceutical company in MENA.

In order to deliver the next chapter of growth,
the Board and | felt that this year was the right
time to bring in new leadership. On 20 February
2018, we announced the appointment of
Sigurdur (Siggi) Olafsson as our new Chief
Executive Officer (CEO).

‘As Executive Chairman, | am working closely
with Siggi to set and deliver the strategic vision
for the Group. | have known and admired Siggi
for many years and | am confident that he is
the right person to strengthen our business,
accelerate our growth and to help us achieve
our goal of putting better health within reach
for patients across our markets.

Strong corporate governance

Over a number of years, we have been evolving
and strengthening the governance of Hikma.
This year, we continued on this trajectory, most
notably by appointing the first non-family
CEO, as discussed above. We also completed
the implementation of our succession plan

for longer-serving independent directors.
Details of the activities of the Board, and its
Committees, are laid out in the Corporate
governance section of this report.

Supporting our communities
My father's vision was that Hikma would enrich
the communities in which we operate and
enable a better quality of lfe for the patients
we ae . . we serve. We strive to fulfil this commitment
This is an exciting time for Hikma as we embark on our next by increasing access to high-quality medicines
chapter of growth. As we invest in the future, we maintain across our markets, as well as through

. 4 donations, fundraising and volunteering, This
our commitment to strong corporate governance, the highest year, we were very proud to form a four-year

quality standards and to improving the lives of our patients global partnership with Direct Relief, one of the
and our communities.”

4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

world's leading medical relief organisations,
and to become a Patron of The Prince's Trust,
the UK's leading youth charity.

Our continued commitment to strong
environmental, social and governance (ESG)
practices continues to be recognised as
demonstrated by our inclusion in

the FTSE4Good Index in 2018, Further
information on our commitment is provided
in the Sustainability section of this report

Strong financial performance

and shareholder returns

The Group has delivered a strong set of results,
in 2018, ahead of our expectations. Group core
operating profit increased by 19% and core
basic earnings per share increased by 31%.

Our improved financial performance and
significant strategic progress this year has
been reflected in our share price which
increased by 51% to 1,716p at 31 December
2018. Hikma has a long track record of creating
value for shareholders. Over the last five years,
we have delivered a total shareholder return

of 53%, exceeding the FTSE 100 and the

FTSE Pharmaceutical indices of 21% and

49% respectively, over the same period

We remain committed to delivering consistent
dividend payments. The Board has
recommended a final dividend of 26 cents

per share (approximately 20 pence per share),
bringing the total dividend for the full year

to 38 cents per share (approximately 29 pence
per share), up from 34 cents per share
(approximately 24 pence per share) in 2017.

Investing in the future

Across our markets, where increasing
competition is putting downward pressure

on prices, we need to continuously develop
new, more differentiated products to deliver
sustainable long-term growth, making pipeline
development a key strategic focus.

In recent years, we have made good progress
strengthening our R&D capabilities through
acquisitions and new hires. However, there

is still much to do to increase the number of
more specialised products in the pipeline and
improve the pace of new product launches.
We have recently strengthened our business
development capabilities and we will continue
working with global partners to co-develop,
license and acquire products.

Total shareholder returns, 2013-2018

(10)
0)
60)

Dee 13 Dec 14 Dec 15
I Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC
IB FTSE 100

I FTSE 350 Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology

Dec 7

Dec 18

Dec 16

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

Strategic report | Executive Chairman's statement

Through our venture capital arm, Hikma
Ventures (HV), we are investing in the growing
global digital health space. In 2018, we
expanded our portfolio with new investments
in Click Therapeutics and Nebula Genomics.
HV also completed its first successful exit
when one of its early portfolio investments
was acquired in 2018.

Quality without boundaries

‘As we grow our businesses and expand our
capabilities, we are benefitting from our
reputation asa consistent and reliable partner
in all of our markets. Hikma has been built

ona culture of quality that is reflected not just
in the products we manufacture but in our
people, our relationships and our thinking
Maintaining a culture with quality at its core
will ensure we continue to deliver the highest
standards in the future.

Looking ahead

Looking ahead to 2019 and beyond, |am

very optimistic for the future of Hikma.

Whilst market conditions are likely to remain
challenging, we have demonstrated the
resilience of our businesses. | believe we have
set ourselves the right strategic objectives
and have a strong leadership team in place to
deliver sustainable growth over the long term

Finally, | would like to thank my colleagues
across the Hikma family for their hard work
and dedication, and the healthcare
professionals and other stakeholders that
we serve for their continued support.

Worm geh

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman

Chief Executive Officer's statement

lam very pleased and excited to have joined Hikma

as Chief Executive Officer. It has truly been a

fantastic year and | want to thank all of our employees
for welcoming me so warmly into the Hikma family.

By inspiring and enabling our people to develop a portfolio
that meets the future needs of doctors and patients, we are
building a business that can deliver sustainable growth over
the long term.”

6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

Since joining Hikma in February 2018, | have
visited many of our sites worldwide and had
the opportunity to speak with employees
across the Group and meet with a number of
‘our customers. Having worked in the industry
for many years, | have been very impressed
with the quality of our facilities and operations
and the talent and commitment of our people.

Building a stronger leadership team
To enable stronger decision-making, execution
and accountability | have made some changes
to simplify our organisational structure, These
have included changes to the composition of
the executive team, a redefinition of individual
roles and responsibilities and the creation of
new corporate functions.

Across the Group, we have made a number
of new hires to support our leadership teams.
The expertise we have added has significantly
strengthened our key functions, including

‘our operations, commercial, R&D, business
development, legal and compliance teams
We will continue to bring in new talent and
expertise where we need it

Returning to growth

| am very pleased with the performance of the
Group this year. Group revenue was $21 billion,
operating profit was $371 million and core
operating profit was $460 million. Each of our
three businesses achieved both revenue and,
more importantly, profit growth.

The strong performance of our Injectables
business in an environment where competition
is intensifying, demonstrates the resilience of
our portfolio and the scale and flexibility of our
manufacturing facilities. | am proud of ourteam’s
response to the market shortages of injectable
pain management products in the US this year.
Our investment in additional capacity and
people to rapidly increase production of
critical medicines for hospitals demonstrated
our commitment to customers and patients
asa high-quality, reliable supplier.

During a challenging time for the US retail
generics industry, our Generics business
delivered strong growth in revenue and
Profitability this year, exceeding the
expectations we set at the beginning of 2018.
We drove strong demand for our differentiated
portfolio and started to see the benefits of

the commercial and operational improvements
we have initiated.

Our Branded business also achieved good
results in 2018, with steady growth in revenue
and profitability. We continued to improve
patient access to important medicines across
MENA, with new product launches and new
licensing agreements. In 2018, we began
implementing a tiered approach across our

18 MENA markets to prioritise our investments
and resources in the markets that offer the
highest growth potential.

While our businesses performed strongly this
year, we have refined our strategy to ensure we
can withstand increasing competitive pressure
and are positioned to deliver future growth.

We have identified three strategic priorities.

@

Hikma has a solid foundation from which

to build: a broad product portfolio,

a differentiated pipeline, strong commercial
capabilities, high-quality manufacturing
facilities and an extensive network of global
partners. We will leverage these strengths,
maximising the value of our products through
a focus on commercial and operational
excellence and a lean cost base.

Deliver more from
a strong foundation

1. Percentage of core revenue from products launched in 2018

‘and the second half of 2017.

‘Gy \ Build a portfolio that
@ anticipates future

health needs
New products that meet the evolving
needs of healthcare professionals and
patients will deliver sustainable growth in
competitive markets. While our pipeline
is good, we can do better. The 6-7% of revenue
that we invest in core R&D each year needs
todeliver a higher return. We will focus on
increasing the number of products in
our pipeline and on adding more differentiated
and specialised products. Over the next five
years, | want our annual revenue from new
launches to increase to 10% of Group core
revenue up from around 6% today’

Alongside our internal R&D programme,
we will build on our long track record of
successfully working with partners to add
innovative and differentiated products
through licensing and co-development
agreements. A great example of this is the
expansion of our partnership agreement
with Vectura this year. We are very pleased
to be building on our strong relationship to
develop and commercialise generic versions
of GSK’s Ellipta® portfolio, adding to our
pipeline of complex respiratory products.

We continue to leverage our position as
‘partner of choice’ in MENA to add new
in-licensed products to our portfolio. In 2018
this included an agreement to license and
distribute a portfolio of consumer healthcare
products from Omege Pharma Trading NV,

an affiliate of Perrigo Company PLC. We are
also using licensing as a strategy to add more
complex products to our US portfolio. in 2018
this included agreements with Hansoh
Pharmaceutical Group Co,, Ltd and Beijing
Sciecure Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

Strategic report | Chief Executive Officer's statement

EG

2019 is off to a good start

and I'm optimistic about

the year ahead. We have
developed a new strategy,
which I'm confident will deliver
sustainable growth over the
long term.”

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

Af ) Inspire and enable
i our people

Itis ultimately our people that will deliver our
strategy and achieve our ambitious growth
targets. Fostering a culture where people can
thrive is a priority in order to retain our best
people and to continue attracting new talent.

This is the second year that we have
undertaken a global employee survey. The
results pointed to several areas where we are
doing well and also identified others where we
can improve. Employee engagement was 69%
in 2018, which was a promising improvement
over last year. Continued improvement in the
levels of engagement and enablement across
the Group are a priority for all of Hikma’s
leadership team. We want to make Hikma an
inspiring place to work and we are launching
several initiatives to achieve this.

For the first time, we held a Global Leadership
Conference in 2018, which brought together
180 leaders from more than 20 countries

across our organisation. It gave us the
opportunity to collectively discuss the
future growth and direction of Hikma and
was invaluable in connecting and motivating
our global leaders.

In 2018, we launched our refreshed global
brand and transitioned all of our businesses
under the Hikma name. This is proving to.

be a powerful tool in unifying our people
behind a shared vision and purpose of putting
high-quality medicines within reach of those
who need them. The brand is helping us be
more aligned and work better together, and
articulates the value Hikma provides for
doctors and patients.

Maintaining high-quality standards
Quality has been a cornerstone of Hikma
since its inception. Our investment and
commitment to quality has always been an
important differentiator for us. In 2018, our
teams were able to supply critical medicines
to hospitals when competitors were struggling
to supply, strengthening our reputation as
amanufacturer that our customers and

CEO Siggi Olatsson presenting to Hikma's management team at the Global Leadership Conference

8 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

our global partners can trust. This was
reinforced by five US FDA inspections at

our manufacturing plants in Cherry Hill,
Columbus, Eatontown, Portugal and Germany
this year; all of these inspections resulted in
zero critical observations.

Outlook

The Group delivered a strong financial
performance in 2018 and we have started

2019 in a good position. We still have work todo
to strengthen our base business and develop
a pipeline that can deliver sustainable growth
cover the long term. However, the progress that
we have made so far is considerable and | am
confident that we can build on this to deliver
Hikma's next chapter of growth.

Our business has a positive and important
impact on people's lives around the world,
so! want to thank all of our employees,

‘our customers and our partners for helping
us to put better health within reach every
day for millions of people.

Sell

Sigurdur Olafsson
Chief Executive Officer

Investment case

Strategic report | Investment case

We have a long track record of creating value for our
shareholders. By focusing on our strategic priorities and
leveraging our strengths, we can build upon our success.

Five reasons
to invest
in Hikma

Commitment
to quality

Unique and diversified

business model

Our business is uniquely
positioned, with three distinct
business segments and strong
foundations in the US, MENA
and Europe. Our products are
sold in both the retail and
hospital markets.

Strong market
position

We are the third largest generic
injectable manufacturer and a top
ten generic company overall in the
US with an increasing market share.
In MENA, we are one of the largest
pharmaceutical companies and
the ‘partner of choice’.

Revenue by business segment

Binjectables 40%
Generics 33%
mBranded 26%
Other 1%

Large and growing

pipeline

#3 #5

Third largest generic —_—Fifth largest
injectable pharmaceutical
manufacturer ‘company in MENA
inthe US

Cash
generation

We have built our global
reputation on manufacturing
high-quality medicines. Quality
is embedded in our people,

our relationships and our thinking.
Our excellent track record of
regulatory compliance has made
us a trusted partner for our
customers and patients.

FDA inspections in 2018
with zero critical observations

Vv

5 VV

We have a large pipeline, with

an increasing proportion of more
differentiated and complex
products. We complement our
internal development with
partnerships and M&A.

300+

Products in our pipeline

We have consistently generated
strong cash flow. Our disciplined
approach to cash management
and acquisitions ensures we
maintain a strong balance sheet
and gives us the financial flexibility
to support future growth.

Free cash flow/core

‘operating profit!

1. Free cash flow is defined as net cash inflow from
‘operating activities less purchases of property, plant
and equipment

70%
il

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018

Delivering our brand promise

By creating high-quality products, and making them accessible
to those who need them, we are helping to shape a healthier
world that enriches all of our communities.

Delivering for stakeholders

For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to
transforming people's lives by providing the medicine
and support that they need every day. We are committed
to delivering our brand promise for the stakeholders

we come into contact with ~ the patients who use our
medicines, healthcare professionals, our customers,

our employees and the wider community.

Patients

We are committed to making high-quality medicines
more accessible. We have a broad and growing product
portfolio across multiple therapeutic categories, including
anti-infectives, cardiovascular, diabetes, central nervous
system, respiratory and oncology. We are continuously
investing to expand our capabilities and capacity to meet
the growing demand for our products and to ensure our
customers and patients receive the products they need,
when they need them.

Healthcare professionals

By continuously working to better understand the
needs of doctors, nurses, clinicians and pharmacists,
we are ensuring we develop a pipeline of products and
technologies that meet the future needs of patients.

In MENA, we have around 2,000 sales representatives
that meet with doctors on a daily basis and support them
in improving the healthcare available to their patients. We
regularly provide a forum for bringing together key opinion
leaders, doctors and global research institutes to share
knowledge and raise awareness.

ED To see more from our stakeholders see pages 22,28 and 34

10 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2018