Inealdn.
Within reach.
Every Cay...

mo

*AA3LWD6Z*
01/05/2021
COMPANIES HOUSE

AATURDAY

=

@Hikma PharmaceuticalSPEG
Annual Report 2020

Bouse nosivels

a

What we do

We develop, manufacture and market a

rama all paracia ay re ENPR ararmiieal
road range of gene maceutical
sTK@)

We are also a leading licensing partner.

cae athe s) ree wane || Ie
yroduets across the US,

Our markets

Europe & ROW

c.1,000

employees

us % Group core revenue

Our large manufacturing facilities in the United States (US) - one @ US 60% (2019: 61%)
for injectables and one for non-injectables - supply products across © MENA 33% (2019:33%)

a broad range of therapeutic areas, including respiratory, oncology @ Europe & ROW 7% ro. 6x

and pain management. We also have two dedicated R&D facilities
to support sustainable growth.

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed patented products
across the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in seven countries, including US FDA-
inspected plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Around 2,000 sales
representatives and support staff market our brands to healthcare
professionals across 18 markets.

Europe and the rest of the world (ROW)

We have injectable manufacturing facilities in Portugal, Germany and
Italy, with a range of capabilities including dedicated capacity for oncology
and cephalosporins. These facilities supply injectable products to the
US and MENA and a growing number of markets in Europe.

2 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

bel

c.8,600 31 7 780+

employees manufacturing plants R&D centres products
in 11 countries

Our business segments

‘Segmental core revenue

© Injectables $977m (2019: $890m)

© Generics $744m (2019: $719)

© Branded $613m (2019: $583)
Other $7m (2019:$11m)

w 6% =

Injectables Generics Branded

Our Injectables business develops Our Generics business develops Our Branded business develops

and manufactures generic injectable | and manufactures oral and other and manufactures branded generics
products. Our products are sold non-injectable generic products. and markets and sells in-licensed
across our markets and are primarily Our products are sold in the patented products in MENA. Our
used in hospitals. US retail market. products are sold in the retail and

hospital markets.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020 3

Executive Chairman's statement

At Hikma we focus on quality and
reliability in everything we do.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman

Importance of our purpose

Hikma's purpose to put better health within
reach, every day drives us to bring important,
quality and affordable medicines to people
who need them. In 2020, the COVID-19
pandemic truly galvanised this mission. | am
proud of the role we have played, along with
many others in the pharmaceutical industry,
in coming together to help healthcare
professionals and healthcare systems
manage the disease.

Throughout this challenging year, we
prioritised the health and safety of our
‘employees and | would like to thank them

all for their continued hard work and
dedication during these challenging times.
Our employees are driven by our purpose,
meaning they have continued to make an
important and meaningful impact not only in
the fight against COVID-19, but in continuing
to provide a reliable supply of the important
medicines needed by all our customers and
patients around the world.

Quality and reliability

A founding principle of Hikma is the
importance we place on quality and
reliability. Our customers trust us to deliver
high-quality and affordable medicines when
they need them. In recent years we have
invested significantly to ensure we maintain
this quality and reliability as we grow.

One example of this investment is our new
high-containment facility in Portugal,
which proved vital in fulfilling demand

for our Injectables products this year.

We responded quickly at the outset of the
pandemic, adapting our ways of working to
adopt social distancing at our facilities. All
of our plants were operating at the highest
capacity possible under the circumstances
as our people worked overtime to meet the
surge in demand. Through these efforts,
we ensured that as many of our geographies
went into lockdown, Hikma's high-quality
products continued to reach customers
and patients around the world.

4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Communities and our responsibility
to give back

Fulfilling our purpose of putting better health
within reach every day is not only about
providing medicines. We have a strong
legacy of supporting the communities in
which we live and work, and in 2020 these
efforts were particularly important.

In the US, our teams worked together to
make food donations, tackling the issue

of food security brought about by the
pandemic. Together we helped provide more
than 600,000 meals through our food bank
partnerships in Ohio and New Jersey, where
our key operational centres are located.

In Beirut, following the terrible explosion in
August, we were on the ground immediately,
delivering medicines, which we donated to
hospital groups in the region. We also worked
with the charity Anera in Lebanon to help
provide specialised medicine to nearly 100
children suffering from sickle cell disease.

You can read more about our community
outreach and stakeholder considerations
on pages 23 and 39-43 of this report.

Our culture and our people

In 2020 we introduced our new corporate
culture programme anchored on the twin
pillars of progress and belonging, and
powered by three core values: innovation,
collaboration and caring. These values
guide our behaviours and help foster an
environment where everyone is appreciated
and can do their best work.

We conducted a company-wide employee
survey, for which we had 2 90% response
rate. The results show our engagement
scores improving, highlighting the pride
that employees have in working for Hikma,

We value diversity in our workforce, and we
are implementing policies and programmes,
to ensure that we are the inclusive and
inspiring place to work that our founder set
out to establish.

We have established the Diversity Equity
and Belonging (DEB) Task Force, a sub-
‘committee of the Executive Committee,

to oversee the adoption of a more inclusive
approach to employee recruitment, retention
and promotion, In the US we have
established the Black Employees Advisory
Board, an employee-led initiative to enhance
our diversity, equity and belonging goals.

Corporate governance

‘Our CEO, Siggi Olafsson, has been in the role
for three years now and | am delighted with
the progress we have made since he joined.
Siggi has energised the business, helped us
build on our strong foundations, and not

lost sight of the important qualities and
principles upon which Hikma was founded.

This year we have seen continued evolution
of the Board, with the appointment in May
of Douglas Hurt, who has taken on the role
of Chair of the Audit Committee, and the
departure in June of Dr Jochen Gann, who
made a valuable contribution to Hikma
during his tenure. More recently Robert
Pickering, who joined the Board in 2011

and served as Senior Independent Director
from 2014, stepped down. Robert has been
a tremendous asset to Hikma and provided
invaluable counsel over the past ten years,
for which lam deeply grateful

Further detail on the activities of the Board
and its Committees are set out in the
Corporate governance section of this report
on pages 62-108.

Financial performance and
shareholder returns

Hikma performed well in 2020 with good
revenue growth and an improvement in core
profitability.

The business has cemented its strength in
the debt capital markets, with the raising of a
new $500 million Eurobond in July, following
the repayment of our previous bond in April
Furthermore, during the year we achieved
investment grade status from two ratings
agencies - an accomplishment which
reflects the quality of the business.

In June, Boehringer Ingelheim (Bi) exited
entirely from its strategic stake in Hikma,

and we took this unique opportunity to utilise
‘our balance sheet strength and repurchase

a portion of BI's holding. The purchase
highlights the Board's conviction in the
continued success of Hikma and its
long-term growth prospects. Our strong
balance sheet enabled us to comfortably
undertake this transaction whilst maintaining
continued financial flexibility.

We remain committed to paying a dividend
to our shareholders. Acknowledging the
strong financial performance in 2020, as well
as our robust balance sheet. the Board has
recommended a final dividend of 34 cents
per share. Combined with the interim
divided of 16 cents per share, this represents
14% increase in the total dividend for the
full year in 2020, to 50 cents per share
(approximately 36 pence per share), up from
44 cents per share (approximately 34 pence
per share) in 2019.

Future prospects

The strategy we set out when Siggi joined
Hikma in 2018 is delivering results. A focus
on the foundation has helped deliver

a strong performance this year, and our
pipeline is expanding as we continue

to invest in R&D to drive future growth.

Our people and culture are vital to our
success and we continue to focus on

the importance of a diverse and energised
workforce. | would like to thank all of

‘our employees, as well as our customers,
suppliers, shareholders and other
stakeholders as we look forward to
continued success in 2021

| would like to
thank all of

our employees,
as well as our
customers,
suppliers,
shareholders
and other
stakeholders as
we look forward
to continued
success in 2021.

Our values

To foster a culture of progress and
belonging, we have three core values:

Innovation
We keep learning inspire others
and find a better way

Collaboration =
We keep it simple, deliver a
together and take ownership ae
Caring fe)

We make a difference, do the
right thing and respect others

Find out more about our values on page 25.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020 5

®
4
3
F
9
6
2
3
8
g
2

Chief Executive Officer's statement

Our aim is to be a trusted and reliable
partner, putting better health

Siggi Olafsson
Chief Executive Officer

within reach, every day.

We faced a year of challenges and
‘opportunities in 2020. | am enormously
proud of how adaptive and resilient our
employees were in the face of a global
pandemic and am grateful for their
unwavering commitment to maintaining
the supply of vital medicines for patients
across our markets,

I would like to thank every one of our
employees for their hard work during this
challenging time.

Operating in challenging times
When the impact of the pandemic began to
be felt around the world, we reacted quickly,
taking early measures not only to safeguard
our employees, but also to ensure
consistency of supply of critical medicines.
We set up response teams at group, regional
and local levels, to ensure consistent
communication. Those of our employees
who could work from home did so. Our
operations teams adjusted our shift
schedules and introduced social distancing
protocols that enabled us to keep our plants
operational. Meanwhile, our procurement
team worked tirelessly with our suppliers

to manage and prevent any potential issues
in our ability to deliver finished products.

6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Asa result of our early actions, we were able
to supply our customers with vital medicines,
ensuring that we delivered on our purpose of
putting better health within reach, every day.

Whilst we saw strong demand for certain
products used in the treatment of COVID-19
patients, we also remained focused on

our broader portfolio, continuing to make
high-quality and affordable medicines
accessible, to enable people with other
conditions to live their lives

Executing on our strategy
Our strategy is focused on three pillars:

Deliver more from
a strong foundation

(gu

Build a portfolio that
anticipates future
health needs

£0

10

Inspire and enable
our people

=o

o
oo

Building on our strong foundation
When we set out our strategy in 2018, we
highlighted the importance of Hikma's strong
foundation and it is through our focus on

this that we have been able to meet the
challenges presented in 2020.

Our Injectables business played a key role

in the early response to the pandemic. In

the US, many of our established respiratory,
pain, anaesthetic and sedative products
were in high demand in intensive care wards,
as hospitals managed a significant number
of ventilated COVID-19 patients

In Europe, we further expanded our
manufacturing facilities and won important
contract manufacturing business, including
for the manufacture of remdesivir, one of the
key drugs to be used to treat patients with
COVID-19. In MENA our injectable biosimilar
products continued to perform well as we
launched into new markets.

®
4
2
F
>
a
Q
ra)
z
3
ro)
3

Our Injectables business
played a key role in the early
response to the pandemic.

Our Generics business now has a core
‘operating margin percentage in the low
twenties. We have expanded our profitability
significantly in recent years, from 4% in 2017,
and | have the team to thank for this
achievement. We ensured we were in
constant touch with our customers as we
focused on reinforcing these relationships
through an emphasis on maintaining high
service levels. We have also continued to
leverage our manufacturing flexibility,
enabling us to adjust production to meet
demand, whilst also limiting backorders.

Our Branded business has once again
delivered good revenue growth in constant
currency and stable margin despite some
COVID-19 pandemic-related disruptions.
We benefited from our strategic focus on
our Tier 1 markets, with good performances
in Algeria, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. |am
thankful to the team for navigating the
market environment, adapting our ways

of working and ensuring that our strong
presence in the MENA region is maintained

fee

©

Expanding the portfolio

During 2020, we continued to launch

new products and grow our pipeline. Our
Generics business had six launches in the
year, including generic Zortress®, where

we launched as the only available generic.
We also accelerated our launch of icosapent
ethyl capsules, following receipt of US FDA
approval and a favourable court ruling in
the year. We launched with limited quantities
and expect to increase our supply over the
course of 2021. We were pleased to receive
approval for generic Advair Diskus® at the
end of the year. We have temporarily paused
the launch of this product while the FDA
reviews an amendment to the application.
For more information on generic Advair
Diskus® please see page 31 of this report.

Our injectables and Branded business have
also strengthened and delivered on their
pipelines. The Injectables team added 77
products to our global portfolio and signed
new licensing deals. In the US we launched
propofol during the year, an important
product in the treatment of COVID-19.
patients. In MENA we agreed to licence and
distribute Sun Pharma's ILUMYA™, an
innovative biologic injectable product for
the treatment of psoriasis, strengthening
‘our biotechnology and dermatology
portfolio. Meanwhile the Branded team has
continued to launch new products, including
Reagila® (cariprazine), a medicine licensed
from Gedeon Richter, used in the treatment
of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses.
Several of our launches were carried out
virtually, with much of our promotional
activity moving away from in-person
interaction during the period due to social
distancing measures.

ae
ht

Championing our people

Our talented and dedicated employees

are the lifeblood of Hikma, and critical to
our strategy is the recruitment and retention
of the best talent. I firmly believe that having

a culture which engages and energises our
people results ina stronger business.

As set out in the Chairman's statement,

we have worked on our culture and values
during 2020. This has been an important
project for Hikma and | am excited by the
evolution that has taken place. We are
committed to building a culture of progress
and belonging, where everyone at Hikma
can do their best work.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020 7

Chief Executive Officer's statement

continued

In 2020 we
refreshed Hikma’s
values, and now
have the twin pillars
of progress and
belonging at the
heart of our culture.

Delivering a strong financial
performance

By executing our strategy, in 2020 core
Group revenue grew 6% to $2.3 billion and
core Group operating profit grew 11% to
$566 million. This strength was also reflected
in our cash flow, with a net operating cash
flow of $464 million.

Asa result of this good cash performance,
and accounting for our capital investments
made during the year, as well as the share
buyback, we exited the year with a robust
balance sheet, and gearing of 0.9x net debt
tocore EBITDA.

Operating responsibly

Hikma is committed to providing better
health, supporting education and helping
people in need.

We have several charitable partnerships
across our markets, including with Save the
Children and the Prince's Trust, through
which we support the education of young
people in need.

We are undertaking a review of our impacts
around Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) issues in 2021. Asa part
of this, we are working to understand better
our impact on the environment, and to align
our environmental disclosure and internal
processes with the recommendations of

the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD). This will ensure effective
management of climate-related issues within
‘our business as we work to both adapt toa
changing environment and limit our negative
environmental impact where we can.

You can read more about the initiatives in
place in the Sustainability section of this
report, on pages 38-51

8 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Positioned well for the future

The Group performed well in 2020 and we
have started 2021 in a strong position. am
excited about the opportunities ahead for
each of our three businesses. The Branded
business has demonstrated its resilience
and adaptability, which we will leverage

in 2021 as we introduce new products to
the market. Our Injectables business is

an established top three playerin the US,
and continues to show significant growth
in Europe and MENA. For Generics, we have
a strong pipeline of opportunities ahead
and look forward to building on the strong
2020 performance.

1am profoundly aware of the important
impact Hikma has in improving the lives of
millions of people around the world, and the
communities in which we operate. | would
like to thank all of our stakeholders, including
employees, customers, partners and
shareholders, who collectively enable us

to put better health within reach, every day.

Investment case

We have a track record of creating value
for our stakeholders. By focusing on our
strategic priorities and leveraging our
strengths, we can build upon our success.

diversified

aol!

Our business is uniquely positioned,
with three main business segments.
We have a broad and diversified
product portfolio and a growing
pipeline of new medicines, that are
sold in the retail and hospital markets.

We are the third largest generic
injectable manufacturer anda

top ten generic company in the US.
In MENA, we are one of the largest
pharmaceutical companies with
very strong brand awareness.

We have built our reputation on
manufacturing high-quality medicines
Quality is embedded in our people,

our relationships and our thinking.

Our excellent track record of regulatory
compliance has made us the partner of
choice for our customers and patients.

We have a large and growing pipeline,
with an increasing proportion of
differentiated and complex products.
We complement our internal R&D
with partnerships and M&A

We consistently generate strong cash
flow. Our disciplined approach to cash
management and acquisitions ensures
we maintain a strong balance sheet
and gives us the financial flexibility

to support future growth.

Revenue by segment
@ Injectables $977m
@ Generics $744m
© Branded S613m
© Other $7 million

Top 10

Revenue by region
@ US $1,406m

@ MENA $770m

@ Europe & ROW Si65m

#3 #5

genericcompany _largest generic largest
in the US injectable pharmaceutical
manufacturer company
in MENA

30+

US FDA inspections of Hikma
facilities over the last five
years. We have a strong
quality record

+1

plant in Portugal following
successful FDA inspection

500+

products in our pipeline

30

US products under

development or submitted

are classified as complex

$464m 52% 0.9x

operating free cash flow/ net debt/
cash flow core operating core EBITDA
profit’

1. Free cash flow's defined as net cash inflow from operating actwitiesless
purchases of property, plant and equipment

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

added new high containment

9

e
g
2
4
2
a
g
5
Fd
3
°
3
3

Our response to COVID-19

10

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to
impact people and communities around
the world, the health and safety of our people
and the millions who count on our medicines
remains our top priority.

Business response
to COVID-19

Weare fully committed to providing our customers and their
patients the medicines they need. Since the onset of the
pandemic in early 2020 we have prioritised the manufacture
of medicines that have been in highest demand, such as
respiratory, pain, anaesthetics and sedatives. We have
been operating at the highest capacity possible under

the circumstances to meet the increased demand.

(Our manufacturing sites operate to a high standard of
hygiene and, in some cases where required, under sterile
conditions. In addition, we have implemented measures
recommended by health authorities to minimise risk
including additional levels of cleaning, enhanced ventilation
and installation of protective barriers.

We are always proactively managing our inventory and stock
levels, transportation options and the availability of raw
materials and component parts. Through 2020 we worked
closely with our supplier networks to ensure business
continuity and maintained higher inventory levels to ensure
continuity of supply.

We did see some impact on our sales and marketing teams
in MENA, where our operations were impacted by social
distancing measures. In response, we moved to virtual
detailing of doctors, and hosted well-attended webinars.

We have also seen a reduction in demand for products
used in elective surgeries as these procedures have been
put on hold while the treatment of COVID-19 is prioritised.
In the MENA region, our anti-infectives products have seen
lower demand this year as social distancing measures have
reduced the prevalence of illness in communities.

While we did see some COVID-19 pandemic-related
challenges, the business performed well in the year and we
did not put any employees on furlough or make redundancies
a8 a result of the pandemic, nor did we receive any
government support.

Our long-standing commitment to our local communities
remains strong and we have been providing funding,
medicine donations, food and other essentials, with
examples provided here, and later in this report.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

We are committed to the health and safety of our employees
When the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19
outbreak a public health emergency of international concern
in January, we established a Group Incident Response Team

to keep our employees well informed,

During the various containment and closure measures put
in place around the world, our staff who were able to work
from home did so, Our IT teams worked hard to ensure all
remote-working employees were enabled to do so. We also
put in place workshops and courses to help employees with
managing worry, anxiety and stress related to the pandemic

For those in our plants, recognised as essential workers,
we increased cleaning and changed work practices to
maximise social distancing. Local response teams addressed
suspected and confirmed cases among our employees and
took action to identify close contacts and coordinate actions
to protect the remaining site population. To demonstrate our
appreciation for the extraordinary hard work and dedication
of our essential workers, we provided increases in monthly pay
during some of the most challenging months of the pandemic.

tion of employs

of employees surveyed
thought Hikma responded
effectively to the
COVID-19 pandemic

4WOd3u DI93LVHLS

Hikma has a legacy
of supporting the
communities in which
we live and work

aN

Hikma and its employees made food donations in our
communities through several initiatives including our US
matching donation campaign, distributing meal vouchers
in Morocco, and shipping meals to those

600 ooo inneedin Jordan and Portugal
'

Ensuring food security has become more essential during
the pandemic, and we remain passionate about assisting
those in need in our communities

Hikma and its employees
donated more than 600,000 meals
to our communities through __-_ Find out more about our food donation activities on page 43
several initiatives including our
US matching donation campaign

Generic medicines: a hidden hero
in the fight against COVID-19

The generics sector this year has been a vital, if often less visible, partner
in the fight against COVID-19, Our people have worked tirelessly throughout
the year to continue to supply hospitals and healthcare professionals with
the priority medicines needed for treating seriously ill patients.

The treatment of COVID-19 can involve the administration of a wide Hikma responds to
range of medicines supplied by the generics sector. Our reliable supply COVID-19 shortage

of products such as respiratory medicines, anaesthetics, sedatives and ry

anti-infectives has been crucial in ensuring patients can be intubated, with launch of propofol
ventilated and medicated when treating the most severe aspects of injectable emulsion
this illness.

May 2020

Hikma has also been able to leverage its flexible manufacturing facilities
to partner with other companies in producing vital drugs, such as remdesivir.

We are proud of the role generics have played in responding to this
global health crisis

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020 "

Our strategy

Our strategy is to make better health
more accessible by delivering more from
our strong foundation, building our portfolio
and inspiring and enabling our people.

Our strategy

Deliver

Better health.
Within reach.
Every day.
g s
Ze Q
. & YQ
x S$

Deliver more Build a portfolio Inspire
from a strong that anticipates future and enable
foundation health needs our people

12 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

We have a unique business
model, a differentiated footprint
and a strong commitment to
quality. We are building and
enhancing these assets to

drive sustainable growth.

Today's pipeline is tomorrow's
product. We are investing in our
pipeline to meet the future needs
of patients and increase access
to high-quality medicines.

Our people are delivering

our strategy. Our strong brand
and clear purpose support

a culture that enables us to
achieve our goals.

Strategic review

Management conducts a review of our strategy on an annual basis in
partnership with the Board. The comprehensive approach assesses
‘our progress’, ‘our markets’ and ‘our business model' to identify and
analyse strategic risks and opportunities over the short and long term.

Our focus is on:

- Growing our existing business

- Controlling costs and improving
processes

- Building customer relationships

- Enhancing our operations

- Ensuring full quality compliance

Our focus is on:

- Building portfolio momentum

- Investing in specialised
products and technologies

- Improving speed to market
of pipeline

- Partnering to bring innovative
products to market

Our focus is on:

-

---

. Excluding adjustments
related to the amortisation of intangible
assets (other than software) of $42 million
(2019: $34 million) and net income from
exceptional items of $67 million (2019:

$26 million), Group core operating expenses
were $647 million (2019: $587 million).

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A)
expenses were $509 million (2019:

$494 million). Excluding the amortisation

of intangible assets (other than software)
and exceptional items, core SG&A expenses

were $464 million (2019: $453 million), up
2%. The increase was primarily due to higher
employee benefits. The impact of COVID-19
on SGBA expenses was broadly neutral

with related increases in employee benefits
offset by lower marketing and travel costs.

Research and development (R&D) expenses
were $137 million (2019: $150 million).
Excluding exceptional items, core R&D
expenses were $137 million (2019: $126
million). This reflects increased investment in
our Injectables R&D programme, as we build
our pipeline of complex products. Core R80
was 6% of Group core revenue.

Other net operating income’ was $26 million
(2019: $49 million income). Excluding
exceptional items, core other net operating
expenses were $44 million (2019: $8 million
expense), primarily due to foreign exchange
losses of $30 million asa result of significant
foreign exchange movements in Sudan in
the second half of the year, and $10 million
of IT-related impairments,

The Group reported operating profit of
$579 million (2019: $493 million). Excluding
the impact of amortisation (other than
software) and exceptional items, core
operating profit increased by 11% to

$566 million (2019: $508 million) and core
operating margin was 24.2% (2019: 23.1%).

Beginningin 2020, inventory elated provisions are
reported under the cost of sales line item for both 2020
‘and 2019 comparatives. in the 2019 audited financial
statements, inventory related provisions were included
in other operating income/(expenses). The reason for
reclassification isto be in line with industry practice.
The etfect of the adjustment on the operating profit,

is shown in Note 2 of the Group consolidated financial
statements

2020, exceptional items comprised a $62 million net
impairment reversal of product related intangibles
related to the Generics business, proceeds from an
insurance claim related to a warehouse fire at one

of our faciltiesin Jordan of $i milion and $3 milion
related to PPE impairment on our generic Advair
Diskus®. Refer to Note 6 of the Group consolidated
financial statements for further information

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report2020 27

While we saw considerable variability in
demand for our injectable products over
the course of 2020 due to the COVID-19
pandemic, we were able to leverage our
broad product portfolio, new launches and
the flexibility of our manufacturing
operations to meet changing customer
needs and drive growth in Injectables
revenue and profitability

Injectables core revenue increased by 10% to
$977 million (2019: $890 million). In constant
currency, Injectables core revenue grew by 9%.

US Injectables core revenue grew 4% to.
$662 million (2019: $636 million), reflecting
good demand for certain products used in
the treatment of COVID-19, which, along with
the strength of the broader portfolio and
new product launches, more than offset the
impact of a decline in elective surgeries

MENA Injectables core revenue was
$160 million, up 10% on both a reported and
constant currency basis (2019: $146 million)
This growth reflects an increase in demand
for COVID-19 related products and
continued growth of our biosimilar products
as we increase our market share and
continue to launch into new markets.

European Injectables core revenue was

$155 million, up 44% (2019: $108 million).

tn constant currency, European Injectables
revenue increased by 41%. This reflects a
strong performance from our broad portfolio.
and new launches, particularly in Italy and
Germany, as well as good demand for
contract manufacturing, including our supply
agreement with Gitead to manufacture
remdesivir for injection.

Injectables core gross profit increased by 11%
to $563 million (2019: $505 million) and

core gross margin increased to 57.6% (2019:
56.7%), primarily reflecting revenue growth
across all regions and an improvement in
product mix in Europe and MENA.

Injectables core operating profit, which
excludes the amortisation of intangible
assets (other than software)' was $377 million
(2019: $338 million). Core operating margin

was 38.6% (2019: 38,0%), reflecting the
improvement in gross profit, slightly offset
by an increase in R&D investment and the
impact of adverse foreign exchange
movements of around $9 million, primarily
related to the Sudanese pound. In constant
currency, Injectables core operating profit
grew 14%, and core operating margin
expanded by 1.6 percentage points.

During the year, the Injectables business
launched 10 products in the US, 34 in MENA
and 33 in Europe. We submitted 230 filings
to regulatory authorities across all markets.

Financial highlights

This primarily reflects our efforts to expand
our European portfolio and register products
in new European markets. We also signed
new licensing deals, including an agreement
with Sun Pharmaceuticals for ILUMYA™ and
with Sesen Bio for Vicineum™.

In 2021, we expect Injectables revenue to
grow in the mid-single digits, reflecting
continued demand for COVID-19 related
products. particularly in the first half, and a
gradual return of elective surgeries over the
course of the year. We expect core operating
margin to be in the range of 37% to 38%.

Revenue 977 894 9% 9%
Core revenue 977 890 10% 9%
Gross profit 563 509 1% 10%
Core gross profit 563 505 11% 11%
Core gross margin 57.6% 56.7% 0.9pp pp
Operating profit 354 320 1% 13%
Core operating profit 377 338 12% 14%
Core operating margin 38.6% 38.0% 0.6pp 1.6 pp

1. Amortisation of intangible assets (other than software) was $23 million, Refer to Note 6 of the Group consolidated

financial statements for further information

Revenue

$977m

+9%

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

29

Our Gene

---

te on legal matters at each meeting

- The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports
‘on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering
product pipeline, product quality and safety and legal, regulatory
and intellectual property

Outcomes and actions

~ We regularly engage with the different regulatory bodies and have a strong
quality track record. Due to COVID-19, the FDA conducted a paper-based
inspection of our new high containment facility in Portugal, which resulted
in no observations and the plant was approved

~ The FDA approved our facilities in Portugal and Germany based on local
authority CGMP inspections and the mutual recognition agreement between
the FDAand EMA

~ 12020, we hosted 25 new FOA investigators at our Columbus facility for
training purposes

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC AnnualReport 2020-23

®
g
2
z
2
5
m
3
8
$
2

Stakeholder engagement
continued

IS

Suppliers

Who is this stakeholder group?

We have an extensive global network of suppliers who provide us with the
products needed for us to deliver our medicines. We actively engage with our
suppliers to ensure our principles of human rights and high-quality standards
are upheld.

Why is it important to engage with this group
and what do they expect from us?

Our suppliers want us to:

= uphold high ethical standards

= operate in a responsible and sustainable manner

~ work collaboratively to build strong relationships:

‘Our suppliers are critical to our business, and their products and expertise
‘support us in the delivery of high-quality medicines to patients around the
‘world. Working together and building strong relationships not only enables
Us to deliver on our brand promise but it also ensures we have a sustainable
and resilient supply chain.

Operating responsibly and ethically is vital to our long-term success, and
we work with our suppliers to ensure the social and ethical standards we
require are upheld,

How we engage across the Company

~ We conduct quality audits prior to on-boarding any new API supplier
and on a regular basis for our current supplier base

= We ask our suppliers to commit to upholding the principles of our Code
of Conduct, including our standards on human rights and modern slavery

= We conduct initial and periodic due diligence to assess third party risks and
toreinforce adherence to our principles

How we engage at Board level

~ The Board receives updates on supplier issues as part ofits review of
operational matters, such as consideration of API supply restrictions
resulting from COVID-19 related disruption

= The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports on
relevant issues, which includes a specific principal risk for API and third party
risk management

~ The Compliance, Responsibility and Ethics Committees responsible for
direct oversight of the Company's approach to ethical issues associated
with suppliers

Outcomes and actions

~ We build long-term relationships with our suppliers. This has allowed us to
ensure continuity of supply to our customers during the COVID-19 pandemic

~ We implemented online quality audits to protect our employees during:
the pandemic in their work to qualify new API sources and audit our
existing suppliers

= We rolled out new third-party due diligence process in the US and will
expand the roll out to MENA and other geographies in 2021 to reinforce
‘our supplier qualification process and reduce our risk exposure

24° Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Investors

Who is this stakeholder group?

We maintain regular contact with investors to ensure they have a strong
understanding of our business. Our investors are largely global institutions
and include both equity and debt holders.

Why is it important to engage with this group

and what do they expect from us?

Our investors expect us to:

- deliver sustainable long-term value

~ effectively communicate our long-term strategy. financial and operational
performance and growth drivers

= meet industry and global standards for good environmental, social and
governance (ESG) practices

We ensure our investors have an in-depth understanding of our operations,
financial performance, growth drivers and ESG efforts. The Board receives
regular updates and feedback on these activities. This helps ensure that the
views of our investors are considered in the Board's decision-making.

How we engage across the Company

= We maintain regular contact with our shareholders through a comprehensive
investor relations (IR) programme of conferences, roadshows and meetings

- We maintain regular dialogue with our debt holders and rating agencies

- We communicate our strategy and financial performance through regular
financial reporting and investor events, such as the Annual General Meeting

=~ Atargeted external communications programme ensures we are informing
key audiences on our strategic progress and impact on our communities

How we engage at Board level

~ The Board receives regular updates on the IR programme, including investor
feedback from the AGM, IR meetings and investor perception studies

~ The Executive Directors are informed of investor engagement activities
ona regular basis

~ The Non-Executive Directors make themselves available to meet with
investors as required in the conduct of their responsibilities (eg as Chair of
committee) and are available to shareholders at the AGM to answer related
questions

Outcomes and actions

= We maintained regular contact with our analysts and investors to give
business updates, We attended 13 conferences and met with 158 investors
in2020

~ Since March, all of our investor interaction has been virtual and we are
‘now integrating virtual engagement into our longer term IR programme

= InJune 2020, Boehringer Ingelheim, one of Hikma’s large shareholders,
Sold its entire hotding in the Group. We took the opportunity to invest in
ur business and bought back 12.8 million shares, which are held in treasury.
We reached out to our investor base, both current and potential investors,
to ensure they understood the strategic rationale

OEPOEEALES

IN...

tn NW c Ensur

---

Sustainability 48-51
High standards of conduct

Sustainability 44
Community

Sustainability 39-43,
Longterm

Our strategy 12-13
Risk management 52-59
Viability statement 59
Governance 62-108

20 ——_Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Supporting healthcare
professionals and patients

itis important that we ensure healthcare professionals (HCPs)
have the support they need to care for their patients, particularly
during challenging times. In MENA, we have a large sales,
marketing and support team that dedicate their time to meet with
doctors, clinicians and pharmacists, In 2020, our teams were able
to respond quickly to the challenges posed by social distancing
restrictions and were able to find new ways to reach healthcare
providers across the region.

We hosted over 50 well attended webinars with both international
and local speakers, which reached doctors and healthcare
professionals across the entire MENA region. These were aimed

at increasing knowledge about COVID-19 and sharing experiences
and information about dealing with different therapeutic areas
during this time. In addition, our teams helped facilitate access
between HCPs and their patients by rolling out disinfectant
campaigns and safety kits.

(a)

Patients and
healthcare
professionals

Who is this stakeholder group?

Our purpose is to put better health within reach, every day for healthcare
professionals and their patients. We engage with doctors, clinicians and
pharmacists to better understand their needs, helping them treat the patients
they serve.

Why is it important to engage with this group
and what do they expect from us?

Patients and healthcare professionals need us to
~ consistently provide a broad portfolio of products
~ improve access to high-quality affordable medicines

Itis essential that we align our commercial activities, operations and
R&D efforts to the changing needs of patients and HCPs

How we engage across the Company

~ Ourcommercial teams meet regularly with doctors and hospital clinicians
to better understand their needs and keep them informed about our product
offering and latest clinical data

= InMENA, we run regular forums bringing together key opinion leaders,
doctors and global research institutes to share knowledge and raise
awareness of healthcare trends and disease management

- We meet with patient advocacy groups for diseases such as multiple
sclerosis, cardiovascular and diabetes

How we engage at Board level

= The Board receives regular reports from the Chief Executive Officer
which include feedback from patients and healthcare professionals
and an in-depth review of our manufacturing quality programme

~ The Compliance, Responsibility and Ethics Committee is responsible for
direct oversight of the Company's approach to ethical issues associated
with HCPs_

Outcomes and actions

~ We worked closely with HCPs throughout the COVID-19 pandemic,
prioritising the manufacture of medicines in highest demand including
respiratory, pain, anaesthetics, sedatives and other support medications

~ In 2020, we conducted COVID-19 awareness campaigns to assist
patients, doctors and pharmacists in MENA to understand risks and
pubiic health guidance

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020 a

®
4
|
a
2
8
z
3
8
g
2

Stakeholder engagement
continued -

{e)

Customers

Who is this stakeholder group?

‘Our customers are our business partners and we are committed to providing
them with a consistent and reliable supply of high-quality medicines. We work
closely with Group Purchasing Organisations (GPOs), hospitals, healthcare
professionals, retailers, wholesalers and others to build strong relationships
and enhance service levels,

Why is it important to engage with this group
and what do they expect from us?

Customers need us to:

= offer a broad product portfolio

= have a consistent and reliable supply of medicines

~ maintain service levels

ur commercial teams work closely with our different customers to understand
their needs, reduce drug shortages and ensure we invest in the products,
manufacturing capacity and capabilities to meet their requirements.

How we engage across the Company

= We have commercial and sales and marketing teams dedicated to our varied
‘customer groups in the US, MENA, and Europe

= Ourcustomer discussions inform our pipeline decisions, in an effort to bring
them the products most in need

How we engage at Board level

~ Aspartof its strategic review process, the Board reviews information on
the generic pharmaceutical customer landscape

= The Board periodically receives industry updates from leading external
professional groups

Outcomes and actions

~ We worked closely with our customers to understand their needs during
the height of the pandemic and focused on maintaining continuity of supply
of our broad product portfolio

= Inthe US, we shifted manufacturing schedules and ramped up production
of fentanyl 50m vials, the dosage strength needed by hospitals to prepare
infusion bags for ventilator patients, and dexamethasone tablets to meet
increased demand

= We launched 154 products across our markets in 2020, some of which are
used for COVID-19 patients

~ In 2020, we saw an improvement in providing customers the products
they need with faster turnaround times, by working together and
improving processes

22° Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2020

Employees

Who is this stakeholder group?

Our employees have always been at the heart of everything we do.
As the driving force behind Hikma's growth and success, our people
are our most valuable asset.

Why is it important to engage with this group
and what do they expect from us?

Our employees expect us to:

= support them and provide development and growth opportunities

= protect their health and safety
= fostera diverse and inclusive culture

The passion and commitment of our people to our purpose and values is
key to delivering our brand promise and supports our growth plans. One of
our key strategic priorities is to build a culture that inspires and enables our
people, one in which our colleagues are empowered to drive innovation and
are committed to caring for cus