UL

*AB2SEAYG*
27/04/2022 #160
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

ee

Welcome to our 2021 Annual Report

Hikma puts better
health within reach
every day.

By creating high-quality products and making
them accessible to those who need them we
are helping to shape a healthier world that
enriches all our communities.

i)

See how our strategy helps

us shape a healthier world - wee .

on page 6

Strategic report Corporate governance O

2+ Whatwedo 67 Message from our Executive Chairman [o]

4 Executive Chairman's statement 68 Corporate governance at a glance Coverimage

6 Chief Executive Officer's strategic review 70 Board of Directors aerate fone unwersty

10 Investment case 72 Executive Committee with a BS in Chemistry and a

12. Stakeholder engagement 74 Governance report ‘minor in Biological Sciences.

18 Ourmarkets 80 Committee reports ‘Samantha joined Hikmain
iy : May 2019 and is a scientist

20 Our business model 89 Remuneration report inthe Analytical Research

22 Our progress 111 Directors’ report & Development department,

Business and financial review where she helps to develop

new generic drug products.

24 Group overview Financialstatements Samantha s 2 member of
26 Injectables 116 Independent auditors’ report the R&D 5S Team, which
28 Generics 124 Consolidated financial statements is focused on optimising
30 Branded 129 Notes to the consolidated financial statements podieiaeinoe
32 Group performance 180 Company financial statements teeentybecome the

Sustainability 182 Notes to the Company financial statements Columbus st leader
37 Acting responsibly Shareholder information Responsibility progrerime
50 TCD 187 Shareholder information

Risk management 188 Principal Group Companies and Advisers
54 Risk management
64 Compliance

Our performance

Financial highlights

ome oom
Revenue operating prott
$2,553m +9% $582m 1%
core operating prot carron
$632m 12% 27m +9%
Profit shareolders Basic eins per share
$421m ax | 182.3c 0%
Cove bac earings pe share Dividend per share
194.8c 3% | 54.0 +8%

Non-financial highlights

Instructor-led learning hours Established a target to reduce our
for our people Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by
25% by 2030*

47,000 25%

Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out
InNote 6 of the Group consolidated financial statements. A reconciliation from core to reported operating profit isincluded within the
‘Consolidated income statement in the Financial statements

EBITDA Is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, assets write-down and impairment charges. EBITDA is a non-iFRS measure,
‘see page 34 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results

Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 15 of the Group consolidated financial statements

‘Committed to reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year

‘See how we performed in
‘Our BuSINeSss and financial
reviewon page 24

@

We act responsibly,
advancing health and
wellbeing, empowering
our people, protecting the
environment and building
‘ust through quality in
everythingwe do. Read
more-nn page 36,

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021

1

4MOd3u D193LVULS

What we do

We bring patients across the US, MENA and Europe
a broad range of generic, specialty and branded
pharmaceutical products.

Our markets

employees

US

Our large manufacturing facilities in the
United States (US) supply generic and
specialty products across a broad range
of therapeutic areas, including respiratory,
oncology and pain management. We also
have three R&D facilities to support
sustainable growth.

9

59%

Group core revenue
(2020: 60%)

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the Middle East
and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in seven countries,
including US FDA-inspected plants in Jordan
and Saudi Arabia. Around 2,000 sales
representatives and support staff market our
brands to healthcare professionals across.

18 markets.

33%

Group core revenue
(2020:33%)

2 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021

Europe & ROW

1,050

employees

Europe and rest of the world
(ROW)

Our injectable manufacturing facilities in
Portugal, Germany and Italy have a range
of capabilities including dedicated capacity
for oncology and cephalosporins. These
facilities supply injectable products to the
US and MENA anda growing number of
markets in Europe.

'S 8%

Group core revenue
(2020: 7%)

af
Wu

c.8,700

Employees

Our business segments

Injectables

We supply hospitals across our
markets with generic injectables,
supported by our manufacturing
facilities in the US, Europe and

MENA. In the US, we have broadened
our product offering to include
compounded sterile injectables.

Segmental revenue

Branded

$669m

20

32 7

Manufacturing plants

6%

Generics

We supply oral and other
non-injectable generic and
specialty branded products in the
US retail market, leveraging our
state-of-art manufacturing facility
in Columbus, Ohio.

(2020: $613m)

Generics

$820m

R&D centres

4uOdaY DI931vEIS

670+

Products

Branded

We supply branded generics and
in-licensed patented products from
our local manufacturing facilities to
retail and hospital customers across
the MENA region.

Injectables

$1,053m

(2020: $977m)

Other

Stim

(2020: $744m)

(2020: $7m)

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021 3

Executive Chairman's statement

We operate with one driving purpose: to put
better health within reach every day.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman

Executing on our purpose

The pandemic has presented challenges for us, for
‘our customers and, most critically, for patients.
Remaining focused on our purpose ~ to put better
heath within reach, every day - we have navigated
these challenges successfully.

Since the outset of the pandemic, we have been
committed to making sure patients have the medicines
they need, when they need them. We have listened to
our customers ~ healthcare professionals, hospitals,
pharmacists, wholesalers - and have responded
quickly and effectively to their rapidly changing
demands, leveraging the breadth of our portfolio

and the quality and flexibility of our US, Europe and
MENA-based manufacturing facilities

At the same time, we have continued to strengthen
‘our operations so that we can better serve our
customers. We have placed an enhanced focus on our
procurement practices, carefully managed inventory
levels and engaged regularly with our suppliers.

Throughout the pandemic, our people have shown
an unwavering commitment to serving patient needs,
despite the many challenges that were presented. We
care for our employees and have worked hard to make
sure that they are benefitting from a strong culture and
inclusive work environment and that they have
attractive development opportunities.

4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021

Generating returns for our shareholders
Hikma has once again delivered a strong financial
performance in 2021, growing revenue, expanding core
operating margin and generating strong cash flow.
Group core basic earnings per share in 2021 grew

by 13%. Return on invested capital! was 171%,
demonstrating our efficiency at allocating capital

and generating value.

This growth is consistent with our long track record of
creating value for our shareholders. Over the last ten
years to 31 December 2021, we have delivered a total
shareholder return of 313%, compared with 94% for the
FTSE 100 and 177% for FTSE 350 healthcare companies.

We remain committed to our consistent dividend
payments and are pleased to confirm a final dividend
of 36 cents per share for 2021. Combined with the
interim dividend of 18 cents per share, this represents
2.8% increase in the total dividend for 2021

Reinforcing our commitment to quality

At Hikma, we continue to stress the importance of
quality and reliability. Quality underpins our business
in different ways, be it the medicines we deliver to our
customers, the facilities and processes we have in
place to create and sell those medicines, as well as
the quality of our people.

We have built our reputation on manufacturing
high-quality medicines, and it is important we ensure
that quality remains at the core of what we do. We
maintain this quality focus through a variety of means,
including internal quality culture campaigns, ongoing
quality audits of our manufacturing sites and key
suppliers run by our Quality team, continuous
monitoring and improvement of quality metrics and
the provision of reports to the Executive Committee
by the Hikma Quality Council

In 2021 we Introduced a new Code ot Conduct, with
quality at its centre. Our Code calls on us to adhere to
the highest ethical standards and to maintain the trust

1. Return on invested capitalis calculated as core operating profit,
after interest anc tax divided by invested capital (calculated as
total equity plus net debt)

lam immensely
proud of how our
people have

continued to deliver

on our purpose in
the face of ongoing
disruption from the

pandemic

171%

Return on invested
capital’

of our colleagues, customers and ultimately the
patients we serve.

Our responsibility

We are focused on putting better health within reach
for patients, but our approach to operating responsibly
goes beyond this. We work hard to ensure we are also
helping our communities in other ways: through
medicine and food donations, our work in supporting
education or helping in crisis situations. We also closely
track our impact on the environment, and for the first
time this year have introduced a target to reduce our
carbon emissions. The ‘Acting responsibly’ section

of this report, on pages 37 to 49 provides more
information on all of our work on these areas, with
some case studies demonstrating what we are doing,

Board evolution

Looking to 2022 and Board composition, Pamela Kirby
will not stand for re-election to the Board at our Annual
General Meeting in April. Pam joined the Board in 2014
and assumed the role of Remuneration Committee
Chair in 2016. On behalf of the Board, | extend our
heartfelt appreciation to Pam for her steady and
thoughtful counsel during her tenure.

Nina Henderson will take over as Remuneration
Committee Chair. Nina joined the Board in 2016 and
will bring extensive executive management and board
experience to this important role.

Driving future growth

Hikma has three strong businesses, an extensive
product portfolio and a broad footprint of high-quality,
flexible manufacturing facilities, all of which contribute
tothe good market positions we hold. We are now
looking to build on this, with a focus on increasingly
complex and specialised medicines, and capitalising
‘on the growth opportunities that best benefit our
customers and all our stakeholders. Importantly, in
2021, we made great strategic progress on this, with
acquisitions and business development opportunities
adding to the growth potential. We have a strategy

in place which is delivering results, as demonstrated
by our strong financial performance in 2021, and

Nook forward to keeping you updated as we continue
to grow.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021 5

4uOday DI93VHLS

Chief Executive Officer's strategic review

We have delivered another strong financial
performance through the successful execution
of our strategy, and we are investing for the future.

Siggi Olafsson
Chief Executive Officer

The past year has been one of continued progress
for Hikma, We have launched important products
across our markets, developed our portfolio and
pipeline and achieved consistency and reliability of
‘supply in a market that has continued to be impacted
by the pandemic.

While delivering for patients today, we have also
invested for the future, ensuring we are well placed to
continue to thrive and deliver on our purpose over the
long term. Crucially, we are doing this while acting
responsibly, making a positive impact on the
communities in which we operate as well as minimising
our impact on the environment.

Strategic progress

In early 2018, | set out strategic priorities for the Group
- to deliver more from our foundation, to build a
portfolio that anticipates future health needs and to
inspire and enable our people.

Since then, we have made excellent progress against
all three priorities. Each of our businesses as well as
our Group functions are on a stronger footing today
and we are well placed as we look towards our next
chapter of growth,

Deliver

Better health,
Within reach.
Every day.

eo . i we
% g
o €

6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021

Deliver more from a strong foundation

Our KPIs:

- Core revenue

- Core operating profit

~ Return on invested capital

Build a portfolio that anticipates future health needs

‘Our KPIs:
- Core revenue from new products launched

Inspire and enable our people

Our KPIs:
- Employee enablement
- Employee engagement

i)

HE) To find out more see Our progress’ on page 22.

Strong financial performance

We grew Group revenue 9% in 2021, to $2,553 million
and Group core operating profit was $632 million, an
increase of 12% on 2020. This impressive performance
was also reflected in our cash flow, with cash flow from
operating activities up 38% to $638 million.

We were able to invest in acquisitions and business
development opportunities while also maintaining
a strong balance sheet, exiting the year with gearing
of 0.6x net debt to core EBITDA

Our Injectables business achieved good growth in
2021 across all our regions. Thanks to the breadth of
our portfolio, extensive and flexible manufacturing
facilities and our resilient supply chain, this remains
a strong, differentiated business. In the US, we
continue to play a leading role in supplying hospitals
with the medicines they need and are the second
largest supplier of generic injectables by volume, with
‘our portfolio of over 120 products. Since December,
we are also supplying hospitals with compounded
pharmaceutical products out of our new sterile
compounding facility in Dayton, New Jersey.

We remain focused on having a portfolio fit for the
future, with ongoing new launches, and are also
building our portfolio and pipeline through acquisition
and partnership, including licensing two new
biosimilars for the US.

We already have experience commercialising
biosimilars in MENA, where these products
contributed to our growth in 202, We are seeing
good growth in Europe, as we increase supply of
our own products, and enter new markets, such
as France. We have also benefitted from valuable
contract manufacturing opportunities, leveraging
our extensive lyophilisation capacity in Portugal

Our strategy
continues to deliver
good financial
results and we were
pleased to grow
revenue 9% and
core operating
profit 12% in 2021

(Our Generics business has seen significant revenue
growth and margin expansion in recent years. Since
Ijoined in February 2018, we have grown Generics
revenue at a CAGR of 6% and, through our
continuous focus on optimising our cost base and
driving operating efficiencies, our margins are now
some of the highest in the industry. While the US
generic market remains highly competitive, as
evidenced by accelerating price erosion, we are
demonstrating our ability to more than offset
competitive pressures through our strong commercial
and manufacturing capabilities and the successful
execution of our pipeline.

In 2021, we added seven new products to our Generics
portfolio, including generic Advair Diskus® and our
novel naloxone nasal spray, Kloxxado™, an important
new treatment for reversing the effects of opioid
overdose. These two products are great examples

of the more complex generic and specialty branded
medicines that we are prioritising and producing

from our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility

in Columbus, Ohio.

a

In our Branded business, we have continued to
strengthen our market position across the region.

Our strategy of tiering these markets - focusing
investment in markets with the highest potential - is
paying off, with two of our Tier One markets - Algeria
and Egypt - performing strongly in 2021, more than
offsetting changes in the tender market in Saudi Arabia
during the year. Our business in Algeria is benefitting
from new product lauriches and a new oral oncology
plant - the first of its kind in Algeria. We are also seeing
good growth in our other markets such as Morocco,
Jordan and UAE.

Partnerships are of particular importance to our
Branded business and we continued to sign new
licensing agreements in 2021, strengthening our
pipeline of innovative products for our MENA markets
We have also built on our in-house R&D efforts and
our pipeline of our own branded generics.

GP) _Tefind out more see Business and financial review"
on pages 24 to 34,

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021 7

1uOdaY DI931VELS

Chief Executive Officer's strategic review
continued

Strategic priorities

Adding differentiated products

through R&D and BD

As we look ahead, we are building a differentiated
portfolio that anticipates future health needs. This
ambition is being realised as we add complex and
specialty products to our portfolio and pipeline and
is fundamental to ensuring we continue to grow.

Our R&D efforts are focussed on developing products
where there is a patient need. In 2021, we spent 6% of
revenue on R&D, in line with our target of 6% to 7%, We
also strengthened our R&D capabilities, expanding our
R&D network with the development of a new site for
complex injectables in Warren, New Jersey, and we will
be adding R&D capabilities through the acquisition of
Custopharm’, the generic injectable business.

Partnerships are integral to Hikma’s strategy. In 2021,
we entered into new partnerships and bullt on existing
‘ones in each of our businesses. Some of these
‘opportunities will contribute in the near term, while
others will help to drive future growth. The biosimilar
deals we signed with Bio-Thera and Gedeon Richter
will enable us to bring important complex injectable
medicines to the US in the medium term.

Partnerships
are integral to
Hikma’‘s strategy.
2021 saw
continued
momentum as we
entered into new
partnerships and
built on existing
ones in each of
our businesses

Selected deals signed in 2021:

Apit

AFT Pharmaceuticals for

Comboge:

[Vin the US

Melinta Therapeutics for Vabomere®
and Orbactiv® in MENA

September

FAES Farma for,Bilastine
[tablets inthe US)

Solutions for ustekinumab
(biosimilar to Stelara®) in the US

November

FAlmirall for,

in MENAY

Gedeon Richter for
denosumab (biosimilars to Prolia

and Xgeva®) in the US.

PLC Annual Report 2021

Investing in new technologies

and capabilities

In 2021, we continued to expand our manufacturing
capacity and enhance existing facilities to stay at the
forefront of manufacturing excellence. We invested in
new filling lines, expanded warehousing and enhanced
capabilities across our operational footprint. We also
invested ina new facility in Dayton, New Jersey which
will carry out sterile compounding activities for our
Injectables business. With this new facility, our focus
on quality and our deep relationships with hospitals in
the US, we will be able to satisfy a growing need for
ready-to-administer formats of medicines.

Uti g our balance sheet

We are deploying our balance sheet to build our
growth prospects. In 2021 we announced the
acquisition of Custopharm, which will expand our
portfolio of marketed products, bring promising new
pipeline opportunities, and expand our R&D
capabilities. Post year-end, we announced our
expansion into Canada with the acquisition of
Teligent’s Canadian assets. Our teams will continue to
assess opportunities as they arise to ensure we are
deploying our capital in tine with our strategy and
delivering long-term value to our shareholders.

Building our culture of progress

and belonging

Hikma is an inclusive place to work, underpinned by
our strong culture of progress and belonging and our
values: innovative, caring and collaborative.

Throughout 2021, we worked to reinforce our values
and ensure they are reflected in our strategy, practices
and policies, Shaping our culture and equipping our
people with the right tools to be at their best continues
to be of absolute importance. To this end, we evolved
our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee, which
supports diversity and inclusion initiatives, such as

‘our new employee resource groups programme,

and continued to invest in upskilling our people
through a number of hybrid learning and

development programmes.

In ayear when our people continued to adapt and
stepped up to keep our business operational, our
strong culture enabled us to be resilient, perform at
our best and provided us with the opportunity to
explore new ways of working together both internally
and with our partners and customers,

You can find more information on how we train and
retain the best talent in the ‘Acting responsibly’ section
of this report on page 42

1. Subject to FTC approval

Long-term,
sustainable growth

By executing on R&D, establishing strong partnerships,
expanding our specialty portfolio and building our
compounding business, we will further diversify and
transform our business in order to achieve the next
phase of growth,

As we do this, we must also ensure we are operating
responsibly in all aspects of what we do. We have
identified four focus areas where we can drive positive
impact: advancing health and wellbeing, empowering
our people, protecting the environment and we
building trust through quality in everything we do.

We have a responsibility for our customers and their
patients, who rely on our important medicines every
day. Our mission to advance health and wellbeing also
applies to the broader wellbeing of the communities in
which we operate and it extends to ensuring that our
‘own people are empowered by an inclusive culture
where everyone can thrive.

We are committed to protecting the environment,
are assessing our environmental impact and
understanding how we can minimise it. |am very
pleased that the Board has approved a new target to.
reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by 2030,
compared toa 2020 baseline.

How we are acting responsibly

4
ee Advancing health and wellbeing
Empowering our people

wm Protecting the environment

Y \ Building trust through quality
TS?) ineverything we do

GP) Torin out more see Acting responsibly
on pages 37 to49.

0.6x

Net debt to EBITDA

We have a duty
to act responsibly:
for our people,
patients,
communities and
the planet

1uOday D1931VuLS

Conclusion

2021 has been another year of growth for Hikma, as
well as one of advancing our future ambition. With our
expansion into compounding and securing a future
entry into the US biosimilar market, we are continuing
to ensure we remain a top Injectables business in the
US, whilst also expanding our presence in Europe and
MENA. For our Generics business, we are taking strides
forward in differentiating our portfolio, with specialty,
marketed products such as Kloxxado™, and complex
generics such as generic Advair Diskus®. Our Branded
business continues to deliver consistent growth,
leveraging our well-established presence, reputation
and expertise in the MENA region.

1am excited about how far we have come in the past
few years, and by the opportunities we have for the
future, as we continue to put better health within reach
in 2022 and beyond

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021 9

Investment case

Astrong business model with significant opportunities
to further enhance our portfolio to drive growth and
deliver value for shareholders.

Broad portfolio of over 670 high-quality products across
three businesses

~ Agile supply chain, flexible manufacturing and leading

technical capabilities

Leading supplier of both generic injectable and non-injectable
products in the US, the largest pharmaceutical market globally

~ Leading market position in MENA (4th largest pharmaceutical
cumipariy by sales) and a growing presence in Eurone

Trusted partner known for our commitment to quality and reliability
of supply

Growing presence in underserved, niche areas with an increased

Increasingly diverse portfolio focus on specialty and complex products, which offer less

and pipeline competition arid puleritial fur further morgin growth
Developing portfolio of biosimilars for the US market
Focus on higher-value therapeutic areas such as respiratory, CNS
and oncology
~ Continued investment in R&D, new partnerships, strategic
acquisitions and geographic expansion into certain markets

Good cash flow generation, with $638 million operating cash flow in

Excellent financial discipline with 2021 and low leverage of 0.6x net debt/core EBITDA?
Disciplined approach to cash management and acquisitions

a strong balance sheet and robust
. Strong balance sheet that provides financial flexibility to support
cash generation future growth

Proven track record of Group revenue CAGR' of 7% and core EBITDA? CAGR of 10%
since 2018
delivering value for shareholders ~ TSR* of 313% over the last ten years

~ Progressively increasing dividend

and a clear vision for growth

Compound annual growth rate (CAG) Is twesure uf iieon ennual roturn
Core EBITDA is earnings betore interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, assets
write-down and impairment charges/reversals. EBITDA isa non-IFRS measure,
see page 34 for reconciliation to reported IFRS results

Jotal sharenoider return (TSA) is the performanoo of Hikma sheresinrluring
Uividends poid

10 —_ Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report 2021