neal.
wh aus |

Better health.
Within reach.

Every day.

Hikma puts better health within reach, every day. By creating
high-quality products and making them accessible to those
who need them, we are helping to shape a healthier world
that enriches all our communities.

STRATEGIC REPORT

What we do
Executive Chairman and CEO statement
Our strategy

Our business model

Investment case,

Our progress

Our markets

Stakeholder engagement
Business and financial review

= Injectables

- Branded

= Hikma Rx

- Group performance

Sustainal

~ Sustainability at Hikma

- TCFD disclosure

Risk management

Going concer and longer-term viability
Non-financial and su: lity
information statement

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Executive Chairman's overview
porate governance at a glance

Board of Directors

Executive Committee

Corporate governance

Committee reports

Annual report on remuneration

Other statutory disclosures

9%
98
100
102

107
132

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Independent auditors’ report
Consolidated financii ents
Notes to the consolidated financiat
statements

Company financial statements
Notes to the Company financial
statements

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Shareholder information

Cover image

Merkuba Ercegis a Senior Lab Te a
Hikma’s Zagreb R&D hub. She helps develop
standard, complex and differentiated generic
injectable medicines.

Financial
highlights

highlights

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements
Revenue Core! revenue Operating profit

$3,349m

+7% 2024: $3,127

$3,349m

+6% 2024: $3,156m

$542m

(11)% 2024: $612m

Core operating profit,

$741m

+3% 2024: $719

Profit to shareholders

$402m

#12% 2024: $359m

Core profit to shareholders

$503m

+2% 2024: $495m

Basic earnings per share

182c

#12% 2024:162c

Core basic earnings per share?

228c

+2% 2024: 224c

Dividend per share

84c

+5% 2024: 80c

Value of our
donated medicines

$2.6m

2024: $4.1m

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
GHG emissions since 2020°

16%

2024: 17%

Employee engagement
score (2024)

73%

Strategic
progress

at

G

fan)

(G)

Driving top-line growth
6% Group core revenue growth

Increasing scale

of our manufacturing
through automation
and increased capacity

Expanding our portfolio.
84 products launched

=,
~X

Ee

Adding differentiation
to the portfolio through
acquisition and partnerships

Investing for the future
4.5% of Group core

revenue invested in R&D
for.continued growth

Positive outlook
as we build on strong momentum
with a clear strategy for growth

financiat statements,

Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 1! of the Group consolidated financial statements
We have committed to reducing Scope | and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (market-based) by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year. For reporting in this Annual Report, we have used
data from January to September 2025 and extrapolated to estimate quantities for October to December 2025, More information on this methodology can be found on our website. We
have restated our 2020 base year emissions footprint to take into account our Xellia acquisition, 2024 and 2023 comparatives remain unchanged. More details are available on page 59

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

|. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set outin Note 6 of the Group consolidated

What we do

We bring patients across North America, MENA
and Europe a broad range of generic, specialty
and branded pharmaceutical products.

North America

Our large manufacturing facilities in
the United States (US) supply generic
and specialty products to the US

and Canadian markets across a broad
range of therapeutic areas, including
respiratory, oncology and pain
management. We have an R&D hub

in Columbus, Ohio.

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the Middle
East and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in six MENA
countries, including US FDA-inspected
plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Around
2,000 sales representatives and support
staff market our brands to healthcare
professionals across 17 markets. We also
have an R&D hub in Amman, Jordan.

Europe and Rest of World

Our injectable manufacturing
facilities in Portugal, Italy and Germany
have a range of capabilities, including
dedicated capacity for oncology

and cephalosporins. These facilities
supply injectable products to North
America, MENA and a growing number
of markets in Europe. We also have

an R&D hub in Zagreb, Croatia

59.0%

Group core revenue

32.5%

Group core revenue

8.5%

Group core revenue

c.2,300

Employees

c.5,700

Employees

c.1,400

Employees

3 825+

R&D hubs Products

Manufacturing plants

us @

2 @ Germany

@ croatia
4 Z
2
On
wv

@O tenisia

Np

Portugal e-

Morocco @
(Algeria oe

@ Manufacturingplants @ R&D hubs @ Corporate HO

Following the restructuring and centralising of R&D during 2025, we now have three key R&D hubs in Columbus, Ohio, US; Zagreb Croatia; and Amman, Jordan

Our business segments

Branded

Injectables

US, Europe and MENA

@) Read more on page 32

@) Read more on page 30

1. During the year, the business formerly known as Generics was renamed Hikma Rx

““Segméntal core revenue

We supply hospitals across our We supply branded generics and
markets with generic and specialty in-licensed patented products,
injectable products, supported by supported by our local manufacturing,
‘our manufacturing facilities in the facilities, to retail and hospital

customers across the MENA region.

>

<5. Strategic report, vc Corporate governancely

~.

Hikma Rx'

We supply oral, respiratory and other
generic and specialty products to the
North American retail market, leveraging

our state-of-the-art manufacturing

facility in Columbus, Ohio.

® Read more on page 34

Hikma Rx ———— J

$1,037m
oe
Injectables
$1,423m
Branded 2
$849m i=)

Aculture of progress and belonging

We are one Hikma, supporting each Our purpose
other, driving onwards, growing our

business and pursuing our collective Better health.
promise - to put better health within oe

reach, every day. At the heart of this, Within reach.

are our three values: innovative,

: A caring and collaborative Every day.

2025
(Sm)

@ injectavies 1,423

@ Branded 849

© Hikma Rx 1,037

@ Other

Total

Our values
9

2024
Sm)

1,324
769

1,037

°

a

Innovative Caring Collaborative

Executive Chairman and

Chief Executive Officer's statement

Ensuring patients have access to the
medicines they need is at the heart of
everything we do. In 2025, we continued
to invest in our people, capabilities, and
infrastructure to strengthen our ability
to deliver high-quality, affordable

medicines across the

communities we serve.

{

ie

Hikma celebrated the twentieth anniversary
of our listing on the London Stock Exchange
during 2025 - a milestone I'm hugely proud of.
When we listed we had six manufacturing
plants, employed fewer than 2,000 people
and generated $262 million in revenue. We
now have 29 manufacturing plants, employ
over 9,300 people and generate over $3.3
billion in revenue with enviable margins and
cash generation. But more important than the
growth we have delivered is the impact we
have had on patients, providing vital, more
affordable medicines to those who need them

lam proud and energised to have stepped
back into the CEO role at the end of 2025.
Ihave a strong team around me both at a
leadership level and throughout the business
and we share a strong belief in the potential
of our business and the many exciting
opportunities ahead.

Looking back at 2025

We grew Group revenue by 7% and Group
core operating profit by 3% in 2025, in line
with market expectations. lam pleased with
what we achieved, especially in our Branded
and Hikma Rx businesses, which performed
exceptionally well. We also faced some
challenges in our Injectables business,

but | am confident that we have solid plans
in place to strengthen the long-term
foundation of the business.

Injectables

Despite facing some headwinds in the year,
the Injectables business still delivered an
impressive 9% growth in revenue. Core EBIT
margin was 31%, lower than in pervious years,
reflecting our evolving geographic mix and an
increase in products either partnered with or
produced by third parties. This dynamic will
continue into 2026, as these products are
expected to make up an increasing
percentage of Injectables revenue.

We are investing significantly in this business,
with projects across our global footprint, and

a renewed focus on R&D. Our patent-
protected, ready-to-use, room temperature
stable vancomycin bag, Tyzavan®, was
faunched in late 2025 and we are excited for
the potential of this game-changing sepsis
treatment. The team who developed
Tyzavan*, based in our R&D facility in Zagreb,
is working to build a pipeline of similarly
differentiated injectable products and

we are excited to be investing behind

these opportunities.

Work on our Bedford plant continues at pace
and we continue to expect full commercial
production to commence in 2028.

Branded

Our Branded business delivered another
strong performance in 2025, growing revenue
10% and core operating profit 19%,
reinforcing its position as a leading healthcare
company and trusted partner across MENA.
lam immensely proud of this business:
Branded consistently delivers growth

at excellent margins and our reputation

and scale in the region sets us up for
continued success.

In 2025, we continued to invest in expanding
our portfolio, introducing new products to
meet the growing needs of patients and
healthcare systems in the region. We are also
launching products beyond medicines, such
as diagnostics tools, through our partnership
with Guardant Health, as we evolve into a
full-service healthcare company in MENA
With all of this, our focus on quality,
affordability, and local partnerships remains
central to our success, enabling us to
maintain a leading position, and | am thrilled
to say that we have recently become the
largest pharmaceutical company in MENA?

Hikma Rx

During the year we renamed our US
non-injectables business Hikma Rx,
previously Generics. This is an important
evolution as the new name better reflects this

business's focus on delivering high-quality,
differentiated non-injectable prescription
medicines. In 2025, Hikma Rx has continued
tobe a driver of profit growth and a
cornerstone of our strategy.

We are investing in this business, expanding
our portfolio to meet the evolving needs of
patients and healthcare providers. Our base
portfolio of more complex products such

as nasal sprays and inhalers has been
performing well, and at the same time, we are
adding more complexity through targeted
R&D initiatives, particularly for complex nasal
spray and inhalation products.

Looking ahead, carrying out contract
manufacturing (CMO) services will be
increasingly important for this business as we
leverage our expertise and infrastructure to
drive revenue growth and deliver efficiency
and innovation across the segment. The fact
that we are guiding this year to core operating
margin of close to 20% is testament to the
improving quality of this business, which is
absolutely core to Hikma’s growth plans.

Group synergies and R&D

Hikma’s three businesses are each distinct
in their own way, but with many shared
attributes. Ultimately, each business is
developing, manufacturing and
commercialising life-saving medicines.
Aswe strive to optimise our business
performance, we are looking to capture
synergies across our global operations.

In 2025, we centralised the R&D function
under a global structure, led by our President
of Hikma Rx, Hafrun Fridriksdottir. Hafrun has
a strong background in managing global R&D
teams and hasa proven record of product
approvals worldwide. Under the new
structure, we now have three main areas of
focus: Injectables; Respiratory, nasals,
semi-solids and liquids (RNSSL); and Solid
Orals, all supported by R&D Operations and
Regulatory Affairs teams. Working
collaboratively together, this new global R&0

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial statements

Core revenue - 2025

Injectables 42.5%
25.3%
31.0%
1.2%

@ Branded
6 Hikma Rx
@ Other
Total

$1,423m
$849m

$1,037m
$40m
$3,349m

1. Core operating profit is $741 milion. Before unallacated corporate costs of $97 milion
and operatingloss from Other business of $6 milion, core operating profit contribution

from business segments s $844 milion

Core operating profit - 2025'

© Injectables
Branded
@ Hikma Rx

team will prioritise accelerating the delivery of
more high-value and increasingly complex
products across our global businesses.

We are also working to integrate Al into our
operations and have an Al Advisory Board
which oversees Al learning, digital
applications and governance.

Every stakeholder counts

From patients and healthcare professionals
to colleagues, shareholders, and the
communities we serve, we recognise that our
success depends on creating value for each
of them. We listen carefully and consider all
these stakeholders, and you can find out
more on our approach to these relationships
in the stakeholder section of this report on
pages 22 to 27.

We have also refreshed our ‘Acting
Responsibly’ framework during 2025. Access
to medicine is the guiding principle of the
framework, supported by environment,
quality and people.

‘At Hikma we are proud to be an incredibly
diverse company, with people from all
backgrounds contributing to our success.
We also continue to closely monitor and
focus on ensuring we have strong
representation of women throughout the
Group - you can see the detail behind this
in the corporate governance section of this
report, on page 94.

Governance updates

Our Board provides the strategic oversight,
diverse expertise, and independent

judgement needed to help guide the Group —— Victoria Hull will become Non-Executive

and support our management team. By
fostering robust governance and constructive

2. Based on internal analysis using data from the following
‘source: |QVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for
‘Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco,
Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and UAE, for the period: MAT
November 2025, reflecting estimates of real-world
activity. Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

challenge, the Board ensures that our
decisions align with our purpose and create
sustainable value for all stakeholders.

This year, the Board has had the chance to
see more of the operations of the Group,
including a strategy meeting at our Portugal
facility - an exciting opportunity for Board
members to engage with the wider business.

The Board also approved the Group Capital
Allocation Framework, which ensures we
have a disciplined strategy for deploying,
managing and returning capital in a manner
that supports long-term growth, financial
resilience and shareholder value creation.

During 2025, John Castellani and Nina
Henderson retired from the Board, having.
each served for nine years. The experience,
thought and dedication they have brought to
the Board and its committees has been of
great value both to me as Chairman and

‘to Hikma. | thank them for their service

to the Group. Riad Mishlawi also stepped
down from the Board and as CEO at the

end of 2025.

| took over the CEO role in December and, at
the same time, we appointed Khalid Nabilsi,
CFO, to the Board of Directors. Khalid brings
over 20 years of experience at Hikma and
will be taking on broader responsibilities,
detailed below.

Jintend to remain in the CEO role for around
the next two years, as we look to rebuild
confidence and execute our growth plans.

To ensure am fully focused on the CEO role,
lam stepping down as Executive Chairman.

Chair and Douglas Hurt will become Senior
Independent Director.

Leadership changes

We are making several adjustments to
Hikma's leadership, both to help me in the
day-to-day management of the business and
to ensure that we start moving faster and
more effectively,

We have created two new Deputy CEO
positions. Mazen Darwazah, currently
Executive Vice Chairman and President of
MENA, has been appointed Deputy CEO,
MENA, with responsibility now for all of our
activities in MENA, including MENA Injectables.

Khalid Nabilsi, currently CFO, will take on the
role of Deputy CEO, North America and
Europe and will oversee all Hikma’s activities
in North America and Europe. He will step
down as CFO.

The Board has initiated a search for anew
CFO, While the search is ongoing, Areb Kurdi,
currently VP, Group Financial Controller, will
become Acting CFO.

Hafrun Fridriksdottir, currently Global Head
of R&D and President, Hikma Rx, will add
management of our Injectables commercial
activities in North America to her
responsibilities and will become President,
North America in addition to her R&D role.

For further information on these leadership
changes, please refer to the Nomination and
Governance Committee report on page 107.

Astrategy for growth

Our ambition is clear: to build on our long
history of success and ensure that Hikma
continues to deliver sustainable growth and
long-term value. We will achieve this by
investing in innovation, expanding our
capabilities, and deepening our presence
across our key markets.

2026 will be a year where we focus on
investing to deliver that growth, in particular
in our Injectables business:

We have an exceptional team at Hikma and
our people are critical to our ongoing
success. Id like to thank all my colleagues for
their sustained efforts to ensure that Hikma
continues to grow and keeps putting better
health within reach, every day.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman and CEO

Our strategy

a leading generics and specialty pharmaceutical
putting better.health within reach, every day.

We aim to deliver consistent and profitable grommmomoulleine —

Our strategic pillars

Strive for excellence

Our
purpose-led
strategy

Diversify and
differentiate

People and responsibility

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements,

Find out more about our KPIs on page 16

Find out more about our risks on page 82

Find out more about our
strategic progress on page 28

operational efficiencies and embrace new KPls
technologies, maintaining our high quality levels ~ Core revenue
- Core operating profit
. - Return on average
our broad portfolio and strong invested capital
commercial capabilities

amore differentiated pipeline KPIs
~ Percentage of revenue from

new business over three years

into adjacent businesses and geographies

our people and cultivate a unified culture KPls
- Employee engagement
and enablement
- Reduction in Scope 1
responsibly across our local markets and 2emissions
and communities

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLE, Apnual Repo)

“a

OO

selection process across our technical platforms, accelerates
time-to-market and supports our strategic growth priorities.”

Hafrun Fridriksdottir
President, Hikma Rx and Head of Global R&D

8 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

/

jj

Our new unified R&D organisation optimises our resources,
strengthens our capabilities, standardises the product

Sees eee

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance Financial statements

Our purpose in action

Investing in R&D to drive
high-value pipeline delivery

Hikma is committed to building
a differentiated pipeline of
complex products.

Under a newly unified global R&D
organisation, we have consolidated
research capabilities into a single Group
structure with three hubs in Ohio, US,
Jordan and Croatia, specialising in
Respiratory, nasals, semi-solids and
liquids (RNSSL); Solid Orals and
Injectables. This reorganisation
optimises resources, strengthens
capabilities, standardises product
selection across technical platforms,
and accelerates time-to-market,
supporting strategic growth priorities
for our Injectables, Branded and

Hikma Rx businesses,

Complex products creating
significant market opportunities

Our pipeline focuses on both simple
and technically complex, differentiated
products addressing unmet medical
needs, for example:

We are developing a single-dose
epinephrine nasal spray for emergency
anaphylaxis treatment. With the US
epinephrine auto-injector market
forecast to be valued at approximately
$1.2 billion by 2032’, this innovative nasal
alternative offers substantial benefit
through improved ease of administration
and patient compliance.

Tyzavan® our reformulated vancomycin
ready-to-use injectable medicine is
another example of how we are adding
complexity to our product portfolio.

This patent-protected, ready-to-use
room temperature stable bag addresses
critical hospital needs for treating serious
infections including septicaemia

99
approvals

84
launches

1. www: pharmiwed.com/press-release/2024-06-17/epinephrine-auto-injectors-market-set-for-lifesaving-

‘growth-at-49-cagr-reaching-us-32-billion-by

Our business model

Our diversified business model allows us
to respond to the opportunities and threats
we face, while delivering for our stakeholders.

Better health within reach every day

Our business segments Our resources

Financial

Investment in R&D, manufacturing
facilities, partnerships and M&A
collectively enable us to expand
our product portfolio, technical
capabilities and operations.

7 People

We have a highly skilled, diverse
and effective workforce. Through
continuous investment in the
development of our people and
by hiring new talent, we secure
our future.

Injectables

Values

Our culture of progress
and belonging is backed
by our values - innovative,
collaborative and caring.

Relationships

Strong relationships with
regulators, customers and health
authorities across all our markets,
and successful collaborations
with industry partners, enable
us to deliver on our purpose.

Capabilities

We have extensive commercial,
R&D, manufacturing and distribution
capabilities across our markets,
focused on quality and efficiency.

@ © @ © ®

10 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial statements

What we do

&

Offer a broad product portfolio

We offer a broad and differentiated
portfolio of more than 825 products.
Itincludes high-quality generic and
branded generic medicines, and

a growing number of in-licensed, innovative,
specialty and compounded products.

Develop and innovate

We are developing a more differentiated
pipeline to meet the evolving needs of
patients and healthcare professionals
through investments in R&D, partnerships
and strategic acquisitions.

Manufacture and maintain quality

Our extensive and high-quality
manufacturing capabilities are at the heart
of what we do. We have 29 plants across the
Group that supply our global markets with

a broad range of injectable, oral, respiratory
and other generic and specialty products,
including 13 US FDA-inspected plants and
12 EMA-inspected plants.

Market across geographies

We distribute our products through
experienced sales and marketing teams.
In the MENA region, where we have a focus
on branded products, around 2,000
representatives and support staff market
our brands to doctors and pharmacists,
while our sales teams in North America
and Europe sell to wholesalers, pharmacy
chains, governments and hospital
purchasing organisations.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

The value we create

Patient benefits

We provide patients across
‘our markets with high-quality
medicines.

825+

Products

Empowering our people
By focusing on the development
of our people, we provide long
and rewarding careers for our
talented and diverse workforce.

73%

Employee
engagement
score (2024)

69%

Employee
enablement
score (2024)

Return on average
invested capital
We have a strong track

record of generating high
returns on our investments.

1. See reconciliation on page 37

16%

Sustainable business

We act responsibly, advancing
health and wellbeing,
empowering our people,
protecting the environment
and building trust through
quality in everything we do.

and 2omissions since
base year 2020

@ Find out more about our KPIs on page 16

"

Investment case

A strong business model with significant opportunities
to further enhance our portfolio, drive growth and
deliver value for shareholders.

A solid platform with a
unique business model

Increasingly diverse
portfolio and pipeline

Our presence and positioning Broad portfolio and growing

investment in R&D

- Abroad portfolio that is tailored to local market needs

- Aspiration to spend to c.5% to 6% of Group revenue
‘on R&D to ensure the consistent development of
new products

Leading market positions
77 - 7th largest generic pharma company in the US!

~ Largest pharma company in MENA?

- Growing presence in specialty, complex and higher-
value products, which offer less competition and

O Expanding manufacturing footprint
29 plants across our markets, with additional higher margins

facilities being established

gh Global player with local expertise
Trust, quality and agility
We are a trusted partner known
for our commitment to quality
and reliability of supply

We work closely with governments
SQ and regulators to ensure highest

quality standards

- Strong momentum in new product launches across
our markets

Innovation through partnerships
and acquisitions

- Enhancing our pipeline by adding innovative products
through value-creating partnerships

- Adding to the strength of our base business through
strategic acquisitions

84 300+

Agile supply chain, flexible manufacturing launches in 2025 products in our pipeline
v and leading technical capabilities

1. IQVIA MAT November 2025, includes all generic injectable and generic non-injectable products, by sales

2. Based on internal analysis using data from the following source: IOVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and
UAE, for the period: MAT November 2025. reflecting estimates of real-world activity. Copyright IOVIA. Allrights reserved

3. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance af the Group, excluding the exceptional terns and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated financial
statements. Core results are a non-IFRS measure. See page 37 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results

4. Core EBITDAis core operating profit before depreciation and software amortisation.

5. Seé reconciliation on page 37

2 : Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance Financial statements

Aclear strategy for growth

Proven track record and
strong financial position

Strategic execution driven
by our three pillars

Delivering growth
and high returns

purpose-led
strategy

+7%

Five-year revenue

+6%

Five-year core’ EBIT CAGR:

compound annual
growth rate (CAGR)

% |16.0%
25.5% .0%
Core EBITDA margin Return on average

invested capital

Our strategic approach

Our balance sheet strength

- Enhance operational efficiencies and embrace new
technologies, maintaining our high quality levels

— Leverage our broad portfolio and strong

commercial capabilities

- Develop a more differentiated pipeline
~ Expand into adjacent businesses and geographies
~ Empower our people and cultivate a unified culture
~ Act responsibly across our local markets

and communities

- Strong cash generation with $436 million operating

cash flow in 2025

- Astrong balance sheet that provides financial
flexibility to support future growth.

1.6x

net debt/core EBITDA*

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

3

4

Our purpose in action

Investing in manufacturing

excellence at Hikma

Manufacturing excellence sits at the
heart of Hikma’s operations. With 29
manufacturing plants across the US,
Europe and the MENA region, our g

---

d performance from Hikma Rx

Link toremuneration | @ eo

1. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 5 in the Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

2. Net debt includes long and short-term financial debts and Icasc liabilities, act of cash and cash equivalents, Net debt excludes acquired contingent liability and contingent
consideration liability

3. The base year 2020 emissions and energy footprint was adjusted in 2025 to account for the Xellia acquisition of sites in the US and Croatia, More details can be found on page 60

4, For reparting inthis Annual Report, we have used data from January to September of 2025 and conducted an uplifting exercise to estimate quantities for October to December 2025,
‘More information on this methodology can be found on our website

16 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance Financial statements

Diversify and differentiate

New business
(%)

19%

1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025

People and Responsibility

Employee engagement (2024)
(%)

Employee enablement (2024)
(%)

69%

Hikma aims to run a global people survey
every two years. The last full people survey
was run in 2024, with the 2026 survey
underway. As such, we are reporting the
enablement and engagement percentages
from 2024. To find out more about our
engagement and enablement activities

for our people, refer to the stakeholder
engagement on page 22 and empowering
our people on page 52.

Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
emissions reduction (%)

16%

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
since base year 2020

2020° 2026¢
Total emissions

(tCO,e) 155,142

% reduction

from 2020 - 16%

We have committed to reducing Scope 1
and 2 GHG emissions (market-based) by
25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year

Percentage of core revenue from new
business measured over the period

New business includes products launched,
new contracts and new geographies

Global employee engagement
and enablement scores

Change in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions using
22020 baseline

This metric measures our ability to extract
value from our global product pipeline
and new business opportunities

Engagement measures people's pride in
working for Hikma, their willingness to
recommend Hikma as an employer and
their desire to stay long term. Enablement
measures whether people find their work
fulfilling and rewarding and whether they
feel supported to achieve their full potential

We strive to minimise our environmental
impacts and are committed to making
our operations more energy efficient

19% of revenue from new business was
a strong performance, exceeding the
threshold and max targets

We continue to make efforts to achieve our
target reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2
GHG emissions

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

”

Our markets

The global pharmaceutical market is expected to reach
$2.4 trillion in 2029, growing at between 5% and 8% per
annum.' Demographic trends and changing lifestyles are
leading to evolving healthcare needs, driving demand
for more affordable healthcare globally.

Key trends
shaping the global
pharmaceutical
market:

2.1 billion

increase in world population
bythe mid-2080s*

The world's population is projected
to reach 10.3 billion in the mid-2080s,
and with this growth will come
increased demand for medicine.

Aaa
AaaaaaaA
iene a
people aged 60 or above

expected to double by 2050°

Scientific advances, an increasingly
health-conscious society, and
improved access to healthcare

are contributing toa rise in life
expectancy. The proportion of the
population aged over 60 is expected
toalmost double from 12% in 2015
10.22% by 2050?

31 million

annual cases of cancer
expected by 2050¢

An ageing population and changing
lifestyles are contributing toan
increase in the prevalence of
cardiovascular disease, diabetes,
respiratory illnesses and cancer.
The incidence of cancer, particularly
in lower-income countries,

is expected to increase rapidly,

with an estimated increase of 61%
0.305 million cases by 2050

+35%

projected increase in global
healthcare spending by 2029'

The expected increases in demand
for healthcare will result in rising
healthcare costs, increasing
demand for more affordable
healthcare solutions,

$

°

HS

$220 billion

estimated impact of loss of
exclusivity by 2029°

This will create more opportunities
for generics and biosimilars to enter
the market!

5. www.iqvia.com/insights/the-iqvia-institute/
reports-and-publications/reports/the-global-use-of-
medicines-outlook-through-2029

3. WHO: Ageing and health (www.who.int/news-room/
fact-sheets/detail/ageing-and-health)

4, IHME (www healthdata.org/news-events/newsroom/
news-releases/lancet-cancer-deaths-expected-rise-
over-18-milion-2050 increase)

IQVIA: The Global Use of Medicines 2025: Outlook to
2029. (www qvia.com/-/media/iqvia/patsjevents/
presentation_global-meds-webinar_public.pdf)
United Nations (population un.org/wpp/assets/Files/
WPP2024_Key-Messages pdt)

18 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

Corporate governance Financial statements

The US generics
market remains the
largest in the world

Demand for generics
in European markets
continues to grow
steadily

MENA's healthcare
trends provide clear
potential for growth

‘The US generics market is the largest in the world,
valued at approximately $153 billion in 20248.
Spending on medicines in the US is projected to
grow between 5% to 8% annually over the next four
years to 2029.’ According to the FDA, nine out of ten
Prescriptions filled in the US are for generic drugs®
yet generics only account for 13% of prescription
drug spending’,

Losses of exclusivity are expected to accelerate,
paving the way for more generic and biosimilar
entrants, The US market has seen significant
growth in therapies based on glucagon-like
peptides (ie. GLP-1) primarily through wider usage
for obesity and diabetes. Diabetes spending is
estimated to grow at 1% to 4% compound annual
growth rate (CAGR) over the next five years! The
US generics

---

m the
devaluation of currencies,

2..Core results throughout the document are pieswnted tu show the undertying* ~
performance of the Group, excluding exceptional items and other adjustments set outin
Note S of the Group consolidated financial statements. Core results are anon-IFRS
measure, See page 37 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results

3. Core EBITDA is core operating profit before depreciation and sokware amortisation

4, Of the $186 milion, $11} mition was placed into restricted cash at 31 December 2025 and
paid in January 2026 (refer to Notes 8 and 13)

5. Group net debt is calculated as Group total debt less Group total cash. Group net debtis
a non-IFRS measure that includes short- and long-term financial debts (Notes 9 and 11),
lease liabilities, net of cash and cash equivalents, See page 37 for a reconciliation of
Group net debt

6. Refer to page 37 for reconciliation

29

Business and financiallreview)
continued

7

«

Hikinta Pharmaceuticals PLC | August Report 2025, a
eo ea —

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

Constant
Injectables $mition $miton Change change
Revenue | 1,423] 1,306 % 8%
Core revenue | 1,423] 1,324 7% 7%
Gross profit { 649] 668 3)% (4%
Gross margin J 45.6%| 51.1% (5.5)pp (5.5)pp
Core gross profit | 665] 690 (4% (4%
Core gross margin | 46.7%| 52.1% (5.4)pp (6.3)pp
Operating profit | 367] 371 (1)% 0%
Operating margin { 25.8%| 28.4% (2.6)pp (2.1)pp
Core operating profit { 444i], 468 (6)% (5)%
Core operating margin t 31.0%} 35.3% (4.3)pp (3.8)pp

We supply hospitals across our markets with generic and
specialty injectable products, supported by our manufacturing
facilities in the US, Europe and MENA.

Injectables core revenue grew 7% in 2025,
benefiting from our broad portfolio across.
the three geographies, contribution from
the Xellia acquisition and recent launches.
Injectables reported revenue grew 9%.

North America sales were up 5%. While we
saw competition on certain larger products,
this was more than offset by the contribution
from the products acquired in the Xellia
acquisition’, as well as new launches.

In Europe and Rest of World (ROW) sales
grew 23%. We delivered good growth across
allour established and recently entered
markets. Our own products grew 30%,
driven by our expanding portfolio and ability
to address market shortages.

In MENA, sales grew 9%, supported by
the breadth of the portfolio and a strong
performance from certain products in
our biosimilar portfolio,

Core revenue

2025 $142am

ee

Good revenue growth
while profitability was
impacted by product
and geographic mix.”

Injectables core gross profit was down 4%
and core gross margin contracted to 46.7%
due to product and geographic mix and
increased inventory provisions. injectables
reported gross profit declined 3% with a
gross margin of 45.6%. A decline in sales of
certain high-value products in the US was
offset by lower-margin sales of third-party
manufactured products and good progress
in MENA, where margins are lower.

Injectables core operating profit was down :
6% and core operating margin was 31.0%.
This reflects the change in gross profit and
higher foreign exchange related costs due to
the strength of the Euro versus the US dollar.
Injectables reported operating profit was flat,
with an operating margin of 25.8%. While
Injectables has a global supply chain
including products imported from China
tothe US which are subject to tariffs, this
only had a minor impact on profit in 2025
of $3 million,

Outlook for 2026

In 2026 we expect Injectables revenue

to growin the low single digits. We expect
core operating margin to be in the range of
27% to 28%.

Core operating margin

2025 31.0%

2024 35.3%

|. Products acquired through the Xellia acquisition, which
closed on 10 September 2024, contributed $86 milion of
revenue toInjectables

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Businessland}financial]
:

Fs, .
eo

Branded

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Agpualepor.2025)

Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial statements

Constant
Branded Smitten tion Change ocnange
Revenue il 849} 769 10% 9%
Core revenue l 849) 769 10% 9%
Gross profit | 445] 402 11% 8%
Gross margin i 52.4% | 52.3% O.lpp (O.Npp
Core gross profit fl 445 | 402 1% 8%
Core gross margin Hl 52.4%| 52.3% O.lpp (0.)pp
Operating profit ? 227) 182 25% 21%
Operating margin i 26.7%| 23.7% 3.0pp 28pp
Core operating profit } 224/ 189 19% 15%
Core operating margin i 26.4% | 24.6% 1.8pp 1.5pp

We supply branded generics and in-licensed patented
products from our local manufacturing facilities to retail
and hospital customers across the MENA region.

Branded revenue was up 10%, as we continue Branded core operating profit increased 19%

to benefit from our leading market position and reported operating profit increased 25%,
and a growing and diversified portfolio of reflecting the strong revenue performance
oncology products and medicines used and a reduction in foreign exchange related
totreat chronic illnesses. costs when compared to 2024,

Branded core and reported gross profit

grew 11%, with core and reported gross Outlook for 2026

margins of 52.4%, This reflects our high- In 2026 we expect Branded revenue to grow
quality product mix driven by our shift in the range of 6% to 8%. We expect core

towards higher value medicines. operating margin to be around 25%.

Core revenue Core operating margin |

} |

{ 1
2024 $765m 2028 246%

(

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

ee

Strong profitability
driven by diversified
product mix.”

---

ate on legal matters at each meeting

~ The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports
on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering product
quality and safety and legal, regulatory and intellectual property

Outcomes and at

~ Continued to engage in shaping US generic pharmaceutical policies and
legislation as a member of the Association of Accessible Medicines (AAM)
trade association

~ Engaged with US elected officials and policymakers to help educate key
members of Congress and their staff about Hikma's position as one of the
largest US generic medicine providers, our strong and growing US.
manufacturing capabilities, our broad portfolio of essential medicines and
‘our ability to help solve domestic drug shortages. Our goal is to develop and
maintain supportive relationships with those who are developing and
enacting legislation that strengthens the US supply of high-quality generic
medicines, including those we produce -

~ InJune 2025 we hosted key US government representatives at our Columbus,
Ohio site for a groundbreaking event to highlight the investment being made
by Hikma in domestic manufacturing

= Regularly meet with governing bodies and industry regulators in MENA to
understand the unmet healthcare needs in key markets and ensure our
product portfolio addresses them

26

Why is itimportant to engage with this group and what do we
expect from them?

‘We want our suppliers to:

= uphold high ethical standards
~ operate ina responsible and sustainable manner
~ work collaboratively to build strong relationships

‘Our suppliers are critical to our business, and their products and expertise
support us in the delivery of high-quality medicines to patients around the
‘world. Working together and building strong relationships not only enables
us to deliver on our purpose but it also ensures we have a sustainable and
resilient supply chain.

Operating responsibly and ethically is vital to our long-term success,
and we work with our suppliers to ensure the social and ethical standards
we require are upheld.

How we engage across the Group

= We conduct quality ausits, inline with our Group audit policy and regulatory
requirements, prior to on-boarding new API suppliers and on a regular basis
for our current supplier base

= We reinforce our local sourcing and procurement presence in our key supplier
markets to secure preferred access to capacity, innovation and pricing

- We share our Supplier Code of Conduct (CoC) through our supplier
‘onboarding process, which sets out the standards we expect from all
our suppliers, including fundamental principles on human rights, modern
slavery and our sustainability expectations

~ We conduct initial and ongoing due diligence to assess third-party risks
and run sustainability assessments through IQ+Vitals and our Hikma
sustainability questionnaire, and regularly work with our suppliers to
improve their sustainability maturity levels

~ We engage with our suppliers to understand their commitments and
efforts to reduce GHG emissions as well as the future impact on our
Scope 3 emissions

How we engage at Board level -

= The Board receives updates on supplier issues as part of its review
of operational matters

~ The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports
on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering API
and third-party risk management, and ethics and compliance

= The CREC is responsible for direct oversight of the Group's approach
toethical issues associated with suppliers

Outcomes and actions

~. Introduced IO+Vitals, a tool to enhance our ability to assess a large volume
of suppliers efficiently, enabling us to assess suppliers who cover nearly
75% of our annual procurement Sed me
= Continued to refine the quality of our emissions measurements and
‘engage with our suppliers to better understand their commitments
toemission reductions
~ Maintained a dedicated process to identify suppliers at isk of modern
slavery, following the creation of a specialised task force
~ Embraced automation in the Supplier CoC acknowledgment process,
ensuring that our éxpectations are clearly communicated and understood
before commencing collaboration

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2025

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

Investors 2 0

Po

We maintain regular contact with investors to ensure
they have a thorough understanding of our business.
Our investors are largely global institutions and include
both equity and debt holders.

Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they
expect from us?

(Our investors want us to:

~ deliver sustainable long-term value

~ effectively communicate our long-term strategy, financial and operational
performanceand growth drivers.

~ meet industry and global standards for good ESG practices

‘We ensure our investors have an in-depth understanding of our operations,
financial performance, growth drivers and ESG efforts. The Board receives
regular updates and feedback on these activities. This helps ensure that the
views of our investors are considered in the Board's decision-making

How we engage across the Group

~ We maintain regular contact with our shareholders through a comprehensive
investor relations (IR) programme of conferences, roadshows, meetings
and site visits

~ We maintain regular dialogue with our debt holders and rating agencies,

~ We communicate our strategy and financial performance through
regular financial reporting and investor events, such as the Annual
Gerieral Meeting (AGM)

~ Atargeted external communications programme ensures we are informing,
key audiences on our strategic progress and impact on our communities

How we engage at Board level

~ The Board receives regular updates on the IR programme, including investor
feedback from the AGM, IR meetings and investor perception studies

- The Executive Directors are informed of and participate in investor
engagement activities on a regular basis

- The Non-Executive Directors make themselves avaitable to meet with
investors as required in the conduct of their responsibilities (eg