within iach, ener Cap

We create high-cuaiity meclicinas end
ele ram acoso pease ho
oat pen wethiteatelyoniec

Reet Wedocabacaie
precisely We develop Innovative

qu

BESS SANE “Sates BEF Oe

S88 seeRB°eso
p e @

a

SHAS,

LEIS os

ae

ax:

Ps

How we have performed

Revenue Operating profit/(loss)' Core? operating profit EBITDA?
($m) ($m) ($m) ($m)
$2,207m |$493m $508m $592m
:

381 37 doo ad 386 454 473 48
I [ li I [I Lidl
Profit/(loss) to shareholders Basic earnings/(loss) per share ‘earnings per share* Dividend per share
($m) (cents) (cents)
$486m 200.8c 150.4c 44c

“
sos
1437 var (2 2 3 Bf
(843) (351.3)

1. In2017, the Group reported an operating loss of $747 million, primarily due to an impairment
of the intangible assets and property, plant and equipment of the Columbus business

2. Core resutts are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the
exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6in the Notes to financial
statements, A reconciliation from core to reported operating protits included within the
Consolidated income statement in the Financial statements

3, EBITDAis earnings before interest. tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges.
EBITDAis anon-IFRS measure, see page 30 fora reconcilation to reported IFRS results.

4. Core basic earnings per shareis reconciled to basic earnings per sharein Note 15in the
Notes to the financial statements

Our markets

pg 12

Our strategy

pg 16

Business and financial review)

pgs4s

Sustainability
r

pg 32 }

Financial statements

| pg 107

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019 1

‘SLNWALVLS TVIDNVNS ONYNY3AOS 1YHOSHOD O34 D93LVULS.

NOLLVWUOJNIUZOTONSE VHS.

What we do

We develop, manufacture and market a broad range of generic
pharmaceutical products across the US, the Middle East and North
Africa (MENA) and Europe. We are also a leading licensing partner.

Our markets

% Group core | US 61% 2018: 62%)
revenue MENA 33% (2018:32%)
Europe & ROW 6% (2018: 6%)

/

PA

“ei! (

\ \ : ;

SS A MENA I “
———

ee A. employees

Our business segments or

Segmental $894m co18:se26m) Injectables
revenue $719m (2018: $692m) Our Injectables business develops and
6 $583m (2018:$542m) manufactures generic injectable products.
Our products are sold globally and are
primarily used in hospitals.

{) For more information see page 22,

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

>Whatwe do

31

manufacturing plants
in 1t countries

7 690+

R&D centres Products

ay °
ae urope [I
Ea

& ROW

employees

US

Our large manufacturing facilities - one for injectables and
one for non-injectables ~ supply products across a broad
range of therapeutic areas, including respiratory, oncology
and pain management. We also have two dedicated R&D
facilities to support sustainable growth.

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed patented products
across the region. We have manufacturing facilities in seven
markets, including US FDA-inspected plants in Jordan and
Saudi Arabia, Around 2,000 sales representatives market
our brands to healthcare professionals across 18 markets.

Europe and the rest of the world (ROW)
We have injectable manufacturing facilities in Germany, Italy
and Portugal, with a range of capabilities including dedicated
capacity for oncology and cephalosporins. These facilities
supply injectable products to the US and MENA and a growing
number of markets in Europe.

Generics

Our Generics business develops and
manufactures oral and other non-injectable
generic products. Our products are sold in
the US retail market.

15) For more information see page 24

[=]

Branded

Our Branded business develops and
manufactures branded generics and markets
and sells in-licensed patented products in
MENA. Our products are sold in the retail
and hospital markets.

BD For more information see page 26

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

AWodu 2I03LYEIS

Executive Chairman's statement

Our strategy is delivering results. Hikma
achieved a robust financial performance
in 2019 and we are investing in the future
to drive sustainable long-term growth
and create continued value for
shareholders.

4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

Clear purpose and values

Hikma's founding purpose was to put better
health within reach every day by producing
high-quality medicines and making them
accessible to those who need them. | am proud
that everything we do at Hikma, from the
strategic decisions we make to the culture we
foster, enables us to remain true to this purpose.

We have evolved from a family company toa
global company with family values: integrity,
respect, excellence and transparency. We are
building 2 culture that reflects our values,
encourages employees to perform at their
best, shows consideration for one another and
‘embodies openness, communication and
accountability.

Building a strong culture

Having the right organisational culture - a
culture that believes in our vision and is
committed to delivering our strategic
objectives - is critical to achieving long-term
success. We undertook our first Group-wide
culture survey in 2019, with 73% participation.
The survey provided important insights into
where we excel and where we need to improve.
Our employees have tremendous pride in
working for Hikma and believe in the posi
impact of our business, but they are also
seeking opportunities for further professional
development and responsibility.

e

Ensuring wider stakeholder
engagement

Beyond employee engagement, we are
committed to engaging with all our
stakeholders, including shareholders, patients,
healthcare professionals, customers,
suppliers, regulators and the communities in
which we operate. Understanding the interests
of our stakeholders helps our decision-making
and the performance of our business.
Continuous engagement with patients,
healthcare providers, customers and
regulators informs our day-to-day operational
decisions, as well as our long-term
investments in people and capacity. This
enables us to fulfil our commitment to be a
high-quality, reliable supplier of essential
medicines to those that need them.

Since our founding, the principle of supporting
the communities in which we have a presence
has been integral to how we operate. We do
this through the provision of high-quality
medicines, raising health awareness, investing
in our businesses and employees, and through
donations, fundraising and volunteering. We
are proud of the positive impact we have on
millions of lives while limiting our
environmental impact, and we continue to
make progress on our six adopted UN
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We
remain a constituent of FTSE4Good, as we
have been for the past five years, More detail
‘on our stakeholder engagement is provided on
pages [x] to [x] and [x] to fx]

Maintaining strong governance

The Board and | worked closely with our CEO,
Siggi Olafsson, the Executive Committee and
the wider leadership team in 2019. This
included a thorough review of the strategic
priorities for the Group. We met with
management teams and employees to assess
and give guidance on the growth
opportunities, challenges and risks for our
businesses, The Board and | are confident that
our strategic direction and priorities will drive
continued success. Our strategy is set out in
detail within Siggi's statement and on pages [x}
to[x.

One of our Directors, Nina Henderson, is
responsible for ensuring our employees’
perspective is considered in the Board's
decision-making, In this role, Nina has met with
employees at all levels in the organisation,
visiting a number of our sites and has attended
various internal meetings, including our global
leadership conference, She is alsoa member
of each Board Committee. Nina's role is one of
a number of ways that we are ensuring the
Board is more connected to the employee
experience.

We continue to advance our strong corporate
governance practices each year through
Board appointments and role changes,
succession planning and dialogue with
stakeholders. Details of the activities of the
Board and its Committees are set out in the
Corporate governance section of this report
on pages [x] to [x].

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019 "8

> Executive Chairman's statement

Robust financial performance and
shareholder returns

Our strategy is delivering results, Whilst the
market remains highly competitive, the Group
delivered another strong performance in 2019.
Group core operating profit increased by 10%
and core basic earnings per share increased
by 9%.

AwOday I931vELS

Hikma has a long track record of creating value ~
for shareholders. Over the last ten years, we

have delivered a total shareholder return of
345%, exceeding the FTSE 100 and the FTSE
Pharmaceutical indices of 104% and 206%
respectively.

We remain committed to consistent dividend
payments. The strong financial performance in
2019, the strength of our balance sheet and
confidence in our outlook mean that the Board
has recommended a 16% increase in the total
dividend for the full year in 2019 to 44 cents
per share (approximately [34] pence per
share), up from 38 cents per share
(approximately 29 pence per share) in 2018.

Looking ahead

I believe we have the right team and strategy in
place to deliver long-term sustainable growth
and continue to create value for all of our
stakeholders. | would like to thank my
colleagues across the Hikma family for their
hard work throughout 2019 and our
shareholders, customers and stakeholders for
their continual support.

Said Darwazah ’
Executive Chairman

Chief Executive Officer's statement

2019 was another very good year for
Hikma. | am proud of what our teams
have achieved, enabling us to provide
high-quality medicines to the people
that need them.

6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

In my statement to you last year, | set out our
three strategic priorities:

Deliver more from a strong ao

foundation oo
Build a portfolio that val
anticipates future health needs +)
Inspire and enable a A

our people

As Ireflect on 2019, | am pleased with the
progress we have made to strengthen our
operations, build our portfolio and pipeline,
form new partnerships, develop our people
and attract new talent across the Group.
These efforts will enable us to deliver
sustainable long-term growth and create
significant value for shareholders.

> Chief Executive Officer's statement

Strong financial results

All of our businesses achieved strong organic
growth in 2019. We delivered more from our
unique business model, leading market
positions, diversified portfolio and successful
pipeline launches. Group revenue grew 7%
to $2.2 billion, operating profit grew 33% to
$493 million and core operating profit grew
10% to $508 million.

The resilience of our Injectables business
reflects the strength of our market position
asa top three supplier of generic injectable
products in the US, the breadth and durability
of our portfolio, and the quality of our
operations. We launched 69 injectable
products across our markets in 2019 and
continued to invest in a pipeline to drive
future growth.

Our Generics business outperformed our
expectations. Our strengthened commercial
team and operational enhancements
improved customer relationships and service
levels, stimulating increased demand for

our differentiated portfolio, Manufacturing
efficiencies and cost savings also improved
our profitability,

The Branded business grew steadily in 2019,
with good performance across most of our
markets more than offsetting lower sales in
Algeria. We have embedded our tiered-market
strategy and prioritised our therapeutic areas,
toinclude oncology, diabetes, central nervous
system (CNS) and respiratory. We launched 35
products across the region and continued to.
add innovative products through partnerships.

Inall of our businesses, ensuring quality in
everything we do remains our overarching
priority. The quality of our products,
processes, partnerships, people and thinking
has always been a key differentiator for us
and remains a critical success factor. We
continuously review our quality systems and
procedures, and | have recently established a
Hikma Quality Council, which | chair, to ensure

we maintain the necessary oversight and share

best practices across the Group. In 2019, we
had five inspections by the US Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) across our facilities, and
no critical observations.

Ata time whena large number of essential
medicines are in short supply, particularly in
the US, lam proud of the role that we continue
to play in alleviating shortage situations.

| believe the decision by Civica Rx, the US
non-profit organisation established to reduce
and prevent drug shortages, to select Hikma
asa partner for essential generic medicines is

an endorsement of our reputation as a reliable,

high-quality supplier.

Deliver more from a strong oa
foundation go
Our steps to strengthen our foundation over
the last two years have stabilised our business.
We have delivered more value from our
differentiated in-market portfolio, successfully
launched new products, become a more
trusted strategic partner for customers and
improved service levels. We have reduced
costs, increased capacity utilisation and
improved business processes, including

the increased use of cost-effective digital
technologies. We have also simplified our
organisational structure, implementing
changes that mean operational decision-
makers, intellectual property and business
activities are now more closely located,

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019 7

Oday D1931VHIS

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

(4

We made good
strategic progress in
2019. We have a strong
foundation from

which to build and |
am confident in the
outlook for 2020"

Building a portfolio that
anticipates future healthneeds (4)

ex

Key to our success in becoming a leading
specialty company is building a portfolio of
complex and differentiated products. As!
highlighted last year, the investment we are
making in R&D of 6-7% of revenue, is the right
level. However, | want to optimise this spend,
be more ambitious in the projects we
undertake and increase the return on
investment, so that by 2023, 10% of annual
revenue comes from new launches.

We strengthened our global R&D function with
the appointment of Shahin Fesharaki in 2019
as our Chief Scientific Officer. Shahin's
experience will improve processes and
increase productivity, increasing the number
of filings, improving submission times and
building momentum in new product launches.

Across our businesses, we focus our R&D on
specialty products. In Generics, the
completion of our clinical endpoint study for
generic Advair® was an important milestone in
our respiratory programme. We also acquired
the assets of Insys, building on our position as
the largest supplier of nasal spray products in
the US. In Injectables, we established our
pre-filled syringe capability with our first
launch in this format and a good pipeline for
the coming years. We continued the roll-out of
our Celitrion biosimilar product, Remsima® in
MENA, where we are also launching Truxima®
and Herzuma® in several markets over the
next two years.

We signed licensing deals in 2019 that will
enable us to bring more complex products to
the market in the coming years. In MENA, we
signed new licensing agreements with
partners including Gideon Richter, Chiesi and
Faes Pharma. In the US, we signed licensing
agreements for a number of products, with
partners such as Sciecure. Adding specialty
products that complement our existing
portfolio and leverage our commercial and
manufacturing capabilities will continue to be
afocus

8 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

Inspire and enable 2°
our people 7 I
The people at Hikma are key to our success.
Retaining and motivating our people and
attracting new talent are a key part of our
strategy. In 2019, our employee retention was
88%. We continued to invest in developing our
people and we recruited experienced talent
across the Group,

We want to have an innovative and results-
oriented culture, where people can thrive and
do their best work. in 2019, we implemented
new initiatives to improve employee
‘engagement and enablement, and we did
more to promote communication and
collaboration across the organisation. We held
‘our second global leadership conference,
which was a fantastic forum for sharing
experiences and best practice across the
business and networking with colleagues.

As noted by the Chairman, the first all-
employee global culture survey we undertook
provided important insight into where our
cultures strong and where improvements are
needed. These initatives will be a key
management focus in 2020.

Outlook

So where do we go from here? Our focus is on
the current business. There is more we can do
to drive value from our large product portfolio,
improve our processes, increase efficiencies
and reduce cost. We are focused on increasing
our share in existing markets. We are building a
pipeline that will help us transform intoa
leading specialty company and deliver
sustainable, long-term growth.

1am very proud of what we do at Hikma, We
performed very well in 2019; we have a strong
foundation on which to build and | am
confident in the outlook for 2020 and beyond.
Every day, our businesses are having a positive
and important impact on people's lives around
the world. | want to thank all of our employees,
customers and partners for helping us put
better health, within reach, every day for
millions of people.

<zd-Yf

Sigurdur Olafsson
Chief Executive Officer

Investment case

We have a track record of creating value for our
shareholders. By focusing on our strategic priorities and
leveraging our strengths, we can build upon our success.

Oday I93LVELS

O Our business is uniquely positioned, with Revenue by business segment

aE three main distinct business segments with

oO oO strong foundations in the US, MENA and : Dectbies mn

Europe. Our large and broad product portfolio @ Brandes 26%

Unique and is sold in both the retail and hospital markets. WS Other 0%
diversified

business model

We are the third largest generic injectable #3
77 manufacturer and a top ten generic company
overall in the US with an increasing market
share. In MENA, we are one of the largest
pharmaceutical companies and a Leading pharmaceutical company in MENA
Strong market ‘partner of choice’.

position

Third largest generic injectable
manufacturer in the US

oo We have built our reputation on manufacturing 5
lv high-quality medicines. Quality is embedded in

our people, our relationships and our thinking.
Our excellent track record of regulatory
compliance has made us a trusted partner
for our customers and patients.

FDA inspections in 2019, with no
critical observations

Commitment
to quality

4) We have a large pipeline, with an increasing 500+
=

proportion of differentiated and complex oe
~ Products in our pipeline
products. We complement our internal

Large and growing development with partnerships and M&A.

pipeline

We have consistently generated strong 69%
cash flow. Our disciplined approach to cash (o}
il management and acquisitions ensures we
intail 1. Free cash flowis defined as net cashinflow from
maintain a strong balance sheet and gives us cnamtapactviteslosspochasecot property
Cash the financial flexibility to support future growth. plant and equipment,

Free cash flow/core operating profit!

generation

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

Delivering for stakeholders

For more than 40 years, we
have transformed people's
lives by providing the
medicine and support that

' they need every day. We are
committed to putting better

; health within reach, every day.

B Find out more on pages 102 to 103.

Patients and healthcare professionals

We believe that people everywhere should have access to
the medicines they need, when they need them. Continuous
investment in our manufacturing capacity and capabilities
is enabiing us to meet growing demand.

Our sales teams meet regularly with doctors and hospital
clinicians, and in MENA we provide regular forums for
bringing together key opinion leaders, doctors and global
research institutes to share knowledge and raise awareness.
By better understanding their needs, we are developing a
pipeline of products and technologies to improve the
healthcare available to patients.

l

Section 172 Directors’ Duties

The Board is fully aware of its responsibilities to promote the
success of the company in accordance with section 172 of
the Companies Act. A summary of how we deliver for our
stakeholders is outlined below. Further details on the Board's
activities in relation to stakeholder engagement is included
on pages 102 to 103, |

Committed to
better health

f

Employees

People have always been at the heart of our business.

The passion and commitment of our employees will allow

us to deliver our brand promise, and we are creating a culture
to inspire and enable them, We are building an environment
of trust, in which our people are empowered to drive
innovation, have a strong sense of ownership and
continuously strive for better results.

10 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2019

Communities

ur vision is to create a healthier world that enriches all our
communities by developing high-quality medicines and
making them accessible to those who need them.

We invest in the communities in which we operate to improve
access to medicine, support education and assist those in
need. We work with charities and provide in-kind medicine
donations in MENA and the US. Supporting the communities
where we live and work allows us to drive long-term,
sustainable growth while positively impacting society.