inealkdn.
Minin reach.
Every day:

*AE1A3A2P*
A0S 26/04/2025
COMPANIES Hous

harmaceutical3

afin =I

Better health.
Within reach.
Every day.

Shaping a healthier world...

Hikma puts better health within reach,
every day. By creating high-quality
products and making them accessible
to those who need them, we are helping
to shape a healthier world that enriches
all our communities.

by developing our pipeline
in growing therapeutic areas

@ Read more on page 10

by focusing on quality
manufacturing

@) Read more on page 16

s by expanding our patient reach

@) Read more on page 22

| by investing for the future

@ Read more on page 34

by leveraging our role as a
leading healthcare provider
in MENA

@ Read more on page 38

Strategic
report
Financial highlights
Revenue Core! revenue Operating profit
$3127m $3156m $612m
+9% 2023: $2.875m +10% 2023: $2,875m +67% 2023: $367m

Core operating profit

$719m

+2% 2023:$707m

Profit to shareholders

$359m

+89% 2023: $190m

Core profit to shareholders

$495m

+1% 2023: $492m

Basic earnings per share

162c

+88% 2023: 86c

224c

Core basic earnings per share?

0% 2023: 223c

Dividend per share

80c

+11% 2023:72c

Non-financial
highlights

medicines

2023: $4.9m

Value of our donated

$41m

Reduction in Scope 1and2
GHG emissions since 2020°

15%

2023: 15%

Employee engagement

Employee enablement

Financial
statements

Corporate
governance

Delivering strategic
.Progress and strong
financial results

VA double-digit Group core
revenue growth

\_ Adding differentiation
=> to the portfolio through

acquisition and partnerships

Driving top-line growth

Increasing scale

of our manufacturing through
automation and increased
capacity

Investing for the future
4.5% of Group core revenue
invested in R&D for continued
growth

Expanding our portfolio
132 products launched

6
Positive outlook

E) as we build on strong

score score
momentum with a clear
) 0, strategy for growth
73% 69%
2020: 73% 2020: 64%
Contents -
Strategic report Sustainability ; 44 | Financial statements
What we do 2 Hl His ld at Hikma ‘ Independent auditors’ report 148
Executive Chairman's statement 4 | Rick management Ja | Consolidated financial statements 186
CEO's statement 6 | Risk managemen Notes to the consolidated financial
Ourstrategy g | Goingconcernandtonger-term viability 87 ‘stotements ‘et
Our business model 12 Non-financial and sustainability 90 | Company financial statements 207
Investment case 6 information statement Notes to the Company financial
or oes. a Corporate governance report statements 209
Stakeholder engagement 24 | Executive Chairman's overview 94 | Shareholder information
Business and financial review 30 | Corporate governance at a glance 96 | Shareholder information 214
Group overview 31 | Board of Directors 98
Injectables 32 | Executive Committee 100
Branded 36 | Corporate governance 101
Generics 40 | Committee reports 105
Group performance 42 | Annual report on remuneration 125
Other statutory disclosures 140

financial statements

Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated

Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 14 of the Group consolidated financial statements
We have committed to reducing Scope | and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions (market-based) by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year. For reporting in this Annual Report.

‘we have used data from January to September of 2024 and conducted an uplifting exercise to estimate quantities for October to December 2024, More information on this methodology

canbe found on cur website

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

What we do

We bring patients across North America,
MENA and Europe a broad range of generic,

specialty and branded pharmaceutical products.

North America

Our large manufacturing facilities in
the United States (US) supply generic

and specialty products to the US and
Canadian markets across a broad range
of therapeutic areas, including respiratory,
oncology and pain management. We also
have two R&D facilities to support
sustainable growth.

61.5%

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the Middle East
and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in six MENA
countries, including US FDA-inspected
plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia, all
supported by local R&D centres. Around
2,000 sales representatives and support
staff market our brands to healthcare
professionals across 17 markets.

31.2%

Europe and rest of the world

Our injectable manufacturing facilities in
Portugal, Italy and Germany have a range

of capabilities, including dedicated capacity
for oncology and cephalosporins. These
facilities supply injectable products to
North America, MENA and a growing
number of markets in Europe. We also

have R&D centres in Portugal and Croatia.

7.3%

Group core revenue Group core revenue Group core revenue
c.2,350 c.5,800 c.1,350
Employees Employees Employees
Global reach
(49,500 | 49 800+
Employees R&D centres Products Manufacturing plants

a

=

a

eS

oe ‘us

iy BEF

Germany
ye @ Croatia“

3. ey

pane

Portugal ge
I~ 6.

Morocco @

“Kees O}D

OO eran

‘# OO'\ 99'S

@ Manufacturing plants @ R&Dcentres @ Corporate HO

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic

report

Aculture of progress and belonging

Financial
statements

Corporate
governance

We are one Hikma, supporting each
other, driving onwards, growing our
business and pursuing our collective
promise - to put better health within
reach, every day. At the heart of this
are our three values: innovative,
caring and collaborative

Injectables

We supply hospitals across our markets
with generic and specialty injectable

facilities in the US, Europe and MENA.

@ Read more on page 32

Segmental core revenue

products, supported by our manufacturing

i

Our purpose

Better health.
Within reach.
Every day.

SS

Branded

We supply branded generics and
in-licensed patented products from our
local manufacturing facilities to retail and
hospital customers across the MENA region.

@ Read more on page 36

Our values

I
 Q
_
L

Innovative

2

d

Collaborative

|
|
|
i

Generics

We supply oral, respiratory and other
generic and specialty products to the
North American retail market, leveraging
our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility
in Columbus, Ohio.

@) Read more on page 40

$1,324m $769m
2023: $ 1,203 2023: $714m

$1,037m | $26m
2023: $937m 2023: $21m

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Executive Chairman's statement

Everything we do is driven by the needs of our patients.
| am grateful to all our people who have spent another
year working hard to ensure we continue to put better
health within reach, every day.

Helping shape a healthier world
Hikma was founded, and continues to
operate, as a purpose-driven organisation
We started out over 45 years ago bringing
high-quality, essential medicines to markets
in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)
We have evolved into a global healthcare
company, playing a critical role serving
patients across North America, Europe

and MENA.

In 2024 we have continued to deliver
‘on our mission to help shape a healthier
world, and our leadership teams are
advancing this agenda across our markets.
We have been launching new products,
signing partnerships, investing more into
research and development, building new
manufacturing plants, and deploying capital
through acquisition to ensure we are well
placed for continued growth

Serving our stakeholders

We have a wide range of stakeholders and
you can read about how we engage and
address their needs on page 24 of this Annual
Report. Our shareholders are our owners,
and we regularly engage with our investor
base, take time to listen to them and ensure
they understand both our financial
performance and our strategic direction.
‘Our CEO, Riad, will discuss strategy more

in the following pages.

Our customers include hospitals,
pharmacists, buying groups, and of course
patients. Of critical importance to this group
is quality and reliability of products, and this
reflects our own priorities. Quality is
integrated into all that we do - we are
regularly inspected by the US FDA and other
local authorities and we value the input we
get through these interactions. You can read
more about our quality focus on page 60

of this report.

Another stakeholder group critical to our
success is our people. Our people are Hikma,
and they bring us a huge amount of expertise
as well as ideas on what more we can do to
deliver our purpose. We are focused on how
we can retain and recruit the best talent.
When | visit our sites around the world, |
always value the time | spend talking with
people in our operational facilities and
offices, We have an impressive team, and this
gives me confidence that Hikma’s future
remains bright.

Governance

In 2024, we continued to ensure that

the whole Board is engaging closely with

the business and contributing their expert
and independent viewpoints to the running
of Hikma. As well as our regular meetings

in London, we took the opportunity to

meet at our facility in Casablanca, Morocco.
These off-site Board meetings are a fantastic
‘opportunity for our Directors to see more of
Hikma and meet with the people who are
critical to our success. You can read more
about the Board's activities and the
Casablanca trip in the Corporate governance
section on pages 103 of this report.

PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic
report

Looking ahead

While | regularly reftect on how far Hikma
has come, and the importance we place

on providing access to healthcare in our
markets, |am most excited about what
more we can do. The leadership team

are ambitious, with varied and
complementary strengths, giving me great
confidence in Hikma’s ability to continue

to grow for many years to come, With our
pipeline, the investment into our
manufacturing plants, our strong
relationships with customers and suppliers,
and our solid financial footing, we are
perfectly placed to grow and support
patients across our markets.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | AniMEIGC re age7ag

GG

| have confidence in
our strategy and the
leadership team in
place to deliver on it,
and drive future
growth.”

Corporate Financial
governance statements

CEO Statement

| am pleased with the excellent financial performance
we have delivered during my first full year as CEO,
ahead of initial expectations, and | am more confident
than ever that we have the right strategy in place to
deliver growth for many years to come.

Reflecting on my first full year as CEO of
Hikma, | am proud of the significant strides
forward we have made in 2024. This year
has been marked by a robust financial
performance, strategic deployment of
capital, the strengthening of our leadership
team, and a renewed focus on innovation
and sustainability.

Ihave been working closely with both our
Executive Committee and the Leadership
Council, in executing our broader strategy.
We are ensuring the Group is differentiated
and positioned for sustained growth and
innovation.

Strong financial performance

| am delighted with the outcome of our hard
work in 2024. Group core revenue grew 10%
(reported growth of 9%), ahead of the
expectations we set out last February, and
upgraded in August

Ina year where we had a significant, one-off,
profit headwind in our Generics business,
Iwas also pleased with the slight growth in
Group core operating profit, again ahead

of our upgraded expectations.

Injectables

We had another successful year in
Injectables. We delivered an impressive
top-line performance, with strong revenue
growth in each of our three geographies and
core operating profit growth for the division
of 5%

During the year we were successful in
acquiring the US finished dosage form
business of Xellia Pharmaceuticals. This
acquisition will diversify and enrich our
injectables portfolio and pipeline, expand our
manufacturing capacity, bringing complex
manufacturing technologies, and support the
tong-term growth of the Injectables business.

We continued to broaden and diversify our
portfolio, with 89 new launches across the
business. On top of this, we added products
through the Xellia acquisition, which also
enhanced our pipeline. With our new R&D
centre in Zagreb complementing our existing,
footprint, we are well positioned to develop

more complex products over the medium
term. We are also enhancing our
differentiation through partnership, one
example in 2024 being the launch of our first
GLP-1 product in December, liraglutide.

Our MENA Injectables business remains

a solid contributor to growth, with both
biosimilars and our own portfolio of
medicines contributing to the strong
performance. In Europe, double-digit sales
of our own medicines underpinned growth in
our key markets. We also continue to pursue
CMO opportunities where we see value for
both us and our strategic partners.

Branded

1am hugely proud of the progress our
Branded business has made in recent years.
In 2024, we grew core revenue 8% and core
operating profit an impressive 11% with core
operating margin expanding to 24.6%. This
business has seen a step change in margin
over the past two years, driven by product
mix as we increasingly focus on higher value
medicines. Our focus on therapeutic areas
such as cardiovascular, diabetes, and
oncology is allowing us not only to address
critical healthcare challenges effectively,
butalso to provide a consistent and more
profitable revenue stream.

The performance is strong across our
markets and | am excited by the plans of our
leadership teams on the ground to keep
delivering growth. During the year we hosted
both our Board and several of our investors
during two visits to our site in Casablanca,
Morocco. These showcased the strength of
our facilities and the ambitions we have to
become the leading healthcare company in
MENA. Both groups came away more
knowledgeable on our strengths in the
region and excited for the future potential

Generics .

Our Generics business is ona very firm
footing. We generated over $1 billion in
revenue for the first time, with margins in line
with our expectations. We are delivering
growth in our more complex products, such
as our generic Advair Diskus® dry powder
inhaler, we increased our market share in
sodium oxybate, and our leading nasal spray
franchise performed well in 2024. Operating
profit was lower than the exceptionally strong
result we delivered in 2023 due to the
expected increase in royalties payable on our
authorised generic of sodium oxybate.

We have strengthened our teams across this
business, including the appointment of
Hafrun Fridriksdottir, our new President of
Generics, and a new head of Generics R&D
with significant respiratory experience. With
their expertise, we are sharpening our focus
‘on R&D to ensure we are investing in the right
products and executing projects effectively.

We are also working to maintain and enhance
our manufacturing strength. Importantly, we
are delivering our strategy to grow our CMO
offering. We signed a new contract in 2024
which we expect to start contributing
meaningfully in 2027. This will help support
medium-term revenue growth and
profitability for Generics.

We have alsu focused on maximising the
potential of our specialty products and
post-year end, signed a partnership
agreement with Emergent BioSolutions to
market our Kloxxado® naloxone nasal spray.

Our clearly defined strategy

‘set out our refreshed strategy in this letter
last year, and | am pleased with the progress
we are making against our key priorities and
how we are putting our plans into action.

Firstly, we are always striving for excellence,
by enhancing and leveraging the foundation
we have. This year, we have continued to
evolve the technologies in our plants and
our portfolio has grown, both organically and
through acquisition. We now have over 800
products in our portfolio globally and our
capacity to produce these products
continues to expand.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic Corporate Financial
report governance statements

Core revenue - 2024 Core operating profit - 2024'
@ Injectables 42% (§1;324m) @ Injectables 56%
@ Branded 24% ($769m) © Branded 23%
Generics 33% ($1,037m) Generics 21%

© Other 1% _ ($26m)
Total ~~ $2:156m 1. Core operating profitis $719 milion. Before
a! unaliocated corporate costs of $99 milion and
‘operating loss from Other business of $9 milion,
core operating profit contribution from business

‘segments is $827 million

Secondly, we diversify and differentiate.

We had 132 launches across the business in GG

2024, and added to our R&D capabilities sas

through the Xellia acquisition, which brings the We have exciting

new R&D centre in Zagreb with a track record ‘

Ofdevelopingcomplex products, Across the Strategic momentum and
Group, we are focused on pipeline execution. are very well positioned
We have strengthened our teams in all three ”
businesses and have been working on for 2025 and beyond.
improving R&D efficiency. We have made great
progress against this strategic pillar, ensuring
we have a healthy pipeline for growth

Thirdly, we invest in our people and operate
sustainably, This year, | have travelled to
many of our locations around the world,
and spoken with hundreds of our people
and I continue to be humbled by their
commitment, diligence and experience.

We have been working to enhance career
development and progression and will launch
a new grading structure in 2025 with clearer
career levels and detail on the skills needed
for advancement. You can read more about
how we empower our people in our case
study on page 26 of this report.

We also appointed a new VP, Sustainability in
2024, a senior position focused on advancing
our sustainability strategy, and we have been
spending time this year conducting a double
materiality assessment, as we work to
understand better our most material
sustainability areas.

Well placed for future growth

Hikma is a growth company - we are
investing across our markets, building out our
infrastructure, launching new products and
deploying our healthy balance sheet on
value-enhancing acquisitions.

1am excited for 2025 and beyond. With the
incredible, diligent team we have in place, |
am extremely confident in our ability to grow,
and continue to help shape a healthier world

@ Find out more about
our Strategy on page 8

@ Find out more about
our KPIs on page 18

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Our strategy

We aim to deliver consistent and profitable growth by
building a leading generics and specialty pharmaceutical
company, putting better health within reach, every day.

Our strategic pillars

Strive for
excellence

Diversify and
differentiate

Our purpose-led strategy

People and
responsibility

8 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic Corporate Financial
report governance statements

@® Find out more about our KPIs on page 18
Find out more about our risks on page 80

Find out more about our strategic progress
on page 31

Our approach KPIs

Enhance operational efficiencies and embrace new - Core revenue

technologies, maintaining our high quality levels - Core operating profit

- Return on average invested
capital

Leverage our broad portfolio and strong commercial
capabilities

~ Percentage of revenue from
new business over 3 years

Develop amore differentiated pipeline

Expand into adjacent businesses and geographies

Empower our people and cultivate a unified culture - Employee engagement and
enablement

- Reduction in Scope
and 2 emissions

Act responsibly across our local markets and
communities

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024 9

Strategic
report

Corporate Financial
governance statements

We aim to have a portfolio and pipeline that is tailored
to the needs of our markets, with an increasing number
of complex products with high barriers to entry.

We are increasingly leveraging our active
pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing
facility in Jordan to introduce vertically integrated
products for all our businesses, particularly for our
MENA portfolio,

In MENA we are seeing the impact of a rapidly
growing population, increasing prevalence of
cancer and chronic diseases, and disparities in
healthcare access. As a result, we have enhanced
our focus on R&D and are investing in higher-value
medicines, focusing on those used to treat chronic
illnesses. We are introducing first-to-market and
first-generic products and are investing in sales
and marketing to support these efforts - 75% of
our top 20 pipeline projects over the next five years
are planned as first to market or first generic
opportunities. We also work with global innovators
to bring treatments and wider healthcare solutions,
including Guardant Health for cancer diagnostics,
Rakuten Medical for cancer treatments and Junshi
Biosciences for an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 202.

The portfolio and pipeline for our Injectables
business addresses a wide range of therapeutic
areas, anda large portion of our pipeline is focused
on drug delivery methods or dosages that will
improve processes in hospitals, such as products
delivered in ready-to-use formats. This is further
strengthened through the Xellia acquisition. Today,
around 30% of our Injectables pipeline products
are classified as differentiated or complex

Our Generics pipeline is addressing the market
need for more complex generic products. We are a
leader in nasal sprays and have strong respiratory
capabilities. We will leverage this expertise as we
develop the next-generation generics in these and
other areas. We continue to enhance our pipeline
and building differentiation, including increasing the
number of 505(b)(2) and other complex filings.

Our business model

Our diversified business model allows us to
respond to the many opportunities and threats |
we face, while delivering for our stakeholders.

Better health within reach every day

Our business segments Our resources

Financial
Investment in R&D, manufacturing
facilities, partnerships and M&A

collectively enable us to expand

no ‘our product portfolio, technical
Ky capabilities and operations.
S
7

People

We have a highly skilled, diverse
and effective workforce. Through
continuous investment in the
development of our people and
by hiring new talent, we secure
our future.

Values
+ Our culture of progress
and belonging is backed

by our values - innovative,
collaborative and caring

Relationships

Strong relationships with
regulators, customers and health
authorities across all our markets,
and successful collaborations

with industry partners, enable
us to deliver on our purpose.

Capabilities
O We have extensive commercial,
R&D, manufacturing and distribution

capabilities across our markets,
focused on quality and efficiency.

Injectables

Jo
Jo

2 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Financial
statements

Strategic Corporate
report governance

What we do

Offer a broad product portfolio

We offer a broad and differentiated
portfolio of more than 800 products.
Itincludes high-quality generic and
branded generic medicines, and

a growing number of in-licensed,
specialty and compounded products.

Develop and innovate

We are developing a more differentiated
pipeline to meet the evolving needs of
patients and healthcare professionals
through investments in R&D, partnerships
and strategic acquisitions.

Manufacture and maintain quality

‘Our extensive and high-quality
manufacturing capabilities are at the heart

of what we do, We have 29 plants across the
Group that supply our global markets with a
broad range of injectable, oral, respiratory and
other generic and specialty products, including
13 US FDA-inspected plants and 12 EMA-
inspected plants.

Market across geographies

We distribute our products through
experienced sales and marketing teams.
In the MENA region, around 2,000
representatives and support staff market
our brands to doctors and pharmacists,
while our sales teams in North America
and Europe sell to wholesalers, pharmacy
chains, governments and hospital
purchasing organisations

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Patient benefits

We provide patients across
our markets with high-quality
medicines.

Empowering our people
By focusing on the
development of our people,

we provide long and rewarding
careers for our talented and
diverse workforce.

Employee
engagement

69%

enablement
score

Return on average
invested capital

We have a strong track record

of generating high returns on our
investments

16.9%

Return on average
invested capitalin 2024

Sustainable business

We act responsibly, advancing
health and wellbeing,
empowering our people,
protecting the environment
and building trust through
quality in everything we do.

15%

Reduction in Scope tand
ee base year 2020

@® Find out more about our KPIs on page 18

13

Investment case

A strong business model with significant opportunities
to further enhance our portfolio, drive growth and

deliver value for shareholders.

A solid platform with a

Increasingly diverse

unique business model

portfolio and pipeline

Our presence and positioning

[ Broad portfolio and growing investment in R&D

7 Leading market positions

Expanding manufacturing footprint
29 plants across our markets, with additional
facilities being established

~ Tth largest in the US'

Global player with local expertise

~ 2nd largest in MENA?

Trus'

quality and agility

We are a trusted partner known for our
commitment to quality and reliability
of supply

We work closely with governments
and regulators to ensure highest
quality standards

Agile supply chain, flexible manufacturing
and leading technical capabilities

- Abroad portfolio that is tailored to local market needs

- Targeting increase in R&D spend to 6-7% of Group revenue
to ensure the consistent development of new products

~ Growing presence in specialty, complex and higher-value
products, which offer less competition and higher margins

~ Strong momentum in new product launches across

our markets
products in our pipeline

launches in 2024

Innovation through partnerships and acquisitions

- Enhancing our pipeline by adding innovative products
through value-creating partnerships

~ Adding to the strength of our base business through
strategic acquisitions

1, IQVIAMAT November 2024, includes all generic injectable and generic non- injectable products, by sales

2. Based on internal analysis by using data from the following source: |QVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia
‘and UAE, for the period: calendar year 2024, reflecting estimates of real-world activity, Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved

3. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated financial
statements. Core results are a non- IFRS measure. See page 43 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results

4. See econcliation on page 43

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic Corporate Financial
report governance statements

Proven track record and

Aclear strategy for growth

strong financial position

Strategic execution driven by our three pillars Delivering growth and high returns

Ne a

Strive for
excellence | +1/% +]/%
‘ ¢ ee _ 5-year revenue CAGR 5-year core EBIT CAGR
Diversify and
differentiate
ey 961% 116.9%
// e fo] e (o)
\ 7 ~ ~ Core EBITDA’ margin Return on average invested
\ capital*

Enhance operational efficiencies and embrace new Our balance sheet strength

technologies, maintaining our high quality levels

~ Strong cash generation with $564 million operating

---

eneric of

sodium oxybate

Linktoremuneration | J | F |

1. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 in the Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

2, 2020 to 2023 ROIC numbers have been restated to reflect new methodology of calculation. See reconciliation on page 43.

3, Groupnet debt is calculated as Group total debt less Group total cash. Group total debt excludes co-development agreements and contingent liabilities,

4, For reporting in this Annual Report, we have used data from January to September of 2024 and conducted an uplifting exercise to estimate quantities for October to December 2024
More information on this methodology can be found on our website

18 ma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

New business
(%)

Percentage of revenue from new
business over three year periods

Period Target
1 January 2023 to 31December 2025 16%
1 January 2024 to 31December 2026 15%
(January 2025 to 31 December 2027 16%

Strategic
report

Employee engagement
(%)

73%
(2020: 73%)

Employee enablement
(%)

69%

(2020: 64%)

Financial
statements

Corporate
governance

Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
emissions reduction (%)

15%

Reduction in Scope 1 and2

since base year 2020
2020
Total emissions
(tCOze) 144,899 123,307
% reduction
from 2020 = 15%

We have committed to reducing Scope 1
and Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based)
by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year.

Percentage of core revenue from new
business measured over the period defined
in the table above. New business includes
products launched, new contracts and new
geographies

Global employee engagement
and enablement scores

Change in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
greenhouse gas emissions using a 2020
baseline

This will measure our ability to extract
value from our global product pipeline
and new business opportunities

Engagement measures people's pride in
working for Hikma, their willingness to
recommend Hikma as an employer and
their desire to stay long term. Enablement
measures whether people find their work
fulfilling and rewarding and whether they
feel supported to achieve their full potential

We strive to minimise our environmental
impacts and are committed to making
our operations more energy efficient

This metric is measured on a cumulative
basis and we will start reporting on this in
2025. We made good progress against these
targets in 2024 - launched 132 products,
signed new contract manufacturing
agreements and continued to make
progress in new markets

We completed Hikma's ‘People Voice
Survey’ in January 2024 and initiated an
action plan in response to employees’
feedback. Refer to ‘empowering our people’
case study on page 26 for more information
on the steps taken

While the Group grows, supported by
capacity expansion and higher levels,
of production, we are maintaining our
emissions level through investments

inefficiency and renewables

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Our markets

The global pharmaceutical market is expected to reach
$23 trillion in 2028, growing at between 5% and 8% per
annum.' Demographic trends and changing lifestyles are
leading to evolving healthcare needs. This, coupled with
macroeconomic dynamics, is driving increased demand
for more affordable healthcare globally.

"

Key trends shaping the global
pharmaceutical market:

~ Scientific advances and improved access to
healthcare are contributing to a rise in life
expectancy. The world's population is expected to
increase by 2 billion people by 2050", with the
number of people aged 60 or over expected to
double to reach 21 billion®

An ageing population and changing lifestyles are
contributing to an increase in the prevalence of
chronic illnesses, such as cardiovascular, cancer,
respiratory and diabetes. The incidence of cancer
is expected to increase rapidly, particularly in
lower-income countries, with an estimated increase
of over 12 million new cases annually through 2050*
Rising healthcare costs are increasing demand for
more affordable healthcare solutions

Brand losses of exclusivity are expected to
accelerate over the next five years for small
molecules and biologics. This will create more
opportunities for generics and biosimilars to enter
the market than in the past five years, when patent
expirations were at historic lows!

‘

2 billion

increase in world population by 2050?

2x

people aged 60 or above expected

to double by 2050°

1. IQVIA Global Use of Medicines 2024, Outlook to 2028 7. IQVIA MAT November 2024, Includes all generic injectables anc generic
2. United Nations available at https://dit.ly/42wOzak non-injectable products
3. WHO available at hitps:/bit y/3EqiFpB 8, Medicines for Europe available at https://bit.v/4gnyvKN
4, IQVIA, Global Oncology Trends 2024, Outlook to 2028 9. Medicines for Europe available at https //bit.ly/40ORJEG
5, AAM,AAM, The US, Generic & Biosimilar Medicines Savings Report, September2024 _10. Fitch updated data October 2024 (Market size values were extracted from
6. FDA generic drugs program activities report, YTO November 2024 monthly performance, ‘Fitch solutions)

includes approvals and tentative approvals, available at httpsi//bit.y/4)Y70dP and 1 Available at https//bit.y/42txkq9

ttps://bit ly/4hC8x6

20 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

The US generics
market remains
the largest in the
world

im

Wh

Strategic
report

Financial
statements

Corporate
governance

Demand for S
generics in
European markets
continues to

grow steadily

Attractive
healthcare
trends in MENA
provide potential
for growth

6%

The US pharmaceutical market is expected to grow
between 2% to 5% annually over the next five
years! The US generics market is the largest in the
world - around 90% of prescriptions filled are for
generics and biosimilars, which account for only
13% of prescription drug spending Losses of
exclusivity are expected to accelerate, paving the
way for more generic and biosimilar entrants, More
recently, the US market has seen significant growth
in therapies based on glucagon-like peptides (ie
GLP-1) primarily through

---

ing from the
devaluation of currencies

Core results throughout the document are presented to show the underlying
performance of the Group, excluding exceptional items and other adjustments set outin
Note 6 of this report. Core results are a non-IFAS measure. see page 43 fora
reconciliation to reported IFRS results

Group net debt is calculated as Group total debt less Group total cash. Group net debt is
2non-IFRS measure that includes short and long-term financial debts (Notes 24 and 28),
lease liabilities (Note 7), net of cash and cash equivalents (Note 22) and restricted cash
(Note 19), ifany. See page 43 or a reconciliation of Group net debt

Refer to page 43 for reconciliation

Business andfinancialreviews ee
. 7 es hit ee
continued

We supply hospitals across our markets with generic
and specialty injectable products, supported by our
manufacturing facilities in the US, Europe and MENA.

a &
pl we
- {+
AS a ee
@, 00

iy

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic
report

Financial
statements

Corporate
governance

AG

Double-digit core revenue
growth supported by a
global growing portfolio.”

Constant
Injectables $ nlfon $ aon Change “Chong
Revenue b 1,306] 1,203 9% %%
Core revenue 1,324| 1,203 10% 10%
Gross profit | 668| 655 2% 2%
Gross margin 1 51.1%| 54.4% @.3)pp (3.3)pp
Core gross profit | 690 657 5% 5%
Core gross margin j 52.1%| 54.6% (2.5)pp (2.6)pp
Operating profit 1 37 358 4% 4%
Operating margin | 28,4%| 29.8% (1.4)pp (3pp
Core operating profit | 468| 444 5% 6%
Core operating margin i 35.3%] 36.9% (1.6)pp (14)pp

Injectables core revenue grew 10% in 2024,
benefiting from our broad portfolio across
the three geographies, contribution from the
Xellia acquisition and recent launches,
including liraglutide injection, our generic
GLP-1 product in the US. Excluding the Xellia
impact, organic core revenue growth was 8%,
at the top end of our guidance range.
Injectables reported revenue grew 9%, which
is stated after an $18 million provision relating
to rebate adjustments following a change in
prior years estimates in the US.

In North America we benefited from good
demand for our broad portfolio, recent
launches and growth in Canada, supported
‘by $24 million sales contribution from the
Xellia acquisition, which closed in September.

Core revenue

In Europe and rest of the world (ROW) we
delivered good growth across all our
established and recently entered markets.
Our own products grew 20%, driven by our
‘expanding portfolio and ability to address
market shortages. Our CMO business
performed in line with expectations,
accelerating in the second half.

In MENA we saw strong growth across most
of our markets, supported by new launches
and good demand across our broad portfolio.

Injectables core gross profit grew 5% and
core gross margin contracted due to,
product mix, which includes the slightly
dilutive impact of the Xellia acquisition
and an increased contribution from
partnered products.

Core operating margin

2024 EE $1,324m

2024 CE 35.3%

2023 I $1,203:

2023 i 36.9%

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Injectables reported operating profit grew
4%. Injectables core operating profit grew 5%
and core operating margin was 35.3%. This
reflects the change in gross profit. Excluding
Xellia, Injectables core operating margin

was 35.7%,

During the year, the Injectables business had
20 launches in North America, 16 in MENA
and 53 in Europe and ROW. We submitted 137
filings to regulatory authorities across all
markets.

Outlook for 2025

In 2025, we expect Injectables revenue to
growin the range of 7% to 9%. We expect
core operating margin to be in the mid-30s.

33

a a aa

je} JQDDOCS OOS SS

erm

Business and financial review
continued

We supply branded generics and in-licensed patented
products from our local manufacturing facilities to
retail and hospital customers across the MENA region.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Strategic
report

Financial

Corporate
statements

governance

G4

Strengthened product mix
is driving increasingly

profitable growth.”

‘Constant,
Branded $milton smition Change “change
Revenue | 769{ 74 8% 9%
Core revenue [ 769] Tid 8% 9%
Gross profit | 402| 351 15% 15%
Gross margin j 52.3% 49.2% 3.lpp 26pp
Core gross profit t 402] 366 10% 10%
Core gross margin ] 52.3% 51.3% 1.0pp O.5pp
Operating profit iT 182{ 95 92% 108%
Operating margin { 23.7% 13.3% 10.4pp 12.1pp
Core operating profit | 189} 170 11% 20%
Core operating margin 1 24.6% 23.8% 0.8pp 24pp
Our Branded business performed very wellin Branded reported operating profitincreased + Qutlook for 2025

2024, with good growth across most of our
markets. Revenue was up 8%, at the top of
‘our guidance range, as we benefited from a
growing and diversified portfolio of oncology
products and medicines used to treat
chronic illnesses.

Branded reported gross profit grew 15% and
core gross profit grew 10%, with core gross
margin improving by a percentage point. This
reflects an improving product mix driven by
our shift towards higher value medicines

Core revenue

significantly, reflecting the impact of the

$69 million impairment charge and cost in
relation to halting our operations in Sudan in
2023. Core operating profit grew 11% and core
operating margin expanded to 24.6%. This
reflects the improvement in core gross profit,
which more than offset the negative foreign
exchange impact related to the currency
devaluation in Egypt.

During the year, the Branded business had 36
launches and submitted 59 filings to
regulatory authorities. Revenue from
in-licensed products represented 27% of
Branded revenue (2023: 29%).

Core operating margin

2024 ES $769m

2024 A 24.6%

2023 A S714

2023 23.8%

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

In 2025, we expect Branded revenue to grow
in the range of 6% to 7% in constant currency.
We expect core operating margin to be close
to 25%.

37

---

e on legal matters at each meeting

= The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports,
‘on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering
product quality and safety and legal, regulatory and intellectual property

Outcomes and actions

~ Engaged in shaping US generic pharmaceutical policies and legislation
as a member of the Association of Accessible Medicines (AM)
trade association

~ Regularly engage with US elected officials and policymakers to help
educate key members of Congress and their staff about Hikma’s position
as one of the largest US generic medicine providers, our strong and
growing US manufacturing capabilities, our broad portfolio of essential
medicines and our ability to help solve domestic drug shortages. Our
goal is to develop and maintain supportive relationships with those who
are developing and enacting legislation that strengthens the US supply
of high-quality generic medicines, including those we produce

~ Regularly meet with governing bodies and industry regulators in MENA
tounderstand the unmet healthcare needs in key markets and ensure
‘our product portfolio addresses them

= 1n.2024 we served asa silver sponsor at the ninth GCC Regulatory
Affairs Pharma Summit, held in Dubai. The event gathered key
stakeholders from health authorities across the GCC and MENA
regions, alongside representatives from both regional and international
pharmaceutical sectors, fostering insightful discussions on the evolving
regulatory landscape

Why is it important to engage with this group and what do we expect
from them?

We want our suppliers to:

~ uphold high ethical standards
~ operate ina responsible and sustainable manner
~ work collaboratively to build strong relationships

Our suppliers are critical to our business, and their products and expertise
support us in the delivery of high-quality medicines to patients around the
world, Working together and building strong relationships not only enables
us to deliver on our purpose butit also ensures we have a sustainable and
resilient supply chain.

Operating responsibly and ethically is vital to our long-term success,
‘and we work with our suppliers to ensure the social and ethical standards
we require are upheld.

How we engage across the Group

~ We conduct quality aucits, in ine with our Group audit policy and
regulatory requirements, prior to on-boarding new API suppliers and
ona regular basis for our current supplier base

~ We reinforce our local sourcing and procurement presence in our key
supplier markets to secure preferred access to capacity, innovation
and pricing

~ We share our Supplier Code of Conduct through our supplier onboarding
process, which sets out the standards we expect from all our suppliers,
including fundamental principles on human rights, modern slavery and
our sustainability expectations

~ We conduct initial and ongoing due diligence to assess third-party risks
and run sustainability assessments through EcoVadis and our Hikma
sustainability questionnaire, and regularly work with our suppliers to *
improve their sustainability maturity levels

~ We engage with our suppliers to understand their commitments and
efforts to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as well as the future
impact on our emissions

How we engage at Board level

~ The Board receives updates on supplier issues as part of its review
of operational matters

~ The Board oversees the Group's risk programme and receives reports
on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering APi
and third-party risk management, and ethics and compliance

~ The Compliance, Responsibility and Ethics Committee is responsible
for direct oversight of the Group's approach to ethical issues associated
with suppliers

Outcomes and actions

~ Through our partnership with EcoVadis and our sustainability
questionnaire, we have assessed suppliers who cover over 60%
of our annual procurement spend

~ Actively engaged with key suppliers who generate (from the purchased
goods and services) just over 55% of our Scope 3 footprint

~ Established a dedicated process to identify suppliers at risk of modern
slavery, following the creation of a specialised task force

- Enhanced the use of automation in the Supplier Code of Conduct
acknowledgment process, ensuring that our expectations are clearly
‘communicated and understood before commencing collaboration

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2024

Financial
statements

Strategic
report

Corporate
governance

Investors 20

| We maintain regular contact with investors to ensure they
‘havea thorough understanding of our business. Our investors
‘are largely global institutions and include both equity and
debt holders.

Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they
expect from us?

Our investors want us to:

~ deliver sustainable long-term value

~ effectively communicate our long-term strategy, financial
and operational performance and growth drivers

= meet industry and global standards for good Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) practices

We ensure our investors have an in-depth understanding of our
‘operations, financial performance, growth drivers and ESG efforts.
The Board receives regular updates and feedback on these activities.
This helps ensure that the views of our investors are considered in the
Board's decision-making.

How we engage across the Group

~ We maintain regular contact with our shareholders through a
comprehensive investor relations (IR) programme of conferences,
roadshows, meetings and site visits

~ We maintain regular dialogue with our debt holders and rating agencies

= We communicate our strategy and financial performance through
regular financial reporting and investor events, such as the Annual
General Meeting (AGM)

~ Atargeted external communications programme ensures we are
informing key audiences on our strategic progress and impact on
ourcommunities

How we engage at Board level

~ The Board receives regular updates on the IR programme,
including investor feedback from the AGM, IR meetings and
investor perception studies

~ The Executive Directors are informed of