Better health.
Within reach.
Every day.

Hikma puts better health within reach
every day. By creating high-quality
products and making them accessible
to those who need them, we are helping
to shape a healthier world that enriches
all our communities.

Discover how our purpose drives
hi 6

*
5

feig
AY ithhin reach.
gery BY:

Front cover image

Nuno Lopes is based at our Portugal facility and joi diol ined
Hikma in April 2021 as a warehouse technician. Nuno was
part of the initial team at Hikma Portugal's n ewond lar arges st
centralised warehouse and is one of eight employee:
supporting its operations.

Strategic report Financial highlights

2 =~ Whatwedo Revenue
4 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer's

statement 2 517m
6 Delivering on our purpose S 1

8 — Ourstrategy

10  Ourbusiness model 0,

12 Investment case (1) %o 2021: $2,563m

14 Ourprogress

16 Ourmarkets Operating profit Core’ operating profit

18 Stakeholder engagement

Business and financial review $282 mM S 596 mM

24 Group overview

26 Injectables ——
30 Conan (52)% 2021: $582m (6) % 2021: 562m
* na Profit to shareholders Core profit to shareholders
SA Te enters S188m S$406m

Risk management —_—_ eee
© Gaingeontemand longer-term viability (55)% 2021: s421m (10) % 2021: $450m

70 Non-financial disclosures
Basic earnings per share Core basic earnings per share*

Corporate governance
1 wasve aimarioirio 83.9c 181.3c

76 Corporate governance at a glance

78 Board of Directors a
(54)% 2021: 182.3¢ (7)% 2021: 194.8c

Dividend per share

80 Executive Committee
81 Corporate governance report
86 Committee reports

109 Annual report on remuneration

125 Other statutory disclosures 5 6 Cc

Financial statements

132 Independent auditors’ report 9

140 Consolidated financial statements 4% 2021:54
145 Notes to the consolidated financial statements

193 Company financial statements

195

Notes to the Company financial statements

Non-financial highlights

Shareholder information
200 Shareholder information

)

For more information visit
www.hikma.com

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

Value of our donated medicines

Reduction in our Scope 1and2

GHG emissions since 2020"

$4.3m 15%

Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding.
the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated
financial statements. A reconciliation from core to reported operating profits included
“within the consolidated income statementin the financial statements

Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 1S of the
Group consolidated financial statements

2. We have committed to reducing Scope | and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 25%
‘by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year. See page 46 for further details.

What we do

We bring patients across North America, MENA and
Europe a broad range of generic, specialty and branded
pharmaceutical products.

Our markets

us

Our large manufacturing facilities in the
United States (US) supply generic and
specialty products across a broad range
of therapeutic areas, including respiratory,
oncology and pain management. We also
have three R&D facilities to support
sustainable growth,

Group core revenue
a
57% c.2,000
Employees

MENA

We sell branded generics and in-licensed
patented products across the Middle East
and North Africa (MENA). We have
manufacturing facilities in seven countries,
including US FDA-inspected plants in Jordan
and Saudi Arabia. Around 2,000 sales
representatives and support staff market our
brands to healthcare professionals across

18 markets.

Group core revenue

34%

Europe and Rest of World (ROW)

Our injectable manufacturing facilities in
Portugal, Germany and Italy have a range

of capabilities, including dedicated capacity
for oncology and cephalosporins. These
facilities supply injectable products to North
‘America, MENA and a growing number of
markets in Europe.

Group core revenue
im ii
9% c1,200

Employees

@ R&D hubs
© Corporate HO

A

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

im

nh

Employees Manufacturing plants

c.8,800 32

°
I

Our business segments

b

=

R&D centres Products

8 760+

Injectables w& Branded

S Generics Y

We supply hospitals across our markets with We supply branded generics and in-licensed We supply oral and other non- injectable

generic injectable products, supported by

patented products from our local

‘our manufacturing facilities in the US, Europe manufacturing facilities to retail and hospital
and MENA. customers across the MENA region.

generic and specialty products to the
US retail market, leveraging our state-of-the-
art manufacturing facility in Columbus, Ohio,

Segmental revenue

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

© Injectables @ Branded
$114Im S$691m
2021: $1,053m 2021: $669m
S672m = $18m
2021: $820m 2021: $tim

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer's

statement

46

Our diversified business
model enabled a resilient
core performance in 2022
as we continued to deliver
On our purpose.”

Increasing access to medicines

Hikma was founded 45 years ago to increase
access to affordable medicines.

Our vision, ‘to shape a healthier world that
enriches all our communities’, acts as our
guide, while our purpose, ‘putting better
health within reach, every day’, is our reason
for existing. As Hikma develops and grows,
we strive to deliver on our vision and purpose
to have a positive impact on the world by
making medicines more accessible and
more affordable.

Financial performance

The Group sawa slight revenue decline of
1% versus 2021, with a reduction in core
‘operating profit of 6%. At a divisional level,
we saw a variation in performance with the
effect of severe industry-wide competitive
pressures in Generics partially offset by
good growth from our larger Injectables
and Branded businesses. On a reported
basis, Group operating profit declined 52%,
primarily related to impairments in the
Generics business, For more information,
please refer to page 31 of this report.

Injectables revenue grew 8%, with core
operating profit up 8%. This is a high-quality
global operation with multiple levers for
growth. In the US, we benefitted from recent
launches, including 12 during 2022, as well
as the contribution from the Custopharm
acquisition. In MENA we are investing in local
manufacturing for our own products, and
‘our biosimilar partnerships continue to be
successful. In Europe and ROW, we are
benefitting from a growing portfolio and

‘our ability to respond to market shortages

in Germany. Our business in Canada is also
performing well following the acquisition

of Teligent’s Canadian assets.

Our MENA-based Branded business
delivered a good overall performance while
absorbing currency headwinds in our North
African markets, with revenue growth of 3%
and core operating profit up 17%. Our growth

was driven by strong demand for medicines
focused on chronic ilinesses, including our
growing oral oncology portfolio, We also saw
a normalisation in demand for anti-infectives,
following some reductions in prior years due
to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Our Generics business was impacted by the
intense competitive environment in the US,
which drove low double-digit price erosion
and mid single-digit volume erosion. We also
hada limited introduction of new products
and a slower than expected ramp-up of
recent launches. These factors resulted in

a reduction in revenue of 18% and a decline
in core operating profit of 49%. Despite these
challenges and thanks, in part, to the focus
we have put on improving efficiencies in
recent years, we delivered a core operating
margin of 15.3%, in line with our guidance,
with core operating profit of $103 million.
Looking ahead, we are focused on building

a more diversified product portfolio, with

an increased share of specialty products.

Like many other businesses, we have also
had to navigate the challenges of operating
ina volatile macroeconomic environment.
We experienced an increase in costs due

to inflation, including higher shipping,
utilities and employee benefits costs. We
were also impacted bya rise in interest rates.
Through operating efficiencies, we were
able to absorb these increases toa large
degree, minimising their overall impact

and demonstrating the strength and
resilience of our underlying business.

Strategic progress

Our strategy, based on the three pillars
outlined on pages 8 and 9 of this report,
supports Hikma’s position as a global
generics pharmaceutical company with a
growing, differentiated product portfolio
and a leading position in our key markets.

Injectables is delivering more from its strong.
foundation by focusing on optimising our
global operational footprint to increase

flexibility and efficiency. This means sharing
‘our engineering expertise across our plants,
leveraging our ability to supply our markets
from across our operational base, and
ensuring the manufacture of our broad
portfolio can adapt to meet changing demand.

We have continued to invest in increasing
capacity, with new high-speed lines being
added in Portugal and New Jersey and
construction is underway for new Injectables
plants in Algeria and Morocco. We have a
new R&D leadership structure that is focused
on adding more complex products to our
portfolio, We are establishing our new sterile
compounding business in the US and while
inits infancy now, this business is set to be
an important contributor to Hikma in the
future as we establish ourselves as a leading
compounder in this market. We continue to
make good strategic progress in our MENA
Injectables business. In 2022, we signed new
licensing deals with Celltrion Healthcare and
Junshi Biosciences for biosimilar and biologic
products. Finally, we continue to expand in
Europe, with our entry into France, and in
Canada. We expect these markets to be an
important growth driver in the years ahead.

Branded has benefitted from our strong
local presence and the tiering structure

we introduced in 2018, where we focus on
‘our markets with the highest value and
‘opportunity for growth. We saw good
progress in most markets in 2022 and our
flexible and local manufacturing facilities
and broad portfolio allowed us to be

nimble and adapt quickly to evolving
demand. | was delighted when we became
the third largest pharmaceutical company

in MENA in 2022! - up from the fourth largest
in 2021 and our ambition is to keep growing.
We are focusing our R&D on specialty and
chronic disease areas, and continue to value
the importance of partnerships, as well as
selling our own products.

1. IQVIA Midas MAT September 2022 for Algeria, Egypt.
Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Moracco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia,
UAE.US dollar sales.

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

Revenue - 2022

@ Injectables

Branded
© Generics
Total

Strategic report

Core operating profit - 2022

45% ($1,14im) LO @ injectables 63%

27% (S691m) i Branded 22%

27% ($672) 9 Generics 18%
$2,517m

1. Core operating profit is $596 million, Before unallocated corporate costs of $84 mili

and operating profit from Other business of $3 milion, core operating profit contribution
from business segments is $677 milion

Our Generics business has continued to
build its specialty portfolio of higher barrier
to entry products and dosage forms that
are more insulated from pricing pressure.
By achieving a better balance between
traditional generics and more durable
products, the business will be on a stronger
footing for the future. We have a state-of-the-
art manufacturing facility in Columbus,
Ohio, and we will increasingly leverage its
capabilities and quality record for strategic
contract manufacturing to help improve
the resilience of the business.

Financial returns

We generated good cashflow in 2022, which
has enabled a final dividend of 37 cents per
share. Combined with the interim dividend
of 19 cents per share, this represents a 4%
increase in the total dividend for 2022. While
our financial performance in 2022 lagged our
longer-term track record, we are confident
in our return to growth in 2023 supported

by recent launches and good momentum

in all our businesses.

Acting responsibly

We have identified four focus areas that guide
our approach to sustainability: advancing
health and wellbeing; empowering our
people; protecting the environment; and
building trust through quality in everything
wedo.

For our customers and their patients, we help
to advance health and wellbeing by launching
new products, such as oral oncology products
in Algeria which are bringing new treatment
options, and ensuring availability of existing
treatments. We work closely with hospitals,
pharmacies and buying groups across our
markets to ensure their needs are met.

We also engage with our communities, a
practice which is ingrained in how Hikma
does business across its locations and you

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

can read much more on the projects we
undertake and the impact we have on pages
42 and 43 of this report.

We are all too aware of the threat of climate
change and we are making good progress
towards achieving our target of reducing
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 25% by 2030.

We are also focusing on better understanding
our Scope 3 emissions, so that we can begin
to make improvements in this important area.
You can read more about our environmental
progress and how this links to remuneration

on pages 46 and 96 of this report.

The strategic bedrock toalll three of the
businesses is our people. Culture has been
an important focus for us since inception.
Throughout the year, | have enjoyed visiting
our sites around the world and seeing how
our culture of progress and belonging is
embodied in how our people are living our
values: innovative, caring and collaborative.
What does this mean in practice? Pages 6
and7 of this report gives examples of how
these values directly translate into our
purpose. Culture is forged in our history.
Many of our staff have been with us for
decades, and this corporate memory can be
passed on to our newer recruits. We are one
global company united by a simple vision and
this has been the case since the business
was founded 45 years ago.

Our culture also results in a quality mindset.
In this industry, failures in quality systems can
put lives at risk. We care greatly about what
we do, demonstrated by the relentless focus
‘on quality at our plants, whether it be through
the number of quality professionals, the high
levels of automation in the plants, or the
rigorous levels of testing that our finished
products go through. Our facilities are
maintained as ready for regulator inspection.
We also have a global pharmacovigilance
programme in place to continually monitor
the safety of our products.

Governance and leadership
Ihave enjoyed stepping back temporarily
into the CEO role following the departure
of Siggi Olafsson in mid-2022. Siggi played
an important role in Hikma's strategic
advancements in recent years and | would
again like to thank him and wish him well
for the future. The search for a new CEO

is ongoing and an update will be provided
when an appointment is made.

We havea strong independent Board, and
Iwas delighted to welcome three female
Non-Executive Directors in 2022, each of
whom will bring fresh thinking and leadership
toHikma.

Looking forward
lam confident and very excited about
Hikma's future.

We havea strategy that will drive growth and,
most importantly, a strategy that will keep
bringing access to critical medicines to the
people who need them most. We have a
strong foundation, and while we have faced
some industry headwinds in the US, Hikma's
diversified business has provided a level of
resilience. The portfolio continues to grow
and become more specialised. Our people
are the living embodiment of our culture
and | am always amazed by the commitment
to getting the job done.

ook forward to keeping you updated on
our progress.

Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer

In

=
We are innovative

Our business was founded on thinking
innovatively and this is as relevant today as.
it was then, particularly in this fast-changing
world. To continue growing and delivering on
‘our purpose of putting better health within
reach, every day, we need to turn new ideas
into real actions that drive change.

Our new 503B compounding businessisa
great example of how we used our decades of
expertise in manufacturing sterile injectables
to provide hospitals with the medicines they
need. Sterile compounding is the process of
combining, mixing, or altering ingredients to
create medications in ready-to-administer
formats tailored to the needs of healthcare
providers. Itis an important specialised
approach to drug manufacturing that serves
a critical role in patient care.

In late 2020, we acquired a facility in Dayton,
New Jersey, with the objective of creating a
state-of-the -art sterile compounding facility
that not only meets but exceeds US-FDA
requirements in this industry. Since then, our
engineering and quality teams applied their
knowledge of sterile injectable manufacturing
to develop a dedicated site for sterile
compounding that is FDA-compliant and
scaled to improve productivity and quality
control. Asa result, Hikma’s 503B
compounding business is uniquely positioned
to bring pharmaceutical manufacturing
standards to an industry that has faced quality
issues in the past, helping to meet a growing
need within the US healthcare system.

{e)
Tol

We are caring

We have a duty of care towards our
customers, patients and communities around
the world. Since inception, we have been
dedicated to transforming people's lives by
providing the medicine and support they
need every day.

We have a medicine donation programme
to support people and communities that are
struggling to access the medicines they
need, This year, we took urgent action to help
patients impacted by the war in Ukraine. Our
teams acted quickly when they learned that
two children, Nikita and Camilla, were in need
of our Everolimus 5mg medicine. Everolimus
can be used to treat tuberous sclerosis
complex, a rare genetic disease that causes
benign tumours to grow in certain parts of
the body. We manufacture this product in our
high containment facility in Columbus, Ohio.
Through our partnership with Direct Relief,
we donated quantities of Everolimus and
other medicines to meet the needs of these
children and the people of Ukraine.

Our strategy

Together we are building a leading generics
and specialty pharmaceutical company
where everyone can thrive.

Ourvision Our purpose Our values

To shape a healthier To help put better Innovative, caring
world that enriches all health within reach, and collaborative
our communities every day

jues

5 @ ® ©

‘Advancing health Empowering Protecting the Building trust
and wellbeing our people environment through quality in
everything we do

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

Our three strategic pillars

Deliver more
from a strong
foundation

Build a portfolio
that anticipates
future health
needs

Inspire and
enable our
people

Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022

Our approach

Enhance and expand manufacturing capabilities
and capacity

Maintain our unwavering commitment
toquality

Improve operations and processes to increase
efficiency and responsiveness :

Build customer relationships

Build a portfolio of more differentiated,
higher barrier to entry products

Address health needs in our local markets

1

Partner to bring innovative products
tomarket

Build a strong culture of progress and belonging
that attracts and retains talented employees

Empower our people by promoting diversity, equity
and inclusion

KPIs

~ Core revenue
- Core operating profit
~ Return on invested capital

- Core revenue from new
products launched

~ Employee enablement
~ Employee engagement

(o) Find out more about our
key performance indicators
on page 14

Find out more about our
risks on page 60

Our business model

Our diversified business model allows us to
respond to the many opportunities and threats
we face, while delivering for our stakeholders.

Better health within reach every day

Our business segments Our resources

Financial

Investment in R&D, manufacturing facilities,
partnerships and MA collectively enable us
to expand our product portfolio, technical
capabilities and operations.

fi People

no We have a highly skilled, diverse and °

yr effective workforce. Through continuous al

7a” investment in the development of our ff
people and by hiring new talent, we

Injectables secure our future.

Jo

Values
Our values promote a culture that is +
innovative, collaborative and caring,

ensuring the future of our business.

Branded Relationships

Strong relationships with regulators,
customers and health authorities
across all our markets, and successful

collaborations with industry partners,
enable us to deliver on our purpose.

Capabilities

We have extensive commercial,
R&D, manufacturing and distribution O
capabilities across our markets,

focused on quality and efficiency.

10 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022