Better health. 
Within reach. 
Every day.
© Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC
Annual Report 2025

Hikma puts better health within reach, every day. By creating 
high-quality products and making them accessible to those 
who need them, we are helping to shape a healthier world 
that enriches all our communities.
Better health. 
Within reach. 
Every day.
STRATEGIC  REPORT
What we do 2
Executive Chairman and CEO statement 4
Our strategy 6
Our business model 10
Investment case 12
Our progress 16
Our markets 18 
Stakeholder engagement 22
Business and financial review 28
– Group 29
– Injectables 30
– Branded 32
– Hikma Rx 34
– Group performance 36
Sustainability 40
– Sustainability at Hikma 42
– TCFD disclosure 66
Risk management 80
Going concern and longer-term viability 89
Non-financial and sustainability  
information statement 92
CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE  REPORT
Executive Chairman’s overview 96
Corporate governance at a glance 98
Board of Directors 100
Executive Committee 102
Corporate governance 103
Committee reports 107
Annual report on remuneration 132
Other statutory disclosures 150
FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS
Independent auditors’ report 156
Consolidated financial statements 162
Notes to the consolidated financial  
statements 167
Company financial statements 212
Notes to the Company financial  
statements 214
SHAREHOLDER  INFORMATION
Shareholder information 219
Cover image
Merkuba Erceg is a Senior Lab Technician at 
Hikma’s Zagreb R&D hub. She helps develop 
standard, complex and differentiated generic 
injectable medicines.
1. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated  
financial statements
2. Core basic earnings per share is reconciled to basic earnings per share in Note 11 of the Group consolidated financial statements
3. We have committed to reducing Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (market-based) by 25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year. For reporting in this Annual Report, we have used 
data from January to September 2025 and extrapolated to estimate quantities for October to December 2025. More information on this methodology can be found on our website. We 
have restated our 2020 base year emissions footprint to take into account our Xellia acquisition, 2024 and 2023 comparatives remain unchanged. More details are available on page 59
Driving top-line growth
6% Group core revenue growth
Increasing scale
of our manufacturing  
through automation  
and increased capacity
Expanding our portfolio
84 products launched 
Adding differentiation
to the portfolio through 
acquisition and partnerships
Investing for the future
4.5% of Group core  
revenue invested in R&D  
for continued growth
Positive outlook
as we build on strong momentum 
with a clear strategy for growth
Non-financial 
highlights
Strategic  
progress
Value of our  
donated medicines
$2.6m
2024: $4.1m
Reduction in Scope 1 and 2  
GHG emissions since 20203
16%
2024: 17%
Employee engagement 
score (2024)
73%
Revenue
$3,349m
+7% 2024: $3,127m
Core1 revenue
$3,349m
+6% 2024: $3,156m
Operating profit
$542m
(11)% 2024: $612m
Core operating profit
$741m
+3% 2024: $719m
Profit to shareholders
$402m
+12% 2024: $359m
Core profit to shareholders
$503m
+2% 2024: $495m
Basic earnings per share 
182c
+12% 2024: 162c
Core basic earnings per share2
228c
+2% 2024: 224c
Dividend per share
84c
+5% 2024: 80c
Financial  
highlights
 1
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

$3,349m
Copyright © Free Vector Maps.com
1. During the year, the business formerly known as Generics was renamed Hikma Rx
We bring patients across North America, MENA  
and Europe a broad range of generic, specialty  
and branded pharmaceutical products.
What we do
US
Germany
Croatia
Italy
Tunisia
Jordan
EgyptAlgeria
Morocco
Portugal
UK
KSA
3
1
2
4
3
1
1
1
3
5
3
1
Global reach
9,400
Employees
29
Manufacturing plants
3
R&D hubs
825+
Products
 Manufacturing plants  R&D hubs  Corporate HQ
Segmental core revenue
2025
($m)
2024
($m)
 Injectables 1,423 1,324
 Branded 849 769
 Hikma Rx 1,037 1,037
 Other 40 26
Total 3,349 3,156
Our business segments
Injectables
We supply hospitals across our 
markets with generic and specialty 
injectable products, supported by  
our manufacturing facilities in the  
US, Europe and MENA. 
 Read more on page 30
Branded
We supply branded generics and  
in-licensed patented products, 
supported by our local manufacturing 
facilities, to retail and hospital 
customers across the MENA region.
 Read more on page 32
Hikma Rx1
We supply oral, respiratory and other  
generic and specialty products to the 
North American retail market, leveraging 
our state-of-the-art manufacturing 
facility in Columbus, Ohio.
 Read more on page 34
Our purpose Our values
Better health.
Within reach.
Every day.
We are one Hikma, supporting each 
other, driving onwards, growing our 
business and pursuing our collective 
promise – to put better health within 
reach, every day. At the heart of this 
are our three values: innovative, 
caring and collaborative. Innovative Caring Collaborative
A culture of progress and belonging 
Our markets
North America
Our large manufacturing facilities in  
the United States (US) supply generic  
and specialty products to the US  
and Canadian markets across a broad 
range of therapeutic areas, including 
respiratory, oncology and pain 
management. We have an R&D hub  
in Columbus, Ohio.
MENA
We sell branded generics and in-licensed 
patented products across the Middle  
East and North Africa (MENA). We have 
manufacturing facilities in six MENA 
countries, including US FDA-inspected 
plants in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Around 
2,000 sales representatives and support 
staff market our brands to healthcare 
professionals across 17 markets. We also 
have an R&D hub in Amman, Jordan. 
Europe and Rest of World
Our injectable manufacturing  
facilities in Portugal, Italy and Germany 
have a range of capabilities, including 
dedicated capacity for oncology  
and cephalosporins. These facilities 
supply injectable products to North 
America, MENA and a growing number  
of markets in Europe. We also have  
an R&D hub in Zagreb, Croatia.
c.2,300
Employees
59.0%
Group core revenue 
c.5,700
Employees
32.5%
Group core revenue 
c.1,400
Employees
8.5%
Group core revenue 
4 1
Following the restructuring and centralising of R&D during 2025, we now have three key R&D hubs in Columbus, Ohio, US; Zagreb Croatia; and Amman, Jordan
Injectables 
$1,423m
$3,349m
Other 
$40m
Hikma Rx 
$1,037m
Branded 
$849m
 3
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 20252
 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Ensuring patients have access to the 
medicines they need is at the heart of 
everything we do. In 2025, we continued  
to invest in our people, capabilities, and 
infrastructure to strengthen our ability  
to deliver high-quality, affordable  
medicines across the  
communities we serve.
Executive Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer’s statement
Hikma celebrated the twentieth anniversary 
of our listing on the London Stock Exchange 
during 2025 – a milestone I’m hugely proud of. 
When we listed we had six manufacturing 
plants, employed fewer than 2,000 people 
and generated $262 million in revenue. We 
now have 29 manufacturing plants, employ 
over 9,300 people and generate over $3.3 
billion in revenue with enviable margins and 
cash generation. But more important than the 
growth we have delivered is the impact we 
have had on patients, providing vital, more 
affordable medicines to those who need them.
I am proud and energised to have stepped 
back into the CEO role at the end of 2025. 
I have a strong team around me both at a 
leadership level and throughout the business 
and we share a strong belief in the potential 
of our business and the many exciting 
opportunities ahead.
Looking back at 2025
We grew Group revenue by 7% and Group 
core operating profit by 3% in 2025, in line 
with market expectations. I am pleased with 
what we achieved, especially in our Branded 
and Hikma Rx businesses, which performed 
exceptionally well. We also faced some 
challenges in our Injectables business,  
but I am confident that we have solid plans  
in place to strengthen the long-term 
foundation of the business. 
Injectables
Despite facing some headwinds in the year, 
the Injectables business still delivered an 
impressive 9% growth in revenue. Core EBIT 
margin was 31%, lower than in pervious years, 
reflecting our evolving geographic mix and an 
increase in products either partnered with or 
produced by third parties. This dynamic will 
continue into 2026, as these products are 
expected to make up an increasing 
percentage of Injectables revenue. 
We are investing significantly in this business, 
with projects across our global footprint, and 
a renewed focus on R&D. Our patent-
protected, ready-to-use, room temperature 
stable vancomycin bag, Tyzavan
®, was 
launched in late 2025 and we are excited for 
the potential of this game-changing sepsis 
treatment. The team who developed 
Tyzavan
®, based in our R&D facility in Zagreb, 
is working to build a pipeline of similarly 
differentiated injectable products and 
we are excited to be investing behind  
these opportunities. 
Work on our Bedford plant continues at pace 
and we continue to expect full commercial 
production to commence in 2028. 
Branded
Our Branded business delivered another 
strong performance in 2025, growing revenue 
10% and core operating profit 19%, 
reinforcing its position as a leading healthcare 
company and trusted partner across MENA.  
I am immensely proud of this business: 
Branded consistently delivers growth  
at excellent margins and our reputation  
and scale in the region sets us up for 
continued success.
In 2025, we continued to invest in expanding 
our portfolio, introducing new products to 
meet the growing needs of patients and 
healthcare systems in the region. We are also 
launching products beyond medicines, such 
as diagnostics tools, through our partnership 
with Guardant Health, as we evolve into a 
full-service healthcare company in MENA. 
With all of this, our focus on quality, 
affordability, and local partnerships remains 
central to our success, enabling us to 
maintain a leading position, and I am thrilled 
to say that we have recently become the 
largest pharmaceutical company in MENA.
2
Hikma Rx
During the year we renamed our US 
non-injectables business Hikma Rx, 
previously Generics. This is an important 
evolution as the new name better reflects this 
business’s focus on delivering high-quality, 
differentiated non-injectable prescription 
medicines. In 2025, Hikma Rx has continued 
to be a driver of profit growth and a 
cornerstone of our strategy. 
We are investing in this business, expanding 
our portfolio to meet the evolving needs of 
patients and healthcare providers. Our base 
portfolio of more complex products such  
as nasal sprays and inhalers has been 
performing well, and at the same time, we are 
adding more complexity through targeted 
R&D initiatives, particularly for complex nasal 
spray and inhalation products. 
Looking ahead, carrying out contract 
manufacturing (CMO) services will be 
increasingly important for this business as we 
leverage our expertise and infrastructure to 
drive revenue growth and deliver efficiency 
and innovation across the segment. The fact 
that we are guiding this year to core operating 
margin of close to 20% is testament to the 
improving quality of this business, which is 
absolutely core to Hikma’s growth plans.
Group synergies and R&D
Hikma’s three businesses are each distinct 
in their own way, but with many shared 
attributes. Ultimately, each business is 
developing, manufacturing and 
commercialising life-saving medicines.  
As we strive to optimise our business 
performance, we are looking to capture 
synergies across our global operations. 
In 2025, we centralised the R&D function 
under a global structure, led by our President 
of Hikma Rx, Hafrun Fridriksdottir. Hafrun has 
a strong background in managing global R&D 
teams and has a proven record of product 
approvals worldwide. Under the new 
structure, we now have three main areas of 
focus: Injectables; Respiratory, nasals, 
semi-solids and liquids (RNSSL); and Solid 
Orals, all supported by R&D Operations and 
Regulatory Affairs teams. Working 
collaboratively together, this new global R&D 
team will prioritise accelerating the delivery of 
more high-value and increasingly complex 
products across our global businesses.
We are also working to integrate AI into our 
operations and have an AI Advisory Board 
which oversees AI learning, digital 
applications and governance.
Every stakeholder counts
From patients and healthcare professionals 
to colleagues, shareholders, and the 
communities we serve, we recognise that our 
success depends on creating value for each 
of them. We listen carefully and consider all 
these stakeholders, and you can find out 
more on our approach to these relationships 
in the stakeholder section of this report on 
pages 22 to 27. 
We have also refreshed our ‘Acting 
Responsibly’ framework during 2025. Access 
to medicine is the guiding principle of the 
framework, supported by environment, 
quality and people.
At Hikma we are proud to be an incredibly 
diverse company, with people from all 
backgrounds contributing to our success.  
We also continue to closely monitor and 
focus on ensuring we have strong 
representation of women throughout the 
Group – you can see the detail behind this  
in the corporate governance section of this 
report, on page 94.
Governance updates
Our Board provides the strategic oversight, 
diverse expertise, and independent 
judgement needed to help guide the Group 
and support our management team. By 
fostering robust governance and constructive 
challenge, the Board ensures that our 
decisions align with our purpose and create 
sustainable value for all stakeholders. 
This year, the Board has had the chance to 
see more of the operations of the Group, 
including a strategy meeting at our Portugal 
facility – an exciting opportunity for Board 
members to engage with the wider business. 
The Board also approved the Group Capital 
Allocation Framework, which ensures we 
have a disciplined strategy for deploying, 
managing and returning capital in a manner 
that supports long-term growth, financial 
resilience and shareholder value creation.
During 2025, John Castellani and Nina 
Henderson retired from the Board, having 
each served for nine years. The experience, 
thought and dedication they have brought to 
the Board and its committees has been of 
great value both to me as Chairman and  
to Hikma. I thank them for their service  
to the Group. Riad Mishlawi also stepped 
down from the Board and as CEO at the  
end of 2025. 
I took over the CEO role in December and, at 
the same time, we appointed Khalid Nabilsi, 
CFO, to the Board of Directors. Khalid brings 
over 20 years of experience at Hikma and  
will be taking on broader responsibilities, 
detailed below. 
I intend to remain in the CEO role for around 
the next two years, as we look to rebuild 
confidence and execute our growth plans.
To ensure I am fully focused on the CEO role,  
I am stepping down as Executive Chairman. 
Victoria Hull will become Non-Executive 
Chair and Douglas Hurt will become Senior 
Independent Director.
Leadership changes 
We are making several adjustments to 
Hikma’s leadership, both to help me in the 
day-to-day management of the business and 
to ensure that we start moving faster and 
more effectively.
We have created two new Deputy CEO 
positions. Mazen Darwazah, currently 
Executive Vice Chairman and President of 
MENA, has been appointed Deputy CEO, 
MENA, with responsibility now for all of our 
activities in MENA, including MENA Injectables.
Khalid Nabilsi, currently CFO, will take on the 
role of Deputy CEO, North America and 
Europe and will oversee all Hikma’s activities 
in North America and Europe. He will step 
down as CFO.
The Board has initiated a search for a new 
CFO. While the search is ongoing, Areb Kurdi, 
currently VP, Group Financial Controller, will 
become Acting CFO.
Hafrun Fridriksdottir, currently Global Head  
of R&D and President, Hikma Rx, will add 
management of our Injectables commercial 
activities in North America to her 
responsibilities and will become President, 
North America in addition to her R&D role.
For further information on these leadership 
changes, please refer to the Nomination and 
Governance Committee report on page 107.
A strategy for growth
Our ambition is clear: to build on our long 
history of success and ensure that Hikma 
continues to deliver sustainable growth and 
long-term value. We will achieve this by 
investing in innovation, expanding our 
capabilities, and deepening our presence 
across our key markets. 
2026 will be a year where we focus on 
investing to deliver that growth, in particular 
in our Injectables business.
We have an exceptional team at Hikma and 
our people are critical to our ongoing 
success. I’d like to thank all my colleagues for 
their sustained efforts to ensure that Hikma 
continues to grow and keeps putting better 
health within reach, every day.
Said Darwazah
Executive Chairman and CEO
 Injectables 42.5%  $1,423m
 Branded 25.3%  $849m
 H ikma Rx 31.0%  $1,037m
 Other 1.2%  $40m
Total $3,349m
 Injectables 52.3%
 Branded 26.5%
 H ikma Rx 21.2%
1. C ore operating profit is $741 million. Before unallocated corporate costs of $97 million 
and operating loss from Other business of $6 million, core operating profit contribution 
from business segments is $844 million
Core revenue – 2025 Core operating profit – 20251
2. B ased on internal analysis using data from the following 
source: IQVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for 
Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco,  
Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and UAE, for the period: MAT 
November 2025, reflecting estimates of real-world 
activity. Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved
4  5
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Our strategy
We aim to deliver consistent and profitable growth by building 
a leading generics and specialty pharmaceutical company, 
putting better health within reach, every day.
 
Find out more about our KPIs on page 16
 
Find out more about our risks on page 82
 
Find out more about our  
strategic progress on page 28
Our  
purpose-led 
strategy
People and responsibility
Diversify and  
differentiate
Strive for excellence
operational efficiencies and embrace new 
technologies, maintaining our high quality levels
our broad portfolio and strong  
commercial capabilities
KPIs
 – Core revenue
 – Core operating profit
 – Return on average 
invested capital
a more differentiated pipeline
into adjacent businesses and geographies
KPIs
 – Percentage of revenue from 
new business over three years
our people and cultivate a unified culture
responsibly across our local markets  
and communities 
KPIs
 – Employee engagement 
and enablement
 – Reduction in Scope 1  
and 2 emissions
Our strategic pillars
Enhance
Leverage
Develop
Expand
Empower
Act
Our approach
 7
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 20256
 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Our purpose in action
Investing in R&D to drive  
high-value pipeline delivery
Hikma is committed to building  
a differentiated pipeline of  
complex products. 
Under a newly unified global R&D 
organisation, we have consolidated 
research capabilities into a single Group 
structure with three hubs in Ohio, US, 
Jordan and Croatia, specialising in 
Respiratory, nasals, semi-solids and 
liquids (RNSSL); Solid Orals and 
Injectables. This reorganisation 
optimises resources, strengthens 
capabilities, standardises product 
selection across technical platforms,  
and accelerates time-to-market, 
supporting strategic growth priorities  
for our Injectables, Branded and  
Hikma Rx businesses.
Complex products creating  
significant market opportunities
Our pipeline focuses on both simple  
and technically complex, differentiated 
products addressing unmet medical 
needs, for example:
We are developing a single-dose 
epinephrine nasal spray for emergency 
anaphylaxis treatment. With the US 
epinephrine auto-injector market 
forecast to be valued at approximately 
$1.2 billion by 20321, this innovative nasal 
alternative offers substantial benefit 
through improved ease of administration 
and patient compliance.
Tyzavan® our reformulated vancomycin 
ready-to-use injectable medicine is 
another example of how we are adding 
complexity to our product portfolio.  
This patent-protected, ready-to-use, 
room temperature stable bag addresses 
critical hospital needs for treating serious 
infections including septicaemia.
Our new unified R&D organisation optimises our resources, 
strengthens our capabilities, standardises the product 
selection process across our technical platforms, accelerates 
time-to-market and supports our strategic growth priorities.”
Hafrun Fridriksdottir
President, Hikma Rx and Head of Global R&D
1. www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2024-06-17/epinephrine-auto-injectors-market-set-for-lifesaving-
growth-at-49-cagr-reaching-us-32-billion-by
99 
approvals
84  
launches
8  9
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Hikma Rx
Branded
Injectables
Our business segments Our resources What we do
Better health within reach every day
Our business model
Our diversified business model allows us  
to respond to the opportunities and threats  
we face, while delivering for our stakeholders.
Sustainable business
We act responsibly, advancing 
health and wellbeing, 
empowering our people, 
protecting the environment 
and building trust through 
quality in everything we do.
Return on average 
invested capital
We have a strong track 
record of generating high 
returns on our investments. 
Empowering our people
By focusing on the development 
of our people, we provide long 
and rewarding careers for our 
talented and diverse workforce.
Patient benefits
We provide patients across 
our markets with high-quality 
medicines.
People
We have a highly skilled, diverse 
and effective workforce. Through 
continuous investment in the 
development of our people and 
by hiring new talent, we secure  
our future.
Relationships
Strong relationships with 
regulators, customers and health 
authorities across all our markets, 
and successful collaborations 
with industry partners, enable 
us to deliver on our purpose.
Values
Our culture of progress  
and belonging is backed  
by our values – innovative,  
collaborative and caring.
Capabilities
We have extensive commercial, 
R&D, manufacturing and distribution 
capabilities across our markets, 
focused on quality and efficiency.
Financial
Investment in R&D, manufacturing 
facilities, partnerships and M&A 
collectively enable us to expand 
our product portfolio, technical 
capabilities and operations.
Develop and innovate
We are developing a more differentiated 
pipeline to meet the evolving needs of  
patients and healthcare professionals  
through investments in R&D, partnerships  
and strategic acquisitions.
Market across geographies
We distribute our products through 
experienced sales and marketing teams.  
In the MENA region, where we have a focus  
on branded products, around 2,000 
representatives and support staff market 
our brands to doctors and pharmacists, 
while our sales teams in North America 
and Europe sell to wholesalers, pharmacy 
chains, governments and hospital 
purchasing organisations.
Manufacture and maintain quality
Our extensive and high-quality  
manufacturing capabilities are at the heart 
of what we do. We have 29 plants across the 
Group that supply our global markets with  
a broad range of injectable, oral, respiratory 
and other generic and specialty products, 
including 13 US FDA-inspected plants and  
12 EMA-inspected plants.
Offer a broad product portfolio
We offer a broad and differentiated 
portfolio of more than 825 products.  
It includes high-quality generic and 
branded generic medicines, and 
a growing number of in-licensed, innovative, 
specialty and compounded products.
16%
Reduction in Scope 1  
and 2 emissions since 
base year 2020
16%1
Return on average 
invested capital 
825+
Products
73%
Employee  
engagement  
score (2024)
69%
Employee  
enablement  
score (2024)
The value we create
 Find out more about our KPIs on page 16
1. See reconciliation on page 37
10  11
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Our  
purpose-led 
strategy
Diversify and 
differentiate
Strive for 
excellence
People and 
responsibility
Trust, quality and agility Our balance sheet strengthOur strategic approachInnovation through partnerships  
and acquisitions
A clear strategy for growthA solid platform with a  
unique business model
Proven track record and  
strong financial position
Increasingly diverse  
portfolio and pipeline
A strong business model with significant opportunities 
to further enhance our portfolio, drive growth and 
deliver value for shareholders.
+7%
Five-year revenue 
compound annual  
growth rate (CAGR)
+6%
Five-year core3 EBIT CAGR
84
launches in 2025
300+
products in our pipeline
25.5%
Core EBITDA3,4 margin
16.0%
Return on average 
invested capital5
1.6x
net debt/core EBITDA4
Investment case
Leading market positions
 – 7th largest generic pharma company in the US1
 – Largest pharma company in MENA2
Expanding manufacturing footprint
29 plants across our markets, with additional 
facilities being established 
Global player with local expertise
 – A broad portfolio that is tailored to local market needs
 – Aspiration to spend to c.5% to 6% of Group revenue  
on R&D to ensure the consistent development of  
new products 
 – Growing presence in specialty, complex and higher-
value products, which offer less competition and  
higher margins 
 – Strong momentum in new product launches across  
our markets
 – Enhance operational efficiencies and embrace new 
technologies, maintaining our high quality levels
 – Leverage our broad portfolio and strong  
commercial capabilities
 – Develop a more differentiated pipeline 
 – Expand into adjacent businesses and geographies
 – Empower our people and cultivate a unified culture
 – Act responsibly across our local markets  
and communities
We are a trusted partner known  
for our commitment to quality  
and reliability of supply 
We work closely with governments  
and regulators to ensure highest  
quality standards
Agile supply chain, flexible manufacturing 
and leading technical capabilities
 – Strong cash generation with $436 million operating  
cash flow in 2025
 – A strong balance sheet that provides financial 
flexibility to support future growth. 
1. IQVIA MAT November 2025, includes all generic injectable and generic non-injectable products, by sales 
2. Based on internal analysis using data from the following source: IQVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and 
UAE, for the period: MAT November 2025, reflecting estimates of real-world activity. Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved
3. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 6 of the Group consolidated financial 
statements. Core results are a non-IFRS measure. See page 37 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results
4. Core EBITDA is core operating profit before depreciation and software amortisation 
5. See reconciliation on page 37
 – Enhancing our pipeline by adding innovative products 
through value-creating partnerships 
 – Adding to the strength of our base business through 
strategic acquisitions 
Delivering growth  
and high returns
Strategic execution driven  
by our three pillars
Our presence and positioning Broad portfolio and growing  
investment in R&D
12  13
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Investing in manufacturing  
excellence at Hikma
Our purpose in action
Manufacturing excellence sits at the 
heart of Hikma’s operations. With 29 
manufacturing plants across the US, 
Europe and the MENA region, our global 
production network represents a critical 
core strength that underpins our 
competitive advantage. As a global 
leader with local reach, we tailor 
production to meet the specific needs  
of local markets while maintaining 
world-class standards. 
Ongoing capital investment
We have always committed significant 
resources to expand manufacturing 
facilities globally, while ensuring we 
maintain the highest levels of quality. By 
investing in our manufacturing network, 
we are better able to serve hundreds of 
millions of patients worldwide.
Throughout 2025, we made substantial 
capital investments in manufacturing 
infrastructure to enhance capabilities 
and capacity. 
Selected highlights 
Columbus, Ohio, US – Expanded our 
Hikma Rx site to support our contract 
manufacturing (CMO) business, an 
increasingly important contributor  
to segment growth over the medium  
to long term.
Algeria – Successfully upgraded our 
existing facility to a fully-contained oral 
oncology manufacturing plant, 
strengthening and expanding our 
oncology business in Algeria.
Tunisia – Launched an updated 
manufacturing plant to produce general 
formulation medicines, expanding our 
capacity to serve North African patients.
Looking ahead
We remain committed to expanding our 
manufacturing footprint and advancing 
technology across our global network.  
In 2026, strategic investments in our 
injectables facilities in the US and 
Portugal will enhance capacity and 
strengthen our ability to meet growing 
demand in these key markets.
Manufacturing excellence is the 
foundation of everything we do at Hikma. 
Investing into facilities worldwide enable 
us to combine cutting-edge technology 
with local expertise, delivering the  
high-quality medicines patients need 
while driving sustainable growth  
for our business.”
Khalid Nabilsi
Chief Financial Officer
14
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance  15

Our progress
We are delivering on our strategy and measuring 
our performance with key performance indicators (KPIs).
Strategic priority Strive for excellence Diversify and differentiate People and Responsibility
KPI Core1 revenue 
($m)
Core1 operating profit 
($m)
Return on average  
invested capital 
(%)
New business  
(%)
Employee engagement (2024) 
(%)
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
emissions reduction (%)
$3,349m $741m 16.0% 19%
1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025
73% 16%
Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
since base year 2020
2,553 2,517
2,875
3,156
2024202320222021 2025
3,349
632 596
707 719
2024202320222021 2025
741 17.6
15.6
17.7 16.9
2024202320222021 2025
16.0
Employee enablement (2024) 
(%)
69%
 20203 20254
Total emissions 
(tCO2e) 155,142 130,743
% reduction 
from 2020 – 16%
Hikma aims to run a global people survey 
every two years. The last full people survey 
was run in 2024, with the 2026 survey 
underway. As such, we are reporting the 
enablement and engagement percentages 
from 2024. To find out more about our 
engagement and enablement activities  
for our people, refer to the stakeholder 
engagement on page 22 and empowering 
our people on page 52.
We have committed to reducing Scope 1  
and 2 GHG emissions (market-based) by 
25% by 2030, using a 2020 baseline year
Description Total annual core revenue 
generated across all businesses
Core operating profit Core operating profit after tax 
divided by average invested capital 
(calculated as the average of the 
opening and closing total equity 
plus net debt2)
Percentage of core revenue from new 
business measured over the period.  
New business includes products launched, 
new contracts and new geographies 
Global employee engagement 
and enablement scores
Change in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions using  
a 2020 baseline
Why is it a KPI? This measures our ability to 
maximise value from our current 
product portfolio across our global 
markets and generate revenue  
from new launches
This measures our ability to grow 
revenue and maintain quality 
while delivering efficiencies 
and ensuring cost control
This measures our efficiency in 
allocating capital to businesses 
and projects
This metric measures our ability to extract 
value from our global product pipeline  
and new business opportunities 
Engagement measures people’s pride in 
working for Hikma, their willingness to 
recommend Hikma as an employer and 
their desire to stay long term. Enablement 
measures whether people find their work 
fulfilling and rewarding and whether they 
feel supported to achieve their full potential
We strive to minimise our environmental 
impacts and are committed to making 
our operations more energy efficient 
2025 
performance
Group core revenue grew 6%, 
reflecting good growth for 
Injectables and Branded and a  
solid performance from Hikma Rx
Group core operating profit grew 3% 
as good performances from Branded 
and Hikma Rx were partially offset by 
headwinds faced in Injectables
Continue to generate high  
levels of return
19% of revenue from new business was
a strong performance, exceeding the 
threshold and max targets
We continue to make efforts to achieve our 
target reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions
Link to remuneration R R R
1. Core results are presented to show the underlying performance of the Group, excluding the exceptional items and other adjustments set out in Note 5 in the Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements
2. Net debt includes long and short-term financial debts and lease liabilities, net of cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes acquired contingent liability and contingent  
consideration liability
3. The base year 2020 emissions and energy footprint was adjusted in 2025 to account for the Xellia acquisition of sites in the US and Croatia. More details can be found on page 60
4. For reporting in this Annual Report, we have used data from January to September of 2025 and conducted an uplifting exercise to estimate quantities for October to December 2025 
More information on this methodology can be found on our website
16  17
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

The US generics market is the largest in the world, 
valued at approximately $153 billion in 20246. 
Spending on medicines in the US is projected to 
grow between 5% to 8% annually over the next four 
years to 2029.7 According to the FDA, nine out of ten 
prescriptions filled in the US are for generic drugs8 
yet generics only account for 13% of prescription 
drug spending9.
Losses of exclusivity are expected to accelerate, 
paving the way for more generic and biosimilar 
entrants. The US market has seen significant 
growth in therapies based on glucagon-like 
peptides (i.e. GLP-1) primarily through wider usage 
for obesity and diabetes. Diabetes spending is 
estimated to grow at 1% to 4% compound annual 
growth rate (CAGR) over the next five years.1 The  
US generics market remains competitive. There  
has been a higher number of competitors and  
an acceleration in the FDA’s generic drug approval 
process over the last decade, and the US 
government is focused on lowering drug prices 
through policy changes.1
Pharmaceutical spending in Europe is projected  
to grow by $85 billion to $327 billion by 2029.1  
This increased demand for medicine is driven  
by increasing healthcare demand, ageing 
populations, and increasing uptake of generic 
medicines. Governments are supporting the growth 
in demand for generics partly due to efforts to 
maintain more sustainable healthcare budgets. 
Over the five years to 2029, Europe will see over  
$25 billion in losses of exclusivity, mostly driven  
by small molecules. With shortages increasingly 
prevalent in Europe, the EU is focusing on supply 
security and investment policy initiatives, such  
as the Critical Medicines Act.1 
The MENA pharmaceutical market is expected to 
grow around 7.2% annually over the ten years to 
2035.12 This is underpinned by an ageing 
population, with low and middle-income countries 
experiencing the greatest change in population 
distribution towards older ages.3 This in turn is 
driving increased prevalence of chronic diseases 
across the region, such as cardiovascular diseases, 
diabetes and respiratory diseases.13 
In Saudi Arabia, Hikma’s largest MENA market,  
the pharmaceutical market is forecast to grow at  
a CAGR of 10.8% between 2024 and 2029.14  
The country’s strategy is focused on localising 
pharmaceutical infrastructure and easing the 
market entry of drugs targeting unmet needs.
The US is our largest market, and we remain 
well-placed to capture growth opportunities. We 
are the seventh largest generic company by sales 
(injectable and non-injectable)10 and have four 
operational US manufacturing plants supporting 
our broad portfolio of products. This extensive US 
domestic manufacturing base is a key differentiator 
for us relative to many of our generic peers. 
We have been increasing our capacity and 
capabilities and have committed to $1 billion  
of investment into manufacturing and R&D in  
the US by 2030. Our strong product pipeline  
will ensure we consistently launch new generic, 
complex generic and specialty products. 
We are expanding our presence in Europe. We are 
well-placed to capture opportunities with our short 
supply chain and strong local footprint, with 
manufacturing facilities in Portugal, Italy and 
Germany. We entered the French market in 2022 
and the UK and Spanish markets in 2024. Growth  
in recently entered markets is strong, with France 
more than doubling revenue in 2025. 
We have increased our lyophilisation capacity in 
Italy and have ongoing expansion projects in 
Portugal. We are also leveraging our new R&D 
centre in Zagreb, which will be adding important 
ready to use injectable products to our global 
portfolio. The breadth of portfolio and having our 
own European facilities is allowing us to respond  
to shortages of critical medicines in Europe.11
We have a strong and leading business in the MENA 
region that continues to expand and address new 
opportunities. Hikma’s structure gives us the 
unique ability to leverage our global market 
expertise to address each MENA market as a local 
player. Our local presence in the region for over  
46 years provides us with a deep understanding  
of the complex regulatory environment and allows 
us to benefit from government prioritisation of  
local manufacturers. 
We are now the largest pharmaceutical company in 
the region by sales.15 We are investing in enhancing 
our pipeline and portfolio and launching more 
complex and first-to-market products that are 
tailored to local needs. We continue to capture 
market share in growing therapeutic areas such as 
diabetes and oncology. Our partnerships expand 
our MENA offering and demonstrate our ability to 
bring advanced healthcare solutions to the region.
The global pharmaceutical market is expected to reach 
$2.4 trillion in 2029, growing at between 5% and 8% per 
annum.1 Demographic trends and changing lifestyles are 
leading to evolving healthcare needs, driving demand  
for more affordable healthcare globally.
Strategic response Strategic response Strategic response
59.0%
North America share of Group  
2025 core revenue
8.5%
Europe and ROW share of Group  
2025 core revenue
32.5%
MENA share of Group  
2025 core revenue
Our markets
The US generics 
market remains the 
largest in the world
Demand for generics 
in European markets 
continues to grow 
steadily 
MENA’s healthcare 
trends provide clear 
potential for growth
 Find out more about our approach to 
identify, analyse and evaluate strategic 
and emerging risks on page 82
31 million
annual cases of cancer  
expected by 20504
+35%
projected increase in global 
healthcare spending by 20291
The expected increases in demand 
for healthcare will result in rising 
healthcare costs, increasing  
demand for more affordable 
healthcare solutions.
An ageing population and changing 
lifestyles are contributing to an 
increase in the prevalence of 
cardiovascular disease, diabetes, 
respiratory illnesses and cancer.  
The incidence of cancer, particularly 
in lower-income countries,  
is expected to increase rapidly,  
with an estimated increase of 61%  
to 30.5 million cases by 2050.4
$220 billion
estimated impact of loss of 
exclusivity by 20295 
This will create more opportunities  
for generics and biosimilars to enter 
the market.1
people aged 60 or above 
expected to double by 20503
Scientific advances, an increasingly 
health-conscious society, and 
improved access to healthcare  
are contributing to a rise in life 
expectancy. The proportion of the 
population aged over 60 is expected 
to almost double from 12% in 2015  
to 22% by 2050.3
x22.1 billion
increase in world population 
by the mid-2080s2
Key trends  
shaping the global  
pharmaceutical  
market:
The world’s population is projected 
to reach 10.3 billion in the mid-2080s, 
and with this growth will come 
increased demand for medicine.
1. IQVIA: The Global Use of Medicines 2025: Outlook to 
2029. (www.iqvia.com/-/media/iqvia/pdfs/events/
presentation_global-meds-webinar_public.pdf )
2. United Nations (population.un.org/wpp/assets/Files/
WPP2024_Key-Messages.pdf )
3. WHO: Ageing and health (www.who.int/news-room/
fact-sheets/detail/ageing-and-health)
4. IHME (www.healthdata.org/news-events/newsroom/
news-releases/lancet-cancer-deaths-expected-rise-
over-18-million-2050-increase)
5. www.iqvia.com/insights/the-iqvia-institute/
reports-and-publications/reports/the-global-use-of-
medicines-outlook-through-2029
6. Market Data Forecast: www.marketdataforecast.com/
market-reports/us-generics-market
7. IQVIA: Understanding the Use of Medicines in the U.S. 
2025 (www.iqvia.com/insights/the-iqvia-institute/
reports-and-publications/reports/understanding-the-
use-of-medicines-in-the-us-2025)
8. FDA (www.fda.gov/drugs/buying-using-medicine-safely/
generic-drugs#:~:text=In%20the%20United%20
States%2C%209,to%20healthcare%20for%20more%20
patients)
9. Association for American medicines ( accessiblemeds.
org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/AAM-2024-Generic-
Biosimilar-Medicines-Savings-Report.pdf )
10. IQVIA MAT November 2025. Includes all generic 
injectables and generic non-injectable products
11. Medicines for Europe (www.medicinesforeurope.com/
generic-medicines/ )
12. Pharma Solutions (www.pharmasolutions-int.com/
market-entry-strategies-for-international-pharma-
companies-in-mena/)
13. www.pharmasolutions-int.com/compliance-and-
quality-assurance-in-menas-pharmaceutical-market-a-
comprehensive-guide/#:~:text=Market%20
Size%2C%20Growth%2C%20and%20Future,Saudi%20
Arabia%20and%20the%20UAE
14. IQVIA Market Prognosis 2025-2029, Saudi Arabia
15. Based on internal analysis using data from the following 
source: IQVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for 
Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Morocco, Saudi 
Arabia, Tunisia and UAE, for the period: MAT November 
2025, reflecting estimates of real-world activity. 
Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved
18  19
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Investing in MENA to expand access and drive growth
In the MENA region, where we leverage our 
global expertise locally, Hikma is the largest 
pharmaceutical company by sales. Today, 
we have a broad portfolio of 430 products 
and an extensive pipeline that is supported 
by internal R&D and partnerships. In 2025, 
we launched 40 new products improving 
access to world-class medicines in the 
region. We also introduced non-invasive 
blood-based liquid biopsy technology for 
colorectal cancer screening. Across our 
markets, we are focused on building 
leading positions in key therapy areas such 
as oncology, cardiovascular, diabetes and 
multiple sclerosis, while also introducing 
broader healthcare solutions. 
Capabilities driving success
Our success is built on trusted 
relationships with healthcare professionals, 
pharmacists, hospitals, and regulators 
combined with deep local knowledge.  
With 5,700+ colleagues and 20 
manufacturing plants, we ensure reliable 
supply of medicines across the region. 
Our proven track record makes us the 
partner of choice for global companies that 
operate without a footprint in the region. 
Today, we manage over 110 products  
with around 60 partners who entrust us 
with manufacturing, registering, and 
commercialisation, reflecting confidence in 
Hikma as a trusted healthcare leader in 
MENA. Our R&D hub in Jordan, with two 
specialised centres dedicated to innovative 
product development, further strengthens 
our ability to deliver tailored solutions for 
long-term growth.
Expanding access through partnerships
In 2025, we diversified our partnerships  
to enhance patient access:
 – Celltrion: Expanded biosimilar access 
across MENA
 – pharma&: Exclusive oncology  
licensing agreement
 – M42: Strategic MoU to advance 
diagnostics and digital tools in the UAE
 – DGI Group: Licensing agreement to 
commercialise Claritag®, an OTC skin  
tag removal device
Engaging healthcare professionals
We hosted and sponsored several 
platforms reaching 6,000+ healthcare 
professionals to deepen medical 
knowledge, while engaging patient 
advocacy groups in areas such as multiple 
sclerosis, cardiovascular disease, and 
diabetes. Through our direct-to-consumer 
platform Hiyat Hilweh, we continue to raise 
awareness of prevalent conditions, helping 
patients make better health choices. All our 
events and sponsorships are carefully 
overseen by the compliance function.
 
Hikma is the trusted partner 
of choice in MENA. By 
combining global expertise 
with local capabilities, we 
deliver innovative medicines 
and technologies that 
improve lives and address  
the region’s health challenges.”
Mazen Darwazah
Executive Vice Chairman,  
President of MENA
Our purpose in action
Selected 2025 events: advancing knowledge and raising awareness on healthcare trends and disease management across MENA
Event Therapeutic Area(s) Attendees Purpose/Engagement Focus
7th Annual MENA 
Cancer Forum
Oncology; Haematology 200+ Advance scientific exchange; strengthen regional  
cancer network
4th Biotech Forum Gastroenterology; Rheumatology; 
Dermatology; Oncology
330+ from over 10 
countries in MENA
Foster cross-specialty collaboration; strengthen 
immunology and oncology leadership
PharmaNet 25 Community Healthcare; Pharmacy Practice 170+ Empower pharmacists; strengthen pharmacy engagement
Anti-Infectives 
Summit
Infectious Diseases; Transplant; 
Haematology/Oncology; ICU; Pulmonology
100+ Advance infection-management knowledge;  
raise AMR awareness
Bleeding Management 
Summit 2025
Haematology; Cardiology; 
Anaesthesiology; ICU
100+ Improve bleeding-management practices;  
share best practices
4th Annual GIT 
Universe
Gastroenterology; Internal Medicine 110+ Provide GI and IM updates; enhance scientific writing skills
MS Forum Workshop Multiple Sclerosis 60+ Enhance collaboration between patient society 
representatives, pharmacists and HCPs
CVRM Gate Cardiology; Diabetes 200+ Elevate scientific exchange among HCPs  
to strengthen cardiology and diabetes leadership
MENA Iron  
Academy 2025
Iron Deficiency; Haematology; OB/GYN; 
ICU; Internal Medicine
180+ Improve iron-management practices;  
promote PBM adoption
Algeria Iron Network Iron Deficiency; Patient Blood Management 
(PBM)
500+ Advance iron-deficiency diagnosis and treatment;  
strengthen PBM
MENA Neurology 
Expert Summit
Neurology (MS; Epilepsy; Migraine) 20+ Advance neurology care; align on awareness initiatives
TRIGER Program Health Policy; Health Technology 
Assessment (HTA); Public Health
35 Strengthen regional health policy;  
improve access and efficiency
 1. Based on internal analysis by Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC using data from the following source: IQVIA MIDAS® Monthly Value Sales data for the countries* listed below for the 
period: MAT November 2025, reflecting estimates of real-world activity. Copyright IQVIA. All rights reserved. Countries included in MENA Region – Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, 
Lebanon, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and UAE
 21
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governanceHikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 202520  Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025

Stakeholder engagement
Our vision is of a healthier world that enriches all of our 
communities. For more than 45 years, we have been 
dedicated to transforming people’s lives by providing  
the medicine and support that they need every day.
Healthcare professionals 
and patients 
Our purpose is to put better health within reach, every day for 
healthcare professionals (HCPs) and their patients. We engage 
with doctors, clinicians and pharmacists to better understand 
their needs, helping them treat the patients they serve.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
HCPs and patients need us to:
 – consistently provide a broad portfolio of products
 – improve access to high-quality, affordable medicines
It is essential that we align our commercial activities, operations  
and R&D efforts to the changing needs of patients and HCPs.
How we engage across the Group
 – Our commercial teams meet regularly with healthcare professionals  
to better understand their needs and keep them informed about 
our products
 – In MENA, we run regular forums bringing together key opinion leaders, HCPs 
and global research institutes to share knowledge and raise awareness of 
healthcare trends and disease management
 – We meet with patient advocacy groups for diseases such as multiple sclerosis, 
oncology and diabetes
How we engage at Board level
 – The Compliance, Responsibility and Ethics Committee (CREC) is responsible 
for direct oversight of the Group’s approach to ethical issues associated 
with HCPs and ensure the compliance function is operating effectively
 – Our management teams present to the Board at least once per year, 
providing updates on how we are addressing the needs of patients 
and healthcare providers across our markets
Outcomes and actions
 – Continued to partner with global innovative companies to bring treatments 
and wider healthcare solutions to MENA, including Celltrion for an expanded 
range of biosimilar treatments for the region
 – Through the consumer-focused platform, Hiyat Hilweh, we raise awareness 
for patients on conditions and diseases most prevalent in MENA, including 
hypertension and breast cancer
 – Increased manufacturing capacity for injectables in Europe by expanding our 
lyophilisation capacity in Italy
 – Through our partnership with Bio-Thera in the US, we launched Starjemza™  
a biosimilar referencing Stelara® (ustekinumab) Injection, bringing a more 
affordable option for HCPs and patients
 – Launched Tyzavan® (vancomycin injection, USP) in the US, a critical antibiotic 
used to treat sepsis in hospitals. This room-temperature stable, pre-filled, 
ready to use bag will help hospitals, pharmacists, doctors, and nurses treat 
patients faster, more easily, and with reduced risk
Our purpose of putting better health within 
reach, every day, guides everything we do 
now and into the future. Our teams work 
diligently to stay connected to all of our 
stakeholders, considering their interests and 
communicating with them on a regular basis. 
This helps drive the long-term sustainable 
growth of our business. It also helps us better 
understand their needs and informs our 
day-to-day commercial and operational 
decisions, our long-term investments in our 
business and our people, as well as our 
sustainability framework.
Stakeholders and the Board
The Directors consider their duties to 
stakeholders at each Board meeting, and in 
their capacity as members of the respective 
Board Committees, and are committed to 
promoting the success of the Group for the 
benefit of all its stakeholders. Over the next 
few pages, we set out how we engage with  
our key stakeholders and build issues that  
are important to them into our decision 
making, in accordance with section 172  
of the Companies Act 2006. 
Customers
Our customers are our business partners and we are 
committed to providing them with a consistent and reliable 
supply of high-quality medicines. We work closely with  
Group Purchasing Organisations (GPOs), hospitals, retailers, 
wholesalers and other customers to build strong relationships 
and enhance service levels.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
Customers need us to:
 – offer a broad product portfolio
 – have a consistent and reliable supply of medicines
 – maintain service levels
Our commercial teams work closely with our different customers to understand 
their needs, reduce drug shortages and ensure we invest in the products, 
manufacturing capacity and capabilities needed to meet their requirements.
How we engage across the Group
 – We have commercial, sales and marketing teams dedicated to 
our varied customer groups in North America, MENA, and Europe
 – Our customer discussions inform our pipeline decisions, in an effort  
to bring them the products most in need
How we engage at Board level
 – Commercial leads present to the Board at least once a year providing updates 
on our customer relationships and how we are meeting customer needs
 – As part of its strategic review process, the Board reviews information on  
the generic pharmaceutical customer landscape
 – The Board periodically receives industry updates from leading 
external professional groups
Outcomes and actions
 – Continued to build our portfolio to address specific growing healthcare needs 
and therapeutic areas. In 2025 we had 84 new launches across our markets
 – Worked with our customers to understand their needs and how we can work 
to improve service levels where required
 – Prepared our Columbus, Ohio facility in readiness for our previously 
announced significant long-term contract manufacturing agreement with a 
global pharmaceutical company
 – Continued to invest in domestic US capacity through our refurbishment and 
upgrades to our recently acquired Bedford, Ohio facility which will house 
specialised capabilities such as aseptic bag filling and lyophilisation
 Read more about how we are addressing the 
needs of our stakeholders by:
Investing in R&D to drive high-value pipeline 
delivery, page 9
Investing in manufacturing excellence, page 14
Investing in MENA to expand access and drive 
growth, page 20
Investing in strategic partnerships in the US 
and MENA, page 38
Investing in the development of our people, 
page 56
Patients and healthcare 
professionals
Employees
  refer to Sustainability at Hikma page 52
Customers
Communities and environment
  refer to Sustainability at Hikma page 50
Governments and regulators
Suppliers
Investors
  refer to Investment case page 12
Our stakeholders
22  23
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Stakeholder engagement 
continued
Communities and 
environment
Our vision is to create a healthier world that enriches all our 
communities by developing high-quality medicines and making 
them accessible to those who need them. We are a responsible 
and sustainable company and have a duty of care towards our 
communities and the environment.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
Our communities value our efforts to:
 – improve healthcare quality and access to medicines 
 – strengthen educational infrastructures
 – support local communities and people in need
 – minimise our impact on the environment 
Since its inception, Hikma has been dedicated to transforming people’s lives by 
providing the medicines they need and supporting the communities where we 
live and work. Making positive contributions to the communities where we 
operate, and providing assistance to those in need, supports long-term 
sustainable growth, while positively impacting society.
We also strive to minimise our environmental impacts and are committed to 
making our operations more energy efficient. 
How we engage across the Group
 – We have developed collaborative partnerships and programmes to promote 
positive change and address the needs of our communities. These initiatives 
include increasing access to medicine, supporting education and assisting 
refugees and low-income groups
 – We work internally to progress our understanding of climate-related  
risks and opportunities and are working to achieve our GHG emissions 
reduction target
How we engage at Board level
 – The Board, through the CREC, oversees our sustainability strategy and 
monitors our progress against our ESG-related targets
 – Our Executive Vice Chairman sits on our Access to Medicine Committee, 
which is co-chaired by our Executive Vice President of Corporate 
Development and M&A 
 – Our Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Global Affairs, who 
reports directly to the CEO, oversees our sustainability team, with our VP of 
Sustainability responsible for implementation of the Group sustainability 
strategy. More information on our sustainability efforts can be found on pages 
40 to 64 and on our governance and management of environment, social and 
governance (ESG) issues on page 63
Outcomes and actions
 – Refreshed our Acting Responsibly framework, with input from the CREC
 – Delivered $2.6 million in medicine donations in 2025 (value based on cost 
of goods)
 – Achieved a 16% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions since 2020
 – Prioritised water management in water-stressed locations
 – Donated over 200,000 meals to support food security initiatives 
Employees
Our people have always been at the heart of everything we do. 
As the driving force behind Hikma’s growth and success, 
our people are our most valuable asset.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
Our people need us to:
 – support them and provide development and growth opportunities
 – protect their health and safety
 – foster a diverse and inclusive culture
The passion and commitment of our people to our values is key to delivering our 
purpose and supports our growth plans. One of our key strategic priorities is to 
build a culture that inspires and enables our people, one in which they are 
empowered to drive innovation and are committed to caring for customers, 
patients and communities around the world.
How we engage across the Group
 – We are committed to empowering our people by offering ongoing training  
and diverse learning experiences that are accessible and engaging. Our goal 
is to support career growth and lifelong learning for all our people
 – Our Group-wide principles for ensuring employee health and safety 
are outlined in our Group Environmental, Health and Safety Policy Statement, 
which is available on our website www.hikma.com. We also have local policies 
and procedures in place
 – We conduct people surveys and use this feedback to improve 
our performance and culture
 – We have an active internal communications programme to keep  
colleagues engaged and informed on Group strategy, progress, 
culture, values and sustainability 
How we engage at Board level
 – Laura Balan has Board-level responsibility for employee engagement. She 
undertakes an active programme of engagement each year and reports 
formally to the Board on her findings
 – The Board receives regular reports on engagement activities with employees, 
including people surveys and events or feedback directly given by the EC
 – Board members gave direct input to the content of questions in the 2026 
workforce engagement survey, with an increased focus on culture
Outcomes and actions
 – Maintained open channels of communication through regular all-employee 
updates from leaders, manager-led discussions, and ongoing dialogue 
around organisational changes
 – Introduced a range of wellbeing activities across our sites, including exercise 
and fitness events, sports tournaments, and family connection activities such 
as ‘Open Family Day’ and ‘bring your kids to work’ events
 – Supported career growth, we introduced a more transparent grading 
structure, developed clearer career pathways, expanded leadership 
development opportunities, and formalised a mentoring programme
 – Recognition activities and our Great Place to Work® certifications in 
Egypt and KSA further reinforced pride and belonging across our teams
 – Fairness around opportunity shaped our work on updating the Group 
Inclusion Policy. We refreshed the Talent Acquisition Policy and strengthened 
how we embed inclusion into hiring, progression, communication, 
and development
Hikma is committed to operating and acting in 
the best interests of all of our stakeholders.”
24  25
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Stakeholder engagement 
continued
Government and regulators
Our industry is highly regulated and we must operate 
in accordance with a wide range of industry and government 
policies and regulations, including those of the US FDA,  
the European Medicines Agency (EMA), MENA health 
authorities and other regulatory agencies across our markets.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
Our regulators expect us to:
 – adhere to regulatory requirements
 – maintain high-quality manufacturing facilities
 – provide safe and effective medicines
Quality is in everything we do and has been since our inception. We need  
to ensure that our quality systems operate in full compliance with the 
requirements of international agencies as well as domestic regulatory bodies.
How we engage across the Group
 – We have strong internal pharmacovigilance, regulatory and quality teams  
who ensure our quality systems operate in full compliance with the regulatory 
requirements of the FDA, the EMA, MENA health authorities and other 
regulatory agencies across our markets
 – We work closely with local governments and regulatory bodies to ensure 
current and proposed regulations and policies support patients’ needs  
and our operations
How we engage at Board level
 – The Board receives regular reports on relations with regulators, particularly 
from a manufacturing quality and product approval perspective, and receives 
an update on legal matters at each meeting
 – The Board oversees the Group’s risk programme and receives reports  
on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering product 
quality and safety and legal, regulatory and intellectual property
Outcomes and actions
 – Continued to engage in shaping US generic pharmaceutical policies and 
legislation as a member of the Association of Accessible Medicines (AAM) 
trade association
 – Engaged with US elected officials and policymakers to help educate key 
members of Congress and their staff about Hikma’s position as one of the 
largest US generic medicine providers, our strong and growing US 
manufacturing capabilities, our broad portfolio of essential medicines and 
our ability to help solve domestic drug shortages. Our goal is to develop and 
maintain supportive relationships with those who are developing and 
enacting legislation that strengthens the US supply of high-quality generic 
medicines, including those we produce
 – In June 2025 we hosted key US government representatives at our Columbus, 
Ohio site for a groundbreaking event to highlight the investment being made 
by Hikma in domestic manufacturing
 – Regularly meet with governing bodies and industry regulators in MENA to 
understand the unmet healthcare needs in key markets and ensure our 
product portfolio addresses them
Suppliers
We have an extensive global network of suppliers who provide 
us with the goods and services needed for us to deliver our 
medicines. We actively engage with our suppliers to ensure 
the social, ethical and environmental standards we require 
are upheld.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do we  
expect from them?
We want our suppliers to:
 – uphold high ethical standards
 – operate in a responsible and sustainable manner
 – work collaboratively to build strong relationships
Our suppliers are critical to our business, and their products and expertise 
support us in the delivery of high-quality medicines to patients around the 
world. Working together and building strong relationships not only enables  
us to deliver on our purpose but it also ensures we have a sustainable and 
resilient supply chain.
Operating responsibly and ethically is vital to our long-term success,  
and we work with our suppliers to ensure the social and ethical standards  
we require are upheld.
How we engage across the Group
 – We conduct quality audits, in line with our Group audit policy and regulatory 
requirements, prior to on-boarding new API suppliers and on a regular basis 
for our current supplier base
 – We reinforce our local sourcing and procurement presence in our key supplier 
markets to secure preferred access to capacity, innovation and pricing
 – We share our Supplier Code of Conduct (CoC) through our supplier 
onboarding process, which sets out the standards we expect from all  
our suppliers, including fundamental principles on human rights, modern 
slavery and our sustainability expectations 
 – We conduct initial and ongoing due diligence to assess third-party risks  
and run sustainability assessments through IQ+Vitals and our Hikma 
sustainability questionnaire, and regularly work with our suppliers to  
improve their sustainability maturity levels
 – We engage with our suppliers to understand their commitments and  
efforts to reduce GHG emissions as well as the future impact on our  
Scope 3 emissions
How we engage at Board level
 – The Board receives updates on supplier issues as part of its review  
of operational matters
 – The Board oversees the Group’s risk programme and receives reports 
on relevant issues, which include specific principal risks covering API  
and third-party risk management, and ethics and compliance
 – The CREC is responsible for direct oversight of the Group’s approach  
to ethical issues associated with suppliers
Outcomes and actions
 – Introduced IQ+Vitals, a tool to enhance our ability to assess a large volume  
of suppliers efficiently, enabling us to assess suppliers who cover nearly  
75% of our annual procurement spend
 – Continued to refine the quality of our emissions measurements and  
engage with our suppliers to better understand their commitments  
to emission reductions
 – Maintained a dedicated process to identify suppliers at risk of modern 
slavery, following the creation of a specialised task force 
 – Embraced automation in the Supplier CoC acknowledgment process, 
ensuring that our expectations are clearly communicated and understood 
before commencing collaboration
Investors
We maintain regular contact with investors to ensure  
they have a thorough understanding of our business.  
Our investors are largely global institutions and include  
both equity and debt holders.
Why is it important to engage with this group and what do they 
expect from us?
Our investors want us to:
 – deliver sustainable long-term value
 – effectively communicate our long-term strategy, financial and operational 
performance and growth drivers
 – meet industry and global standards for good ESG practices
We ensure our investors have an in-depth understanding of our operations, 
financial performance, growth drivers and ESG efforts. The Board receives 
regular updates and feedback on these activities. This helps ensure that the 
views of our investors are considered in the Board’s decision-making.
How we engage across the Group
 – We maintain regular contact with our shareholders through a comprehensive 
investor relations (IR) programme of conferences, roadshows, meetings  
and site visits
 – We maintain regular dialogue with our debt holders and rating agencies
 – We communicate our strategy and financial performance through  
regular financial reporting and investor events, such as the Annual  
General Meeting (AGM)
 – A targeted external communications programme ensures we are informing 
key audiences on our strategic progress and impact on our communities
How we engage at Board level
 – The Board receives regular updates on the IR programme, including investor 
feedback from the AGM, IR meetings and investor perception studies
 – The Executive Directors are informed of and participate in investor 
engagement activities on a regular basis
 – The Non-Executive Directors make themselves available to meet with 
investors as required in the conduct of their responsibilities (eg as Chair  
of a committee) and are available to shareholders at the AGM to answer 
related questions
Outcomes and actions
 – Maintained regular contact with our analysts and investors to give business 
updates. We met with over 190 investors in over 250 meetings in 2025
 – Hosted a site visit for sell-side analysts and investors at our manufacturing 
facility in Columbus Ohio, US, providing a deep dive into our Hikma Rx  
and Injectables businesses and the opportunity to meet with the US 
leadership team 
 – Provided EC and Board members with third-party perception studies 
to gauge investor sentiment
 – Successfully refinanced our $500m Eurobond, with an improved credit rating 
of BBB from BBB- under Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings, providing 
confidence to investors in Hikma’s financial health
 – Engaged in multiple investor conferences and a series of fireside chats with 
senior management and analysts to increase visibility and transparency
Operating responsibly and 
ethically is vital to our long-term 
success, and we work with our 
suppliers to ensure the social  
and ethical standards we  
require are upheld.”
26  27
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

Business and financial review
A year of continued progress, with growth  
across all three geographies.
Khalid Nabilsi
Chief Financial Officer
Our teams worked hard 
throughout the year, launching 
products, signing partnerships 
and leveraging our base 
business to deliver growth.”
Reported results (statutory)
 2025 
$ million
2024
$ million Change
Constant
currency1
change
Revenue 3,349 3,127 7% 6%
Operating profit 542 612 (11)% (12)%
Profit attributable  
to shareholders 402 359 12% 13%
Cashflow from  
operating activities 436 564 (23)%  
Basic earnings per share 
(cents) 182 162 12% 13%
Total dividend per share 
(cents) 84 80 5%
Core results2 (underlying)
 2025 
$ million
2024 
$ million Change
Constant 
currency1
 change
Core revenue 3,349 3,156 6% 5%
Core operating profit 741 719 3% 3%
Core EBITDA3 853 824 4% 3%
Core profit attributable  
to shareholders 503 495 2% 2%
Core basic earnings per share 
(cents) 228 224 2% 2%
Financial performance 
Group core revenue growth of 6% to $3,349 million 
 – Group core revenue up 6%. Reported Group revenue up 7% 
 – Injectables core revenue up 7% (reported revenue up 9%), 
Branded core revenue up 10% (reported revenue up 10%)  
and Hikma Rx core revenue flat (reported revenue up 1%)
 – Growth in all three geographies – North America, MENA  
and Europe
Group core operating profit growth of 3% to  
$741 million at a margin of 22.1% (2024: 22.8%) 
 – Group reported operating profit down 11%, primarily reflecting the 
impact of a legal settlement
 – Injectables core operating profit down 6% with margin of 31.0% 
(2024: 35.3%) 
 – Branded core operating profit up 19% with margin of 26.4%  
(2024: 24.6%)
 – Hikma Rx core operating profit up 5% with margin of 17.3%  
(2024: 16.4%)
Cashflow from operating activities of $436 million 
(2024: $564 million)
 – Excluding $186 million4 in connection with one-off legal 
settlements, cashflow from operating activities increased by 10%
Robust balance sheet and high returns 
 – Leverage at 1.6x net debt5 to core EBITDA (31 December 2024: 1.4x)
 – Return on average invested capital of 16.0%6
 – Total dividend of 84 cents per share, up 5%
 – Upgraded to BBB by S&P and Fitch and successfully refinanced 
our $500 million Eurobond
Strategic progress 
 – Launched 84 products across our markets
 – Launched Tyzavan® in the US – an IP protected, room 
temperature stable, ready-to-use vancomycin bag – used  
for critical sepsis treatment in hospitals
 – Received approval for and launched our first biosimilar product  
in the US – ustekinumab 
 – Double-digit growth for Europe Injectables, driven  
by both established and new markets 
 – Continued successful roll out of palbociclib tablets and 
dapagliflozin tablets in MENA, enhancing our strength  
in oncology and diabetes treatments, respectively
 – Signed 14 deals in MENA during 2025, with 43 deals signed with  
29 partners since 2023
 – Announced expanded partnership with Celltrion in MENA for  
an additional six biosimilars
2026 Group outlook  
 – Group revenue growth in the range of 2% to 4%
 – Group core operating profit in the range of $720 million to  
$770 million
2025 financial performance
 
Group
Group core revenue was up 6% reflecting good growth in Injectables 
and Branded, while Hikma Rx delivered revenue in line with 2024,  
as expected. Group reported revenue was up 7%. 
Group core gross profit grew 1% and core gross margin was 43.5%  
as strong margin performance in Hikma Rx and Branded was offset  
by the reduced Injectables margin.
Group core operating expenses were $716 million (2024: $729 million). 
Group reported operating expenses were $899 million (2024:  
$803 million). 
Group core selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were 
flat at $566 million (2024: $568 million), reflecting growth in the 
business, offset by a reduction in Hikma Rx sales and marketing spend. 
Reported SG&A expenses were $743 million (2024: $671 million). 
Reported research and development (R&D) expenses were $151 million 
(2024: $141 million), representing 4.5% of Group core revenue  
(2024: 4.5%). Growth was lower than originally planned due to delays 
in project starts, particularly in Injectables. The Group has a strong 
focus on R&D and aspires to spend around 5% to 6% of revenue  
on R&D going forward.
Core other net operating income was $2 million (2024: $18 million 
expense). Reported other net operating expense was $4 million (2024: 
$11 million income). The change is in part due to reduced foreign 
exchange losses.
Group core operating profit increased by 3%. Group reported 
operating profit was down 11%, primarily reflecting the impact  
of the legal settlement related to sodium oxybate. 
1. Constant currency changes are derived after reported 2025 numbers are translated 
using 2024 exchange rates, excluding price increases in the business resulting from the 
devaluation of currencies 
2. Core results throughout the document are presented to show the underlying 
performance of the Group, excluding exceptional items and other adjustments set out in 
Note 5 of the Group consolidated financial statements. Core results are a non-IFRS 
measure. See page 37 for a reconciliation to reported IFRS results
3. Core EBITDA is core operating profit before depreciation and software amortisation
4.  Of the $186 million, $111 million was placed into restricted cash at 31 December 2025 and 
paid in January 2026 (refer to Notes 8 and 13)
5. Group net debt is calculated as Group total debt less Group total cash. Group net debt is 
a non-IFRS measure that includes short- and long-term financial debts (Notes 9 and 11), 
lease liabilities, net of cash and cash equivalents. See page 37 for a reconciliation of 
Group net debt 
6. Refer to page 37 for reconciliation 
28  29
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC |  Annual Report 2025
Strategic report Financial statementsCorporate governance

2024
2025
$1,324m
$1,423m
2024
2025
35.3%
31.0%
We supply hospitals across our markets with generic and 
specialty injectable products, supported by our manufacturing 
facilities in the US, Europe and MENA.
Injectables
2025
$ million
2024
$ million Change
Constant 
currency
 change
Revenue 1,423 1,306 9% 8%
Core revenue 1,423 1,324 7% 7%
Gross profit 649 668 (3)% (4)%
Gross margin 45.6% 51.1%  (5.5)pp (5.5)pp
Core gross profit 665 690 (4)% (4)%
Core gross margin 46.7% 52.1%  (5.4)pp (5.3)pp
Operating profit 367 371 (1)% 0%
Operating margin 25.8% 28.4%  (2.6)pp (2.1)pp
Core operating profit 441 468 (6)% (5)%
Core operating margin 31.0% 35.3%  (4.3)pp (3.8)pp
Injectables core revenue grew 7% in 2025, 
benefiting from our broad portfolio across 
the three geographies, contribution from  
the Xellia acquisition and recent launches. 
Injectables reported revenue grew 9%.
North America sales were up 5%. While we 
saw competition on certain larger products, 
this was more than offset by the contribution 
from the products acquired in the Xellia 
acquisition1, as well as new launches. 
In Europe and Rest of World (ROW) sales 
grew 23%. We delivered good growth across 
all our established and recently entered 
markets. Our own products grew 30%,  
driven by our expanding portfolio and ability 
to address market shortages. 
In MENA, sales grew 9%, supported by  
the breadth of the portfolio and a strong 
performance from certain products in  
our biosimilar portfolio.
Injectables core gross profit was down 4% 
and core gross margin contracted to 46.7% 
due to product and geographic mix and 
increased inventory provisions. Injectables 
reported gross profit declined 3% with a 
gross margin of 45.6%. A decline in sales of 
certain high-value products in the US was 
offset by lower-margin sales of third-party 
manufactured products and good progress  
in MENA, where margins are lower. 
Injectables core operating profit was down 
6% and core operating margin was 31.0%. 
This reflects the change in gross profit and 
higher foreign exchange related costs due to 
the strength of the Euro versus the US dollar. 
Injectables reported operating profit was flat, 
with an operating margin of 25.8%. While 
Injectables has a global supply chain, 
including products imported from China  
to the US which are subject to tariffs, this  
only had a minor impact on profit in 2025  
of c.$3 million.
Outlook for 2026
In 2026 we expect Injectables revenue  
to grow in the low single digits. We expect 
core operating margin to be in the range of 
27% to 28%.
Good revenue growth 
while profitability was 
impacted by product 
and geographic mix.”
 Hi

[truncated]