BETA Close X Genuit Group plc announced that on May 26, 2026, CEO Joe Vorih exercised nil-cost options for 22,764 ordinary shares, retaining 195,654 shares after tax, and CFO Tim Pullen exercised nil-cost options for 3,965 ordinary shares, retaining 20,308 shares after tax. Both awards were granted under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan on April 8, 2024, and vested on April 8, 2026. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 29 May 2026 Genuit Group plc (the "Company") The Company announces that on 26 May 2026, Joe Vorih, Chief Executive Officer and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Tim Pullen, Chief Financial Officer and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, exercised the following nil-cost options: 1. Joe Vorih exercised over a total of 22,764 ordinary shares ("Shares") (comprising 21,452 Shares granted under the Award and 1,312 Shares awarded at vesting in lieu of dividends paid during the vesting period) in accordance with the Deferred Share Bonus Plan Award granted to him on 8 April 2024, which vested on 8 April 2026. Mr. Vorih sold sufficient Shares to cover the appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities due on exercise; and 2. Tim Pullen exercised over a total of 3,965 Shares (comprising 3,738 Shares granted under the Award and 227 Shares awarded at vesting in lieu of dividends paid during the vesting period) in accordance with the Deferred Share Bonus Plan Award granted to him on 8 April 2024, which vested on 8 April 2026. Mr. Pullen sold sufficient Shares to cover the appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities due on exercise. Mr. Vorih now holds a total of 195,654 Shares, and Mr. Pullen holds a total of 20,308 Shares. The notifications below, which have been made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Joe Vorih 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer and PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Genuit Group plc b) LEI 2138005IF1N2RKJ6KO18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Genuit Group plc GB00BKRC5K31 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares for no consideration pursuant to the exercise of nil-cost options under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP") award granted on 8 April 2024. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 12,102 - Number of Shares acquired under the DSBP after reduction for appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities. d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Pullen 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer and PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Genuit Group plc b) LEI 2138005IF1N2RKJ6KO18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Genuit Group plc GB00BKRC5K31 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares for no consideration pursuant to the exercise of nil-cost options under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP") award granted on 8 April 2024. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 2,108 - Number of Shares acquired under the DSBP after reduction for appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities. d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue Enquiries: Colette Thompson, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315 315 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 2 hours ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and