BETA Close X Avon Technologies Plc announced that its subsidiary, Team Wendy Ceradyne, has received a $20.3 million delivery order from the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency under the ACH GEN II framework contract, fulfilling the maximum volume for the current option year. This significant order underscores the customer's confidence in Team Wendy's performance and reliability in manufacturing and delivering ACH Gen II helmets on schedule, reinforcing a long-term relationship and highlighting the company's operational progress. Disclaimer* Avon Technologies Plc 02 September 2026 For Immediate Release 2 September 2026 AVON TECHNOLOGIES PLC ("Avon" or the "Group") $20.3M ACH GEN II DELIVERY ORDER Avon Technologies plc is pleased to confirm that Team Wendy Ceradyne has received a further delivery order worth $20.3 million from the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency ("DLA") under the second-generation Advanced Combat Helmet ("ACH GEN II") framework contract originally announced in February 2022. This order fulfils the maximum volume authorized for the current option year. Jos Sclater, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "This additional delivery order is another strong endorsement of Team Wendy's performance and reliability. Bringing the current option year to its maximum ordering volume demonstrates the confidence DLA has in our ability to manufacture and deliver ACH Gen II helmets to schedule. We remain focused on supporting the warfighter and delivering for our customer. This award helps cement our continued, long-term relationship with the customer on ACH in the coming years and reflects the progress Team Wendy has made in operational performance, execution and reliability." For further enquiries, please contact: Avon Technologies plc Jos Sclater, Chief Executive Officer Rich Cashin, Chief Financial Officer investor.relations@avon-technologiesplc.com Gabriella Colley, Corporate Affairs Director +44 7891 206 239 Sodali & Co Pete Lambie avontechnologies@sodali.com Tilly Abraham +44 7855 432 699 About Avon Technologies plc: Avon Technologies is a Military and Law Enforcement protective equipment specialist. Our products are trusted to protect over 4 million service personnel and first responders in over 70 markets around the world. Driven by a culture of continuous improvement, we empower every individual in our organisation to identify opportunities and implement meaningful change. This commitment fuels our innovation and ensures we're constantly advancing our mission: to provide unparalleled protection for those who protect us. Our business is structured around two Strategic Business Units: · Avon Protection - a leading provider of advanced respiratory and integrated protective systems. · Team Wendy - a specialist in high-performance ballistic and impact protection helmet systems. For further information, please visit our website www.avon-technologiesplc.com Legal Entity Identifier: 213800JM1AN62REBWA71 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Avon Technologies plc (AVON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago Greatland Gold 1 hour ago Audioboom Group 14 hours ago Legal & General Group 16 hours ago Senior 16 hours ago Helios Underwriting All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and