BETA Close X Genuit Group plc has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 2,000,000 ordinary shares of £0.001 each, expected to be effective on 15 April 2026. These shares will be issued to satisfy awards under various employee incentive plans, including the 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan, 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan, 2024 Sharesave Scheme, and the 2020 International Sharesave Plan. The new shares will be fully paid and rank equally with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 10 April 2026 Genuit Group plc Block Listing Application Genuit Group plc (the "Company") announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for a total of 2,000,000 ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the Company, to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. These shares will be allotted from time to time to satisfy awards granted in accordance with the Genuit Group plc 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan, the Genuit Group plc 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan, the Genuit Group plc 2024 Sharesave Scheme and the Genuit Group plc 2020 International Sharesave Plan. Admission is expected to become effective on 15 April 2026. The shares will be issued fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing issued ordinary shares of the Company. Enquiries: Emma Versluys Group General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315315 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and