report online:

Polypipe Group plc

mE

‘A86NU!
31/05/2019 #135
COMPANIES HOUSE

A

Annual Report and Accounts

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Stock Code: PLP

2 Polypipe

— WELCOME

CONTENTS Polypipe helps professionals create sustainable,
OUR BUSINESS OVERVIEW engineered water management and climate

What We Do 01 management solutions for the built environment.
Investment Proposition 02

We are one of Europe's largest and most innovative
manufacturers of piping, underfloor heating
and energy-efficient ventilation.

Highlights 03

OUR STRATEGIC REPORT

Polypipe at a Glance 06 Polypipe has an established market position.
Chairman’s Introduction 08 .
Polypipe’s Marketplace 10 Our operations span the residential, commercial,
Polypipe’s Business Model 14 civils and infrastructure, and public non-housing sectors
Polypipe’s Value Creation Model 16 in the UK and selected markets around the world.
Strategy 18
Strategy in Action 21 Polypipe constantly innovates, researches
Key Performance Indicators 22 and develops. This provides a unique
Our Sustainable Journey 24 . . .
Our Sustainable Journey in Action 77 position for the Group, enabling Polypipe
Chief Executive Officer's Review 32 to offer solutions that help deal with
Chief Financial Officer's Report 36 the pressures placed on urban
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 42 .
Supporting Our Sustainable Journey 50 environments, existing infrastructure
and natural resources.
OUR GOVERNANCE
Directors and Officers 56
Introduction from the Chairman 58
Corporate Governance Statement 59
Stakeholder Engagement 67
Nomination Committee 68
Audit Committee 70
Directors’ Report 74
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 79

OUR REMUNERATION
Annual Statement from the Chair

of the Remuneration Committee 82
Remuneration Policy 84
Remuneration Committee 94
Annual Report on Remuneration 95

OUR FINANCIALS

Independent Auditor's Report 106
Group Income Statement 114
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 115
Group Balance Sheet 116
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 117
Group Cash Flow Statement 118
Notes to the Group Financial Statements 119
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 157
Company Balance Sheet 158
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 159
Company Cash Flow Statement 160

Notes to the Company Financial Statements 161
Shareholder Information 167

WHAT WE DO

Polypipe develops engineered solutions for construction projects, including some
of the most prestigious buildings and infrastructure schemes. ,

Placing the management of water and the healthy Polypipe’s focus on the management and movement of water and
ventilation of buildings at the heart of its strategy, air has influenced the development of Polypipe's range of systems,
enabling the Group to offer products and systems that help to.
contribute to a safer, healthier, and more sustainable built

of the most pressing environmental challenges environment and to help respond to the trends of global warming
in these construction projects. and increased urbanisation.

Polypipe is able to provide solutions to some

Polypipe’s staff, at all levels, have a clear understanding of the
Group's mission to lead the way in the development of
future-proof plumbing, drainage and ventilation systems
that make use of modern sustainable materials and best
practices in engineering, manufacturing and construction.

OUR PURPOSE OUR VISION
Our purpose is to propose solutions to the challenges To be the leading provider of sustainable water and climate
caused by climate change and urbanisation that relate management solutions for the built environment.

to the management of water and air.

OUR MISSION OUR VALUES

Polypipe’s mission is to lead the way in the development TRUST. SUPPORT. EXPERIENCE. INNOVATION.

of future-proof plumbing, drainage and ventilation systems Polypipe stands by these words as a philosophy, constantly
that make use of modern sustainable materials and best exploring new ways to help the industry succeed

practices in engineering, manufacturing and construction

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
POLYPIPE GROUP PLC 01

— INVESTMENT

PROPOSITION

MARKET LEADERS

Polypipe enjoys a position
of market leader in the
UK, where the Group is
the largest plastic piping
systems manufacturer (by
sales volume) and largest light commercial
ventilation producer. It also has a broad
product offer to underpin and complement
this market position. Polypipe has balanced
exposure to all major sectors of the UK
construction market.

Read more in At a Glance and
‘Marketplace on pages 06 and 10

INVESTMENT AND
SCALE

Polypipe continues

to invest in order to
maintain and develop

its position as a leader

in the management and movement of

air and water. This investment in new
automation technology and scale provides
both operational efficiency and considerable
economic reach to serve the broadest range
of customers.

(o) Read more in Business
Ay Model on pages 14 and 15

SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS
MODEL WITH BARRIERS
TO ENTRY

Through the business
model, Polypipe leverages
its investment, scale and
expertise. Investment in process efficiency
and automation delivers continuous
improvement in operational productivity
and allows our workforce to develop new
skills and knowledge, which in turn provide
barriers to entry and protect our market
position versus competition. The value
creation model results from the continuous
development of our business model. In
particular, value-added products and
engineered solutions help to ensure that the
Group maintains leadership in its markets
ahead of emerging legislation and ahead of
the competition.

Read more in Business
‘Model on pages 14 and 15

DIFFERENTIATED
SOLUTIONS

Based around a core

offer of plastic piping,

supported by complete

engineered system design,
incorporating in-house manufactured fittings
and ancillaries that are patent protected
where possible, Polypipe is uniquely placed
to offer differentiated total solutions for
water and air management.

Read more in Value Creation
‘Model on pages 16 and 17

SIGNIFICANT
STRUCTURAL GROWTH
OPPORTUNITIES

Polypipe is able to
pursue significant
growth opportunities
by developing effective solutions ahead
of new and emerging legislation,
in addition to providing customers with
a high-performance alternative to pipes
manufactured from legacy materials
such as clay, copper and concrete in
each of the sectors the Group serves.
in this way, Polypipe’s sales growth has
consistently outperformed the construction
market. There are also significant growth
opportunities overseas, as well as regulatory
tailwinds from UK water and climate
legislation,

Q Read more in Marketplace
Axo" pages 10 and 11

A

STRONG AND
RESILIENT FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

Polypipe’s focus on

value addition through
engineered solutions, its
above-market growth and
its commitment to investment leverages an
existing operational footprint to generate
incremental profitability, which allows
Polypipe to deliver a strong and resilient
financial performance.

Q Read more in the CFO's Report
Ayo" pages 36 to 41

SUSTAINABLE
SOLUTIONS

DP) eres
providing solutions
hat enable resilience in
the built environment,
by helping to protect against effects of
extreme weather and climate change, and as
such provide long-term value for customers
and the wider society. This is an inherent
part of the Group’s long-term success and
forms an instrumental element of both our
purpose and our vision.

Read more in Our Sustainable
Journey on pages 24 to 31

Read more online at
https://investors.polypipe.com/

HIGHLIGHTS

Financial Highlights Operational Highlights

REVENUE © _UK revenue growth ahead of industry benchmark at 5.9%
F5 2 % relative to Construction Products Association winter forecast
° decline of 0.2% for 2018

2018 £433.2m © Residential Systems revenue 9.8% higher and 8.5% higher on

a like-for-like basis with strong growth in housebuilding sector
12017

.© Commercial and Infrastructure revenues declined 0.2% for the
year but a strong second-half performance of 6.7% growth
(of which 5.3% was on a like-for-like basis) benefitted from
F1.9% successful product launches and new road projects gaining
momentum

UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT

£74,.0m

3
e
°

Price increases successfully passed through to mitigate
cost inflation

2017 ezzem)

© second-half acquisitions ~ Permavoid and Manthorpe

PROFIT BEFORE TAX performing in line with our expectations and integration

74.7% progressing well

France disposal completed in March 2018

2018 £58.2m Alternative manufacturing strategy delivered in the Middle East

Recycled plastic represents an improved 40.2% of the Group's

2017 overall plastic usage (2017: 34.0%)

|

OPERATING CASH FLOW AFTER NET CAPEX*

2018 £71,2m

12017

=>
N
Ww
>
eS

UNDERLYING BASIC EPS FROM.
CONTINUING OPERATIONS

F4A%

2018 28.4pps

2017

* Before non-undertying items

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
POLYPIPE GROUP PLC

—— CASE

STUDY

Location:
University Arms Hotel,
Cambridge

The Project

Heat recovery at the University Arms Hotel.
Retrofitting a full heat recovery system presented
a complex range of challenges.

The University Arms Hotel in Cambridge opened in 1834 as the city’s
first hotel. Since then, it has undergone extensive redevelopments

in 1891, 1900, 1925 and, finally, in the 1960s, when the original
Regency section along Regent Street was demolished and replaced
with a discordant structure typical of the period.

The hotel has now reopened after an £80m transformation, which
combined a complex heat recovery retrofit with a sympathetic
restoration scheme. The redevelopment is 2 collaboration between
architect John Simpson — who oversaw the replacement of the 1960s
extension - and interior designer Martin Brudnizki. The process of
designing the ventilation strategy for the hotel began in 2013 and
the final design was completed by Johns Slater & Haward engineer
Colin Bowen in 2016.

The overriding intention of the Mechanical and Electrical (M&E)
design was to make significant improvements to the energy
efficiency of the existing building fabric ~ a challenge considering
much of the original facade and floor levels had been retained
The importance of indoor air quality in delivering high levels of
‘occupant comfort, including a good night's sleep, led the design
team to introduce mechanical supply and extract ventilation with
heat recovery to every bedroom.

Retrofitting a full heat recovery system presented a complex range
of challenges. Getting ductwork to 192 bedrooms through limited
Ceiling voids across levels that do not line up laterally, and down
risers that do not stack vertically, was complicated enough, but
connecting the refrigerant pipework to 192 fan coil units and the
usual water system pipework made complicated seem impossible.
Bowen opted for a central plant solution and turned to Nuaire for
help in designing the air handling units (AHUs).

Every dimension on the roof was constrained. In plan view, the
available roof space was restricted to a small plant area above the
new-build section, with much of the early roofline protected by
planning, including the iconic copper turrets

Consultant: Colin Bowen, Johns Slater & Haward

Main Contractor: RG Carter Projects

The height dimension was equally pressured as the new roofline is
visible from Parker's Piece, Cambridge's historic park, and planning
restricted the visibility of plant equipment

Two bespoke AHUs, serving a total of 4.4m3.s-1 of fresh filtered air
to the bedrooms, split west and east, were used. Thermal wheels
were used to provide the heat recovery mechanism, and purge
sectors were applied to prevent cross-contamination of exhaust air
onto the supply. The design team worked in millimetre intervals to
squeeze the maximum air volume out of each AHU, the largest of
which has a supply and extract rate of 2.9m3.s-1 with a unit height
of just 2,222mm

Johns Slater & Haward designed

an innovative ductwork solution

to avoid ‘crossovers’, protecting

the corridor ceiling heights, an
architecturally stunning feature.
Splitting the supply air into two
smaller ducts running either side of
a larger central extract duct allowed
the extract connections to pass over
the supply, eliminating the need

to cross large ducts. This unlocked
many other engineering challenges,
allowing the design team to think laterally. By separating ventilation
ducts and other services onto alternating floors, space was created
for the water pipes and refrigerant connections.

“Getting ductwork
to 192 bedrooms
through limited
ceiling voids across
levels that do not
line up laterally, and
down risers that did
not stack vertically,
was complicated.”

A void containing air conditioning pipes and wet services on one
floor, serving ‘above and below’, meant the next floor up had a free
void for ventilation ducts, again serving the upper and lower levels.
This pattern was repeated on the next two storeys creating alternate
layers of vent ducts or pipes. The challenge with any central plant
solution - especially one as complicated as this ~ is routing and
concealing the large distribution ducts serving the many risers.

The decision was taken to raise the existing roof level to the highly
sensitive Parker's Piece elevation to accommodate the lateral run.
This move, coupled with the compact unit design, helped conceal
all plant services from sight, and preserve the visual detail of the
eastern facade

“Cambridge's University Arms Hotel
refurbishment had to accommodate a complex
heat recovery system on a constrained site with

strict planning restrictions.”
— Andrew Bott, Regional Sales Engineer at Nuaire

OUR STRATEGIC REPORT

Contents

POLYPIPE AT A GLANCE 06
CHAIRMAN’S INTRODUCTION 08
POLYPIPE'S MARKETPLACE 10
POLYPIPE’S BUSINESS MODEL 14
POLYPIPE’S VALUE CREATION MODEL 16
STRATEGY 18
STRATEGY IN ACTION 2
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 22
OUR SUSTAINABLE JOURNEY 24

OUR SUSTAINABLE JOURNEY INACTION = 27,

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW 32

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER'S REPORT 36

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 42

SUPPORTING OUR SUSTAINABLE JOURNEY 50

—— POLYPIPE
AT A GLANCE

Placing the management of water and the
healthy ventilation of buildings at the heart of
its strategy, Polypipe is able to provide solutions
to some of the most pressing environmental
challenges in construction projects.

Polypipe’s focus on the management and movement of water and
air has influenced the development of Polypipe’s range of systems,

enabling the Group to offer products and systems that help to
contribute to a safer, healthier, and more resilient built environment.

By investing in its facilities, staff and product development, Polypipe
is uniquely placed to help an increasingly broad customer base tackle
the many complex questions that the trends of climate change and
urbanisation pose. This approach sees Polypipe continue to maintain
its position as an industry leader within the built environment and
construction sectors in the UK and beyond. .

Our divisions

We operate through our two divisions:
Residential Systems Commercial and Infrastructure Systems

REVENUE REVENUE

£245.3m £187.9m

UNDERLYING UNDERLYING
OPERATING PROFIT OPERATING PROFIT

£46.3m £27.7m

AREAS OF APPLICATION AREAS OF APPLICATION
© Above and below- © Mechanical Ventilation © Above-ground drainage © Air Handling Units
ground drainage with Heat Recovery © Surfacewater drainage © Ventilation solutions
© Stormwater drainage © Positive Input Ventilation © Stormwater drainage with heat recovery
© Sewer drain © Indoor air quality © Land drainage and © Indoor air quality
© Water supply solutions irrigation solutions
© Plumbing and © Roofline finishing and © Sewer drainage © Smart controls
heating supply accessories © Ducting and conduit integrated with Building
© Underfloor heating © Air leakage prevention © Pressure systems Management Systems
systems products © Green infrastructure

© Smart controls
© Conservation products

Merchandised, pre-
packaged components Read more on our divisions in
Ay Marketplace on pages 10 and 11

°

Market-leading position

We invest in our manufacturing base in order to maintain our
market-leading position. At Polypipe we have 18 locations:
14 in the UK, one in Italy, one in the Netherlands and two in
the Middle East. There are additional overseas opportunities
that we are considering, in line with our strategic objective
focused on geographic reach.

OUR STRATEGIC REPORT

We will continue to develop our exports and geographic reach
~ our solutions respond to challenges that are global in nature.

We will achieve this by leveraging our skills, technical knowledge
and intellectual property across a wider market reach. This will be
focused on the right sectors of the market where we believe we can
make acceptable returns.

Acquisitions —

Our acquisitions support our market-leading position by filling product gaps, enhancing our current
solutions offer and by opening opportunities for extending our geographic reach. In 2018, Polypipe

has acquired:

permavoid

cmauinwartue —_Permavoid Limited is a specialist designer and
supplier of surface water management solutions in commercial,
residential, and sports pitch applications. The acquisition of
Permavoid is a small but important step towards delivering on our

strategic goals.

Q Read more on the Permavoid
acquisition on page 35
S

y

3,064

EMPLOYEES IN
THE GROUP

18

FACILITIES IN THE

UK, CONTINENTAL

EUROPE AND THE
MIDDLE EAST

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

~~
manthorpe
building products Manthorpe Building Products Holdings Limited

is a leading designer and manufacturer of moulded and extruded
plastic and metal products for water and climate management
applications in the UK and Irish residential and RMI markets.

(9) Read more on the Manthorpe
acquisition on pages 54 and 55

Top statistics...

°
@aaaacaaa
aogao
age

© Logistics capability to

Over 20,000 products
(widest range in the UK)

ton an] deliver to over 10,000
delivery points annually
© Fleet of over 300 trailers
and 150 tractor units and
rigid vehicles
SALES AND
TECHNICAL © 195 UK and European
SUPPORT PEOPLE product approvals

POLYPIPE GROUP PLC

—— CHAIRMAN’S

INTRODUCTION

“With a clear strategy, a continued
focus on continuing to grow the
M&A agenda as well as continuing
to invest in and develop the Group’s
current solutions, alongside its
experienced and dedicated senior
management team and workforce,
lam confident that the Group will
continue to thrive during 2019.”

Ron Marsh
Chairman

OVERVIEW

1am pleased to present the Polypipe 2018
Annual Report and Accounts following

__ another excellent year for the Group.
Despite the continued economic and political
uncertainty that has prevailed during the
year and the mixed conditions in the UK
construction market performance, our end
markets continue to perform well, with the
Group growing UK revenue significantly
ahead of the UK construction market. As
well as managing this growth, the Group
has also seen a number of changes during
‘the year, including the sale of the French
business in March, the acquisition of
Permavoid in August and the acquisition
‘of Manthorpe in October. There were also
some key leadership changes during the year,
including the appointment of Paul James as
CFO following Martin Payne's promotion to
CEO, and the appointment of Louise Hardy
as a Non-Executive Director in June. The
Group also carried out a refinancing of its
revolving credit facility in November 2018,
well in advance of the 2020 expiry date.

RESULTS

Performance throughout 2018 has been
strong, with a 5.2% increase in revenue to
£433.2m and a 1.9% increase in underlying
operating profit at £74,0m. UK revenue
growth was up 5.9%, which is materially
ahead of the overall UK construction market
Underlying operating margin was robust

at 17.1%, despite continued input cost
inflation, and underlying diluted earnings
per share increased by 4.5% to 28.1 pence
per share. Our strong cash generation
enabled the Group to fund acquisitions net
of disposals of £42.5m during the course

of the year whilst net debt only increased
by £15.8m to £164,2m (2017: £148.4m),
resulting in net debt of 1.7 times pro forma
EBITDA compared with 1.6 times for the
prior year.

DIVIDEND

We have again maintained our dividend
policy and | am pleased to repart that the
Board recommends a final dividend of 7.9
pence per share, giving a full year dividend
of 11.6 pence per share for the year ended
31 December 2018, a 4.5% increase on the
prior year.

Read more about Supporting our
Sustainable journey on pages 50 to 53

REVIEW OF STRATEGY

During 2018, the key objectives of the Board
included:

© Continued investigation and delivery on
selected development and acquisition
opportunities.

© Targeting investment to support the
continued growth of our key businesses.

© Continuing to develop our core
manufacturing capabilities by investing
in further new capacity and automation
to help grow both revenues and profit
organically.

Good progress was made against these
objectives during 2018

In addition to our ongoing initiatives, in
2019 our attention will be focused upon:

© Continued progression of the Group's
M&A agenda

© Ensuring that the organisational
structure of the Group continues to
be appropriate in light of the recent
acquisition activity and the longer-term
M&A agenda

Q Read more about our Strategy
‘on pages 18 to 21

PEOPLE

The exceptional effort and ongoing
commitment of our employees continues
to be a key driver of the Group’s strong
performance. in 2018, the Board and

| spent time visiting some of our sites in

the UK, and continue to be impressed

by the knowledge, enthusiasm and
commitment of our employees across

‘the Group. Strong leadership in each
business unit by experienced and dedicated
management teams is a key differentiator,
and the integration of employees within
the businesses acquired during the year has
been well executed and further strengthens
the pool of talent across the Group.

BOARD EVALUATION

Following the externally facilitated review
of our Board's performance in 2016,

an internal review of the Board, its
Committees and individual Directors was
carried out in 2018 using an evaluation
questionnaire. The results of the evaluation
were discussed by the Board at its meeting

in November, and the Board concluded

that it continued to function strongly

and collaboratively. Suggestions for

minor improvements were made and

the outcome of the evaluation process is
discussed in more detail on page 65. It is
the Board's intention, in compliance with
the requirements of the UK Corporate
Governance Code, to carry out an externally
facilitated evaluation in 2019.

CULTURE

The Board is conscious of the increasing
importance which corporate culture plays

in delivering long-term business and
‘economic success and its role in shaping,
monitoring and overseeing culture. The Board
encourages an open and transparent culture
and encourages the senior management
teams across the Group to foster and
maintain an open culture which is responsive
to stakeholder expectations and the external
environment. The Board will continue to
work to embed this successfully into its
operations in 2019.

UR STRATEGIC REPORT

SUMMARY

The Group has made significant progress
during 2018 and the strong performance
in the year is testament to the strength of
the growth drivers on which the Group's
strategy is based. With a clear strategy, a
continued focus on continuing to grow
the M&A agenda as well as continuing to
invest in and develop the Group's current
solutions, alongside its experienced and
dedicated senior management team and
workforce, | am confident that the Group
will continue to thrive during 2019

Ron Marsh
Chairman

© Read more about our Governance
AS 0" pages 59 to 73

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

POLYPIPE GROUP PLC

—— POLYPIPE’S

MARKETPLACE

THE OVERALL UK CONSTRUCTION MARKET HAS REMAINED
RESILIENT IN SPITE OF RISING POLITICAL UNCERTAINTY AND
SOME FUNDAMENTAL MACRO-ECONOMIC CHALLENGES.

Even within this challenging environment, there remains sustained demand for value-adding,
engineered solutions such as those proposed by Polypipe.

The UK construction market

TRENDS

‘Slower UK economic growth and investment uncertainty are
expected to weigh on construction output in the private sectors.
According to the latest CPA forecast, the outlook for overall
construction output is broadly flat in 2019 (+0.3% growth) and
+1.6% in 2020. This, combined with the persistent uncertainty
associated with the conditions of Brexit, seems to be acting as
a brake to major new investment in private sector construction,
especially for new high-end residential and commercial office
projects within London that may be reliant on investment from
sources outside the UK.

From an economic point of view, other uncertainties, such as the
implications of continued cost inflation, continued pressure on real
wages and its impact on consumer confidence, and the availability
of skilled construction labour post-Brexit may also affect the rate of
construction growth in 2019 and 2020.

WHAT THIS MEANS FOR POLYPIPE

Nevertheless, even in a difficult market, there remains considerable
demand for value-engineered solutions that deliver incremental
value onsite and which help resolve project-specific issues

For example, demand continues to rise for solutions that reduce

the requirement for skilled workers onsite; investment continues in
flood alleviation schemes, or schoo! renovation schemes that require
both indoor air quality and reduced energy consumption

OUR PORTFOLIO

Polypipe's ability to grow sales ahead of the market, even in
challenging market conditions, validates its strategy of legacy
material substitution and innovation in solutions that address
legislative tailwinds. Our portfolio continues to evolve towards
value-adding, smart solutions that provide engineered performance
and are capable of being pre-assembled offsite.

THE UK DEMAND DRIVERS

Growth in the number of households in England has exceeded
housing completions consistently since the economic crisis of
2008, which, supported by the Government's policy of Help-
to-Buy schemes, has helped to sustain a fundamental level of
demand for housing, which has driven construction activity in the
private housing sector in particular. Other trends such as the lack
of affordable homes and the emerging shortage of site labour
are encouraging the emergence of new business models, such as
build offsite and modular construction, which may open further
opportunities for Polypipe in the future.

RESIDENTIAL

Output in the private housing sector continued to grow +5% in
2018 and is expected to rise further in 2019 and 2020 albeit at

a slower rate; growth in housing starts is expected to slow from an
average growth rate of +10.4% between 2013 and 2017, to +2.0%
in 2019 and +1.0% in 2020.

PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS

Overall numbers of transactions remain relatively subdued from

a historic perspective. UK property transactions decreased -0.8%
in 2017 and were -3.1% lower in January to November 2018 than
in the corresponding period of the previous year. Annual property
transaction volumes have remained at around 1.2 million per

year since 2014, Bank of England data shows that the number

of mortgage approvals followed a similar trend to property
transactions, after declining -1.6% in 2017, falling -2.5% year-
on-year in January-November 2018, to an average of 65,000 per
month.