(2 Polypipe For a Sustainable
Built Environment.

Annual Report and Accounts for
the year ended 31 December 2020

nn

21/05/2021 #170
COMPANIES HOUSE

Registered No. 06059130

Business Overview

What We Do 1
Highlights 2
Investment Proposition 3
Chief Executive Officer's Review 4
Strategic Report

Polypipe’s Marketplace 9
We're Helping Construction

Build Better 12
Case Study: Flood Alleviation B
Our Business Model 4
Six Strategic Growth Drivers 16
Key Performance Indicators 18
Operating Responsibly 20
Sustainable Solutions 2
Sustainable Operations 22
People 24
Health, Safety and Wellbeing 25

Case Study: Clean and Healthy Air 27
Engagement with our Stakeholders 28
Section 172 Statement 30
Chief Financial Officer's Report 32
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 38

Governance

Chairman's Letter 45
Directors and Officers 48
Corporate Governance Statement 50
Case Study: Our Culture 56
Nomination Committee Report 59
Audit Committee Report 63
Directors’ Report 68
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 71
Remuneration

Letter from the Chair of the
Remuneration Committee 2
Remuneration at a Glance 76
Remuneration Policy 7
Annual Report on Remuneration 86

Financial Statements

Independent Auditor's Report 7
Group Income Statement 105
Group Statement of

Comprehensive Income 106
Group Balance Sheet 107
Group Statement of Changes

in Equity 108
Group Cash Flow Statement 109
Notes to the Group Financial

Statements 110
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 138
Company Balance Sheet 139
Company Statement of Changes

in Equity 140

Company Cash Flow Statement. 141
Notes to the Company
Financial Statements
Shareholder Information

142
147

Financial

Strategic
Statements

Report

Business
Overview

What We Do

Polypipe helps to create a better built
environment, by developing and producing
sustainable solutions to the key challenges faced
in water, climate and ventilation management.

Governance Remuneration

We apply considerable experience and
application knowledge to supply some
of the most prestigious buildings and
infrastructure schemes across the UK
and other target geographies.

We hold market leading positions across
residential, commercial and infrastructure
sectors, with some of the most well
known brands in our industry.

How we do it

Our vision

Polypipe has a clear goal to be the
leading, UK-focused, provider of
sustainable construction products.

Our purpose

All of our colleagues share the common
sense of purpose that they are ‘Helping
Construction Build Better’. This involves
everything from building a better
environment, building in a better way,
through to building using modern
methods of construction. We have

a sense of place within the construction
community, and see ourselves

as collaborative partners within

‘that community.

Our culture

We are a decentralised group where
decision-making and expertise is close
to our customers and our markets.
We promote a culture where people
understand how they contribute to
our overall success, and we empower
them to act with that in mind.

Our values

Our core values are around trust and
innovation. Our businesses have done
work to articulate these core values

in ways they feel most suit them.

But these local nuances always reflect
the Group-wide commitment to integrity
and creativity.

Winning sustainably

We're holding ourselves accountable
by setting a clear strategy and measuring
progress against ambitious targets.
We have committed to raising the bar
for sustainability, for ourselves and for
others, and want to see smarter and
more sustainable policies and practices
right across our industry. Working
together, we will make the built
environment more sustainable

for generations to come.

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Highlights

The Group has demonstrated its strength and
resilience in the face of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Highlights

* Revenue decline of 10.9% reflecting
unprecedented trading environment in Q2,
followed by a strong recovery, with second
half in line with prior year

Underlying operating profit severely
impacted by reduced volumes in H1 and
investment in Covid-19 measures; a much
improved second half

Continued strategic investment in business,
capital expenditure of £25.1m

Proposed final 2020 dividend of 4.8p per
share, being a 40% payout ratio of
net income

Revenue

Underlying operating profit

Profit before tax

* Capital raise of £120m in H1 to strengthen
balance sheet

in February 2021, the Group acquired three
businesses; Adey, Nu-Heat and Plura - with
a strongly supported £96m capital raise
helping to fund the Adey acquisition

Polypipe Group ple to change its name
to Genuit Group plc on 6 April 2021
reflecting continued progression of the
Group, including the development of
new product areas and the acquisition
of a number of strong trading brands.
We remain committed to our customer-
facing brands, including Polypipe

Underlying cash generated
from operations"

Underlying basic earnings per share

Net debt

* Before non-underlying items, as defined in Note 2.20 on page 117.

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

ESG Highlights

‘© We will continue to focus on serving
the needs created by four key
sustainability drivers:

— Increasing need for resilient drainage
~ Need for green urbanisation

= Increased focus on clean, healthy indoor
air and ventilation; and

— Amove towards a low, or zero carbon,
built environment

We have set out a clear strategy and will
measure performance in:

= Circular economy — leading the industry
in recycling and waste: For 2020, 45.9%
of material was from recycled inputs —
we have set a target of 62% by 2025

— Climate change - reducing carbon
emissions through products and
operations - we achieved ISO 50001
accreditation and a reduction in COze
intensity of 7.8% in 2020

= Innovation - driving new areas of
growth — new Digital Director appointed

— Our Vitality Index for 2020 was 22.8%
—we have set a target of 25% by 2025

— Developing our colleagues - we have
joined The 5% Club and in the year
3.8% of our workforce were in
accredited work and learn programmes

— Key ESG metrics now incorporated
into senior management long-term
incentive plan

CD) Read more on pages 20 to 24

Business
Overview

Strategic

Report Governance

Financial

Remuneration Statements

Investment Proposition

Polypipe is the UK's leading provider of sustainable water and
climate management solutions for the built environment.

1. UK Market leadership

and balanced exposure to

all sectors of the construction
market and cycle

The Group is the largest plastic piping
systems manufacturer in the UK, as
well as the leading player in commercial
ventilation. We have number one and
two positions across many segments
such as above ground drainage,
underfloor heating, rainwater systems,
drainage attenuation, and plastic
plumbing. We have significant
presence in residential, commercial

and infrastructure sectors, in both

new build and RMI.

2. Successful business

model with significant
barriers to entry, experienced
management teams and
skilled workforce

Through its business model Polypipe
leverages its scale and expertise.
Investment in efficiencies delivers
continuous improvement and allows

our workforce to develop new skills and
knowledge which in turn provide barriers
to entry and protect our market positions
versus competition. Our decentralised
business model allows our knowledgeable
and experienced local teams to make
decisions and act with agility, allowing

us to combine the benefits of scale

and speed.

3. Significant structural
growth opportunities

We are focused on clear structural

and environmental growth drivers

which underpin a growth rate of 2 to
4% above construction market average
across the cycle. Polypipe pursues
growth opportunities organically and
inorganically. As well as focusing on
environmental growth drivers, we also.
continue to benefit from a structural

shift from legacy materials such as
copper, clay and concrete toward
modern plastic alternatives. We also

see significant headroom for technologies
such as underfloor heating and
mechanical ventilation and heat recovery,
where penetration levels will benefit
from regulatory drivers.

4. Strong ESG credentials
with clear targets and
sustainability at the

heart of the business

Polypipe is recognised by the London
Stock Exchange (LSE) as a ‘Green
Economy Issuer’, We have a series of
committed targets for 2025 and report
against these measures regularly.

Our growth is linked to addressing

the environmental challenges faced by
society, and we address those challenges
by operating as a sustainable business.

5. A strong, proven,
financial track record

Our commitment to above market
growth, and the ability to leverage
our scale generate strong profitability
and cash flow. Polypipe has delivered
a successful M&A programme, with
further potential for inorganic growth,
both in our core and adjacent segments.
Polypipe has a strong balance sheet to
support that growth, with no defined
benefit pension scheme.

(0) Read more on pages 12 to 24

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Chief Executive
Officer’s Review

‘Lam very proud of colleagues’ contributions to
the Group performance this year and to the greater
good of their communities through what have been
extremely difficult times for all of us.’

Martin Payne
Chief Executive Officer

a

Throughout the crisis,
our priority remained
the health, safety
and wellbeing of

our employees

and our consumers.

In what has been the most challenging
year of our working lives, the Group has
demonstrated a robust response to the
Covid-19 pandemic. The crisis severely
impacted the Group through the second
and third quarters, but a sustained
recovery in our markets through the
fourth quarter left Group revenue for
the year 10.9% lower than prior year

at £398.6m (2019: £447.6m), with |
underlying operating profit 46.0%
lower than prior year at £42.2m

(2019: £78.1m) and underlying basic
earnings per share 54.4% lower

at 13.5 pence (2019: 29.6 pence).

This resilient performance is down to
our incredible colleagues around the
Group who have risen to, and overcome,
the challenges in taking significant
actions to ensure the health, safety

and wellbeing of employees and their
families, customers, suppliers, and
visitors. Notwithstanding the actions
that were taken to protect our people,
the Group continued to supply through
the first lockdown to Covid-19 projects
such as the Nightingale Hospitals and
other NHS and care facilities, as well as
for essential repair and maintenance.

In addition, throughout the year,

the commitment of our employees

to help communities was inspiring.
Activities such as repurposing some

of our machinery to manufacture and
assemble visors in conjunction with local
higher education establishments and
distributing them to local NHS and care
facilities, to donating spare PPE to local
hospitals, to raising money and providing
transport for local food banks, are just a
few examples of our people supporting
their communities. | am very proud of
colleagues’ contributions through what
have been extremely difficult times.

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

2020 started well, with activity levels
across the Group improving following
the General Election result, albeit
impacted by flooding in the North and
Midlands in February 2020. The Covid-19
crisis then struck with volumes impacted
across the Group, with overall demand
levels reducing by up to two thirds in the
second quarter driven by the closure of
the housing market through April and
part of May 2020 and ongoing Covid-19
compliant working practices on sites.

The Group took a number of actions
throughout the year to keep our people
safe, protect the business, preserve cash,
and ensure the Group could continue to
invest in its key product developments
and projects, and exit the crisis on the
front foot.

The Group implemented strict health
and safety policies ensuring social
distancing, mandatory use of PPE,
temperature testing and enhanced
cleaning regimes which have continued
to be in place as volumes have increased.

We secured a £120m equity raise

from investors in May 2020, drew down
£100m under the Bank of England's
Covid Corporate Financing Facility (CCFF)
in May 2020, and agreed an extra £50m.
Covid-19 facility with our banks in
addition to the Group's £300m revolving
credit facility. The £100m CCFF loan

was repaid to the Bank of England in
September 2020. We initially deferred
HMRC tax payments which have since
been paid. We cancelled the 2019 final
dividend, which was due for payment
on 28 May 2020 with no 2020 interim
dividend. The Board took a 20%
voluntary reduction in salaries and fees
between April and August 2020 inclusive.

Business
Overview

In order to safeguard jobs, up to 60%
of our workforce, 1,771 employees,

were furloughed under the Government's
Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme
(CJRS), between March and August
2020 reflecting a reduction in volumes
of up to 66% during that period.

The £7.7m the Group claimed under

‘the CJRS was paid to our employees,
ensuring they had an income whilst
avoiding large scale redundancies.
Regrettably, restructuring actions needed
to be taken in the second half of the
year, including 104 redundancies,
significantly fewer than the 250 at

tisk positions announced in July 2020.
1,667 employees have now returned

to work and the Group has repaid

CJRS amounts of £0.7m for employees
subsequently made redundant.

In the latter part of May, the housing
markets and new build developments
reopened, and commercial and
infrastructure sites continued to improve
productivity, all under Covid-19 safe
operating practices. The UK Government
implemented temporary, but welcomed,
Policies to help boost the housing market,
such as stamp duty holidays and Help
to Buy extensions. Consequently,

our markets started to recover through
the third and fourth quarters, with RMI
markets performing particularly strongly
in this period as household expenditure
was diverted from hospitality and leisure
activities to home improvements.
Overall, according to the Construction
Products Association Winter forecast,
the UK construction market contracted
14.3% in the year, and against this
backdrop, the Group has performed
well to deliver the results it has.

Strategy aligned to structural
growth drivers

Whilst managing our way through the
crisis, we have also focused on the future
direction of the Group. We presented

a strategy refresh at our Capital Markets
Event in November 2020, reiterating

our commitment to water and climate
management solutions and delivering
growth ahead of the UK construction
market by both organic and inorganic
focus on environmental, regulatory

and sustainability-led drivers in this
space. We are focused on four key
growth drivers given the increasing
needs in: resilient drainage; green
urbanisation; clean, healthy air and
low/zero carbon in heating, and
construction more widely.

Strategic

Report Governance

We continue to deliver on this strategy
with investment in new products and
technologies including Safe Haven,

the ventilation system concept for high
occupancy buildings including ultraviolet
filters to kill airborne viruses, launched by
our Nuaire business in November 2020.
These initiatives continue to drive organic
growth in these areas. Subsequent to
‘the year end, we made three
acquisitions, consistent with these
strategic objectives. On 2 February 2021,
we completed the £27m acquisition of
Nu-Heat, the leading supplier of
sustainable underfloor heating solutions,
air and ground source heat pumps,

and other renewable heating systems.
On 10 February 2021, the Group
completed the £210m acquisition

of Adey, the UK's leading provider

of magnetic filters, chemicals and
related products, which protect against
magnetite and other performance issues
in water-based heating systems and
improve energy efficiency. This was
done in conjunction with a £96m equity
raise which was achieved with a small
Premium to the previous market close,
demonstrating the strong shareholder
support Polypipe has for this acquisition
and its wider strategic direction.

The Group also completed the £1.25m
acquisition of a 51% stake in Plura
Composites Ltd, a manufacturer of a
range of products for utility companies,
road and rail operators, network builders
and designers in the construction and
maintenance of their networks and has
some unique manufacturing expertise
in pultrusion technology, compression
moulding, injection moulding and
fabrications. These additions to the
Group are squarely in line with our
strategy and demonstrate the Group's
ability to deliver on that strategy.

These recent acquisitions follow
Manthorpe, Alderburgh, Surestop,
Permavoid and Nuaire, carried out since
our IPO in 2014. They are all strong
brands and leverage our commercial
Strengths. These acquisitions are part
of our strategy of focusing on structural
growth drivers and adjacent sectors,
broadening our portfolio of products
and technology. Given the significant
evolution of the Group we will change
the name of the Company from Polypipe
Group plc to Genuit Group plc on

6 April 2021. We remain committed

to our strong customer-facing brands
of which Polypipe is a key example.

Financial

Remuneration Statements

@ Adey shaped the future of water treatment,
with the invention of the first magnetic filter

Sustainability is core to the Group's
strategy, and during the year the Group
committed to some stretching but
achievable ESG targets by 2025 covering
the circular economy, carbon emissions
reductions, innovation, digital, diversity
and inclusion and talent management.
We have made good progress on a
number of these initiatives, with some
already yielding improvements against
our targets. Our like-for-like carbon
impact measure of CO;e intensity
improved by 7.8% compared to prior
year. Polypipe Building Products have
been awarded certification of ISO 50001,
reflecting the focus they have put into
their energy management processes.
We see recycling as being core to our
place in the circular economy, and by
2025 we have committed to at least
62% of our output being from recycled
inputs; the maximum which current
standards allow across our range.

2020 was a challenging year for recycled
content, as the volatility in our markets
moved our mix towards those products
which do not currently allow its use.
Nonetheless, we achieved a result of
45.9% of our tonnage being from
recyclate. To achieve our goals and
vision, we need a well-trained and
engaged workforce. We are now signed
up to the pledge of The 5% Club as
Part of our commitment to increase the
proportion of our colleagues involved
in some form of accredited learning
programmes such as apprenticeships,
graduate traineeships, or part time
learning. In 2020, despite the pressures
of the pandemic, we increased this
proportion to 3.8%, compared to
2.8% in 2019.

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Chief Executive Officer’s Review continued

We undertake an annual survey to
assess the level of engagement of our
colleagues. We have targeted a 5%
improvement per annum, and are
delighted that, despite the obvious
challenges of the working environment
in 2020, the survey results were

6.1 percentage points better than prior
year; a tremendous credit to our people
at all levels in the business. We are
deploying a number of diversity and
inclusion initiatives to ensure that

we are recruiting from the widest talent
pool, and that our businesses reflect the
communities and markets in which they
operate. Our median gender pay gap in
2020 was 9.9%, compared to a UK-wide
measure of 15.5%. In November 2020,
we stated a number of digital and
innovation initiatives to help future proof
our Group. We have now recruited a
Group Digital Director to help us on that
journey. We also stated that by 2025 we
would have a five-year Vitality Index (Vi)
of 25%, meaning that a quarter of our
revenue in that year would derive from
products as yet to be launched. We also
want 40% of that total to come from
genuinely innovative and breakthrough
developments. Our launch of Safe Haven
was one such development which has
triggered significant interest. In 2020,
our VI score was 22.8%, reflecting

our already successful track record

of innovation

Business review

Residential Systems

Revenue in our Residential Systems
segment, which is almost exclusively
derived from the UK market, was 14.0%
lower than the prior year at £223.9m
(2019: £260.3m). Residential markets
were significantly adversely impacted by
Covid-19 in 2020, although much of this
impact related to the earlier part of the
year with first half revenue 28.1% lower
‘than prior year. Second half revenue was
broadly in line with prior year at £131.1m,
just 0.2% lower, reflecting the significant
improvement in performance in this
segment as residential markets recovered.

According to the Construction Products
Association, the overall private new
house build market declined by 18.1%
in the year, with the entire housing
market closed down during April and
much of May, and then with house
developers slowly returning to site as
they adjusted to Covid-19 safe operating
Practices through the Summer. There
was some helpful stimulus from the UK
Government, notably the stamp duty
holiday for housing transactions below
£500,000, and extension to the existing
Help to Buy scheme, both of which have
helped demand recover. Private new
housing completions were 21.8% down
‘on prior year but new housing starts
were 32.4% lower than the prior year,
as housebuilders continued to reduce
work in progress and worked existing
sites harder in the face of the uncertain
outlook. Given the majority of the
Group's products in this segment are
used in the early stages of site and plot
development, this has made the year
even more challenging.

The private RMI market was more
resilient in the year, being 11.5%

down on prior year, with household
expenditure being diverted from the
hospitality and leisure sectors into home
improvements. Within this performance,
inflation related price increases of
approximately 2% were successfully
implemented early in the year. However,
this leaves volumes for the year around
16% lower than the prior year, a strong
performance given this challenging
market backdrop.

Our innovation and product launches.
continued throughout the challenging
environment of 2020 and were
recognised by our industry. Manthorpe
launched its Redshield range, which
combines the requirements of fire
integrity and thermal performance in a
single cavity closer without the need for
liners. This breakthrough innovation was
recognised as Product of the Year at the
Housebuilder Awards. Manthorpe also
launched Thru-Air and Diamond Weep.
These products address the complexities
of cavity wall construction and reflect
our deep knowledge of the applications
they serve, and the challenges that users
face. Innovation is not only about
products, but also about looking at new
ways to partner and to add value to our
distribution partners. Polypipe Building
Products was recognised for its best-in-
class performance, when it was awarded
Best Plumbing & Heating Manufacturer,
in the Builders Merchants Journal Awards.

Change Change

Revenue % %
Residential Systems ont 14.0) (14.0)
Commercial and Infrastructure Systems (6.7) (12.0)
(10.9) (13.2)

2020 ROS 2019 ROS

Underlying operating profit fm % fm %
Residential Systems __. ne 298 534 205
Commercial and Infrastructure Systems 124 247 132
422 78.1 174

Polypipe Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Business
Overview

Residential Systems delivered underlying
operating profit of £29.8m (2019:
£53.4m) representing a 13.3% margin
(2019: 20.5%). As with volumes, the
bulk of Covid-19 impact on margin
occurred in the first half of the year,
with second half margins improving

to 17.1%, some 3.3 percentage points
below prior year. Continued Covid-19
related costs and operating inefficiencies
and increased virgin polymer prices in
the latter part of the year prevented
margins from returning to normal levels,
but this performance still indicates

a resilient recovery in margins as

we come out of the crisis.

Commercial and
Infrastructure Systems
Revenue in our Commercial and
Infrastructure Systems segment was
6.7% lower than the prior year at
£174.7m (2019: £187.3m), and 12.0%
lower on a like-for-like basis excluding
the acquisition in October 2019 of
Alderburgh. Again, the second half
has seen significant recovery compared
to the first half with revenue only
2.5% lower than the prior year on

a like-for-like basis in the second half.

UK revenue, which accounts for
approximately 80% of the overall
segment revenue, was 7.0% lower
than the prior year, with strong
recovery towards the end of the year.
The commercial and infrastructure
markets remained more resilient through
the height of the crisis compared to the
residential markets, with contractors
being quicker back to work with
Covid-19 safe operating procedures
compared to house developers, with
large scale infrastructure projects,

such as Smart Motorway upgrades,
able to continue largely without delay.
The Construction Products Association
shows the UK Commercial new work
market 18.6% below prior year in

2020 which gives an indication of the
tesilience of the segment’s performance
in the year.

Strategic

Report Governance

We launched several new ventilation
and climate ranges during the year,
with the focus on clean, healthy air
growing during the pandemic. Safe
Haven is a revolutionary new system
which combines options for fresh

air replenishment alongside virus
eradication, and particulate removal.

It is tailored for the requirements of
individual projects, to deliver clean,
fresh air around people’s workspaces.
We also launched XBOXER Hybrid,
which is specifically designed to circulate
healthy cool air around classrooms.
Both ranges are attracting interest as
specifiers seek assistance in improving
the management of airflow in shared
spaces. It was also pleasing to see
XBOXER Hybrid being recognised

at the Heating & Ventilation Awards.
Elsewhere, the Click Weld technology
in the MecFlow range, from Polypipe
Building Services, has received an
enthusiastic response from contractors
and specifiers needing a fast, secure,
jointing method. The range is particularly
suited to high rise construction and was
recognised in the Construction News
Specialist Products Awards. Our
successes extended beyond the UK,
and it was particularly pleasing that
our sustainable water management
Permavoid range was recognised in
the Middle East, as Green Building
Product of the Year, at the Qatar
Sustainability Awards.

Export revenue, which accounts for
approximately 20% of overall segment
revenue, was 6.0% lower than the

prior year, with all markets impacted

to varying degrees by Covid-19.

One exception to this was Permavoid
which recorded revenue growth of 30%
in the year as it delivered on a number of
key overseas projects in the green roof,
podium deck and sports pitch markets.

Commercial and Infrastructure Systems
delivered an underlying operating profit
of £12.4m (2019: £24.7m) and represents
a 7.1% margin (2019: 13.2%). Second
half margins recovered to 9.9% from
3.8% in the first half, approximately
3.5 percentage points below normal
levels, and again being impacted by
Covid-19 related costs and operational
inefficiencies, and higher virgin
polymer prices.

Financial

Remuneration Statements

Outlook

Our markets continue to recover,

with recent extensions to the stamp
duty holiday and the existing Help

to Buy scheme, together with the
recently announced Government
mortgage guarantee scheme,

providing further confidence in

the new housebuilding sector. There
remains continued improvement in RMI,
commercial and infrastructure markets.
Our medium-ter