QP cenuit

Group

Genuit Group pic
Annual Report & Accounts 2022

COMPANIES HOUSE

A culture
of sustainable
in novatio Nn Registration number:

06059130

07-CEOREVIEW

Read what our CEO, Joe Vorih,
has to say about 2022

63 - GOVERNANCE

Read more about our Board
members and Group corporate
governance structures

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
‘This Annual Report contains various forward-looking
stotements that reflect managements current view
with respect to future events and financial and
‘operational performance. Allstaterents reflect,
knowledge and information available as at the date
Cf preparation of this annual Report ond there can
bbe no assurance that forward-looking statements,
wil prove to be accurote, os actual results and future
‘events could differ materially from those anticipated
in such statements. Therefore, nothing in this Annual
Report should be construed as a profit forecast.

ic Report Governance

(06 - INVESTMENT PROPOSITION.

The fundamentals underpinning
Genuit Group's proposition for
investors

14-STRATEGY

Insights on our Sustainable Solutions

for Growth strategy

Remuneration

Financial statements

36 -PEOPLE

Read how Genuit is continuing to
build a diverse and talented team
to deliver growth

21- SUSTAINABILITY

Read how Genuit is continuing its
journey to be the lowest carbon
supplier of choice for its customers

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT
Ol Highlights
02 Ourbusiness at o glance
04 Chairs Statement
(06 Investment proposition
07 Chief Executive Officer's review
1 Market review
13. Business mode!
14 OurStrategy
8. Strotegy in action
19 Key Performance indicators
21. Sustainability
28 TCFO
36 People
Health & Safety
42. Stokeholder Engagement
48 Section 172 statement
49 Non-Financial statement
50 Chief Financial Officer's Report
85. Principal Risks and Uncertainties
GOVERNANCE
84 Governance at a glance
{85 Chair's introduction to Governance
88 Directors and Officers
70 Corporate Governance Report
BL Nomination Committee Report
186 Risk Committee Report
‘80 Audit Committee Report
96 Directors’ Report
89  Diractors' Responsibilities Statement

REMUNERATION

101 Letter from the Chair of the
Remuneration Committee.

104 Remuneration ot a glance

105 Remuneration Policy

14. Annual Report on Remuneration

INANCIAL STATEMENTS.
128 Independent Auditor's Report
187 Group income Statement
188 Group Statement of
Comprehensive income
139 Group Balance Sheet
140 Group Statement of Changes
in Equity
141 Group Cash Flow statement
142 Notes to the Group Financial
Statements
170 Directors’ Responsibilities Stotemnent
171 Company Balance Sheet
172 Company Statement of Changes
in Equity
172 Company Cash Flow Stotement
174 Notes to the Company
Financial statements
181 Shareholder information

Highlights

Financial highlights

REVENUE
fm

FO22.2M wan

UNDERLYING BASIC:
EARNINGS PER SHARE
pence per shore (pps)

30.8PPS «on

UNDERLYING CASH GENERATED.
FROM OPERATIONS
fm

FE26M seas

UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT
tm

FOB.2M save

PROFIT BEFORETAX
m

£45.4M

-278%

INCREASEIN NET DEBT
em

EI66.2M soa

1 Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Remuneration

Financial statements

Highlights

Revenue

Revenue increase of 47% 0n a strong
comporative year

Profit

Underlying operating profit increased by 30%
driven by strong pricing and cost controls.
Profit before tax was impacted by heightened
levels of nor-underiying items and increased
borrowing costs

30.8pps

Underiying basic earnings per share
(of 308 pence, an increase of 0.7% despite
increased borrowing costs

1.2 times

‘Strong operational cash management
‘and bolance sheet, net debt 12 times
pro forma EBITDA

£411m

Continued strategic investments in the
business, capital expenditure of Etim

Progress

Increased investment in new product
development and orgonisational copability
‘ugmented by simplification of the business

12.3p

Proposed final dividend of 82 pence
(2021 82 pence).toking FY 2022 dividend
10123 pence (2021 122 pence) per shore

ESG Highlights

Genuit Group is making progress
against its 2025 ESG targets and
senior management's incentive
programmes are increasingly
aligned to these

Genuit Group is focused on serving the
needs created by sustainability-linked
growth drivers:

The built environment needs to adopt as
climate change continues to impact the
way we design our buildings and urban
landscapes. increased rainfall levels,
higher temperatures, and the associated
regulatory framework provide tailwinds
for market outperformance

We continue our progress.on
‘operating sustainably, in order to be
the lowest carbon supplier of choice
for our customers:

Recycled waste accounted for
‘487% of our polymer inputs

We further reduced our Scopes land
2 carbon intensity by 36% Since 2019
we have reduced this by 50.2%

We recognise the role of innovation

in catering for the changing
demands in our market, and in 2022
achieved a Vitality Index of 247%

35% of our colleagues were engaged
in accredited Earn and Learn
programmes as part of our initiatives
supporting membership of The §% Club

ic Report Governance

Romuneration

Our business at a glance

Who We Are

At Genuit Group (the Group) we are focused on
creating a more sustainable built environment.
This means increasing its resilience as

it adapts to the challenges that climate
change creates, alongside reducing the
impact that the built environment has upon
climate change. For us, sustainability is at

the core of both the way we operate and our
commercial growth strategy. Our vision is to
serve the new demands placed upon the built
environment while being the lowest carbon
supplier of choice for our customers.

From January 2023, we re-organised into three Business
Units, comprising some of the UK construction industry's
best known brands. We provide a wide range of
solutions for a sustainable built environment; from low
cartoon heating and cooling clean healthy air and
resilient surface water management through to low
cartoon choices for drainage and plumbing

We want to utlse the vast experience and copabilty that
exists in our businesses, close to their customers. At the
same time, we recognise that being part of the Group
can also create value through scale and unlocking
synergies for the benefit of allof our stakeholders.

‘Although our businesses have strong brands and
individual identities, they are underpinned by a
Group-wide performance driven culture that
promotes accountability, empowerment and
entrepreneurial thinking

2 GenuitGroupple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Climate Management
Solutions (CMs;

‘Addressing the drivers for low
carbon heating & cooling, and
clean & healthy air

REVENUE
bis

£158.6mM

2024-01841

en
15.7%

. ‘oO
pnet
suse
he oot
= Bestop

Financial Statements

Water Management
Solutions (WMS)

Driving climate adoptation ond
resilience through integrated
surface and drainage solutions

REVENUE
S08

£180.0M

2on.6148m

78%

. (eo)

snares

"ype = Adoburgh
a ates
Potro

Sustainable Building
Solutions (SBS)

Providing a range of solutions to
reduce the carbon content of the
built environment

REVENUE
soon

£283.6M

202 £2654m

wer
9
20.9%
eens
"cco

Our three Business Units were established in January 2023, to better align with
our markets, allowing us to create customer value through solution selling.
These now form the basis of our future reporting.

Our business at a glance continued

The Group has evolved from its roots REVENUE BY CONSTRUCTION MARKET SECTOR

in plastic plumbing and drainage, through SOMEAGUES
ongoing product innovation alongside a .

series of successful acquisitions. We now 3 640
hold market leading positions in commercial ,

ventilation, underfloor heating, residential

plumbing & drainage, and large diameter sees,
water management, as well as a broad
range of specialist sub-segments. 30

GROUP DEVELOPMENT
Founded os a
‘manufacturer

of extruded and
‘moulded plastic

if to refocusin
thin ¢

ACQUISITIONS

At Genuit we're in the business of
sustainability. Our actions are underpinned
by our sustainability framework.

‘Advancing
the circular
‘economy

Investing in on
‘engaged and
diverse workforce

Developing Tackling
sustainable climate
solutions change

2° Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

conn

Chair's Statement

Kevin Boyd, Independent Non-Executive Chair

Creating a better
built environment

4 Genuit Group ple Annuol Report & Accounts 2022

Financial statements

Introduction
lam delighted to be writing my first statement
{8 Chair of the Company, following my
appointment on | November 2022 | would like,
on behalf of the Board and the Company. to
thank Ron Marsh for his chairmanship and
valuable contribution over the last eight years.
‘There were a number of challenges for the
Group in 2022, however, as demonstrated by
these results, our performance has been
strong and resilient despite the difficult
‘ongoing micro and macroeconomic
environment we faced.

Performance and results
These ongoing challenges post pandemic
have continued to impact the UK and global
‘economy, which has resulted in inflation
‘and supply chain issues, in particular in our
‘Adey and Nuaire businesses.

‘The year continued to bring difficult market
conditions in UK construction as a whole,
but our businesses have performed well in
the circurnstances. This robust performance
is down to the hard work and resilience of
our colleagues around the Group who have
risen to, and overcome, the challenges we
have faced.

‘The Group delivered revenue 47% higher
than prior year at £622.2m, (2021: £5943m),
Adjusted operating profit was 30% up at
£98.2m (2021: £95.3m), representing a margin
of 15.8% (202 16.03). Underlying basic earnings
per share for the year was 308 pence

(2021 308 pence).

7/7

Sustainability continues
to be at the heart of our
growth agenda.

The Group also completed the acquisition
of Keytec Geomembranes Holding Company
Limited during the first quarter of 2022,
welcoming new colleagues into the Group.
{8 we continue to diversify our product
portfolio and evolve towards being a
solutions-based Group.

Review and update of strategy

During the year, a review and refresh of the
Group's strategy was carried out in order to
determine whether the strategic direction we
articulated in 2021 needed to be refreshed
‘although the Board remained convinced
‘about the fundamental approach of aligning
to key sustainabilty-linked growth drivers,
twas agreed that further work on
‘organisational design, and quantitying

‘our ambitions and key initiatives could

‘be achieved. We engaged « third party
Consultant to assist with this review process,
‘and a project team of around fifty of our
leaders and subject matter experts worked
longside them to complete this review.

The outcome of this process is our
Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy.
which we shared publicly at the Copital
Markets Day (CMD) in November, setting out
our mid-term goals, our new organisational
and reporting structure, and further insight
into how this strategy will be achieved via
our three Business Units. The CMD was well
attended, and feedback on the day itself
and the refreshed strategy was positive

cna

Chair's Statement continued

Bringing our
colleagues with us
on our sustainability
journey

‘Wash & Squash’ HDPE Recycling
tn 2022 the Group launched the Wash

& Squash initiative, which encouraged
colleagues across the Group to bring their
plastic bottle waste to their respective
sites for it to be recycled at our Polymer
Processing Plant in Horncastle. The Polymer
Processing Plant recycles post-consumer
HOPE bottle waste and converts it into
engineered plastic pipe solutions that last

in excess of 100 years - this initiative adding
to the ¢50,000 tonnes of plastic recycting
processed during 2022 Sites were provided
with Wash & Squash’ recycling bags made
from recycled bottles, where they could
deposit clean empty HOPE botties that were
then token to Homcastle for recycling

This initiative engages our colleagues to
bring them on our journey to support the
Group's ambition to provide sustainable
solutions to the buit environment and be
the lowest carbon choice for our customers.

5S —_ Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Financial Statements

Sustainability
Sustainability continues to be at the heart of
‘our growth agenda. Expectations of the built
environment to solve the urgent challenges
facing our infrastructure, buildings,
communities, and planet have never been
greater. Across the Group we'e finding
solutions for these challenges: creating a
more resilient business. society and planet.
‘and we understand we have a key role to.
play in making the built environment more
sustainable. We will do this by becoming a
sustainable, low-carbon business ourselves
‘a8 well as delivering sustainable solutions
at scale.

‘We will continue to invest in innovative
solutions to capitalise on key sustainability
drivers, as well as driving growth through
‘ongoing legacy material substitution

‘and increasing our geographic reach.

‘Our refreshed strategy showcosed our
continuing focus on higher growth

‘and sustainability driven markets.
Restructuring into three Business Units:
Water Management Solutions, Climate
Management Solutions and Sustainable
Building Solutions reflects our sustainability
focus. Our growth drivers will continue to
propel performance in the years to come
‘and sustainability will continue to be at
the heart of how we run our businesses,

so they are fit for the future.

We continue to make progress towards
achieving our 2025 sustainability targets

and have ensured that these targets provide

alignment between management and
stakeholder expectations by incorporating
them into our long-term incentive
‘arrangernents for the Executive Directors

‘and senior management. We are committed

to, and will continue to make changes to
‘ensure that where possible, sustainability
underpins everything we do.

Board changes
{As previously outlined in the 2021 Annual
Report, Joe Vorin was agpointed as Chief
Executive Officer and a member of the

Board in February 2022 Louise Hardy stepped
down from the Board in September 2022,

and on November 2022 Ron Marsh retired
{as Chair of the Board, following nearly nine
years in this role, Ron was appointed as a
Non-Executive Director in 2014 when the
Company listed on the L3E, and has played

a key role in leading the 3oard since that
date. On behalf of the Group and Board, it
has been a pleasure working alongside

Ron and we thank him fcr his time and
dedication and wish him all the best

with his future endeavours.

1am also pleased to welcome Shatish Dasani
to the Group, having been appointed as a
Non-Executive Director and a member of the
Board on I March 2023, and as Chair of the
Audit Committee on 7 March 2023 following a
thorough recruitment process. Further detail
‘on our Board recruitment processes are set
‘out in our Nomination Committee Report

Kevin Boyd
Independent Non-Executive Chair
14 March 2023

Governance

Investment proposition

Remuneration

Long-term sustainability

1
Market leadership

Genuit is a market leader with a balanced exposure
‘across segments, with market outperformance
underpinned by sustainability-linked tailwinds.

The Group operates ina Served Addressable Market
(SAM) valued at c £3bn, and our market shore across
thot SAM is 620% Growth drivers such as low carbon
heating, the regulatory frameworks around
Sustainable Drainage Systems (SuDS), and the need
for increasingly resilient stormwater management
assist us in outperforming the construction market
through the cycle.

3

Innovation levels
which drive profitability

We believe that the climate challenges of today and
tomorrow will not be solved only by the products and
solutions of today. Its for that reason that we place
‘emphasis on innovation across the Group, and our
target of a 26.0% Vitality Index The result of this is
extensive IP, and differentiated products capable

of sustaining higher margins.

Financial Statements

Disciplined M&A
as an enabler of
accelerated growth

The Group has a proven track record of successful
M&A, having completed ten transactions since IPO.
Whilst organic growth remains core to our strategy,
we recognise that portfolio completion can
‘sometimes be achieved faster, and create better
value, via acquisition. We apply disciplined evaluation
Criteria to our targets, including characteristics such
as strong market shares. IP, sustainability credentials,
‘and premium pricing, alongside financial metrics.

2

Genuit Business System,
focused on maximising
growth, lean thinking, and
leadership behaviours

We are embedding the principles and tools of san
management across our businesses to create value
Cand drive out waste, improving morgins and reducing
working capital Adopting common processes wll

create a flywheel to increase synergy realisation in
future M&A.

6 Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

4

Sustainability is at the
heart of everything we
do, with medium and
long-term targets driving
our decisions and focus
Sustainobilt is woven into the fabric of Ganut Group
Ang wth addressing sustoinbilty- inked growth
rivers. wo willbe the lowest carbon supplier of
choice for our customers. As well as being the

responsible way to operate, itis key to our
commercial strategy.

6

Resilient financial
performance through
the cycle with high levels
of cash conversion

‘At our 2022 Copital Markets Day we stated our
objective of achieving 80% cash corwersion,

Our business model is cash generative, and has,
historically operated at these levels.

cnn

Chief Executive Officer's review

Joe Vorih, Chief Executive Officer

Our Results:

Progress in the
face of challenge

7 Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Financial Statements

11am pleased to report that the Group has
delivered growth in annual underlying profit
performance, against a prior year of strong
Comparatives with revenue from continuing
‘operations 47% higher than prior year at
£6222m (2021 £504.3m), underiying operating
ot 20% higher than prior year at £882
{oat e083 ond undertying baste earings
per share O7khigher than prior year ot 308
pence (2021 308 pence). despite the impact
of increased financing costs

‘This was a year of considerable macroeconomic
‘and poitical uncertainty wth continued levels
‘of high inflation in materials, energy and
tabour costs, constraints in the supply of key
‘components (ffecting us both directly. and
indirectly through the supply chains of our
customers) and with an isolated cyber
ineident in Apt 2022 1am proud of how our
teams responded to oll these challenges to
liver these results and | would keto thank
them for their dedication ond hard work

‘As we committed last year, we have improved
our commercial excellence and pricing
responsiveness in the face of significant
inflation. Several robust market-leading price
increases throughout the year with shortened
implementation periods, combined with

trimming the cost base and boosting
operational efficiency to help offset inflation
‘and somewhat weaker demand in the second
half. We have also priorit'sed higher margin
business, exiting some less profitable product
lines during the year. The tougher trading
conditions in the latter part of the year
precluded any normal Autumn seasonal

Uplift ~ especially in RMI activity ~ and subdued
trading continued until the end of the year.

ur undertying operating morgin of 158%
(2021160) wos the result of improved pricing
realisation tom the second quarter largely,
Offsetting the inereaso in materiol costs,
costs ofthe cyber incident and constrained
Doller supply. We have fecused on a more
streamlined organisation that wil realise,
Synergies, better postoning us for 2023 as
prott margins improved to 188% for the
Second hat

We remain a highly cash generative
business, and even after significant capital
investment to upgrade cur manufacturing
Gnd invest in growth, we enerated £526m
cash (202% 572m). Accordingly, the Board
has approved a final dividend! of 82 pence
(2021.82 pence)

revenue 2022 202 change sL.Chenge
‘tm em % a

Residential Systems 3943 3729 87 50
Commercial and infrastructure Systems 2792214 29 08
62225943 a7 EN

[UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 2022 nos 20a Ros change
em * fm * a

Residential Systems 791203 731 196 82
Commercial and infrastructure Systems 18.1 a4 222 100 (14.0)
982188 953 160 3.0

cnc

Remuneration

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

77

Robust financial performance

achieved in a year of considerable
macroeconomic and political uncertainty
with continued levels of high inflation and

constraints in supply chain.

Our customers: long term cl
short term market turbulence

although we are in a period of short-term
turbulence, the Group continues to focus on
segments that benefit from secular trends
‘and growth drivers. The transition to low
carbon and more efficient heating and
cooling, the need to provide the built
environment with resilience to the impacts
of climate change, and the increasing
demands from our customers to help them
reduce the carbon content of their supply
Chains. all provide toilwinds that will drive
‘above market growth in the medium term.
Even now, some of these tailwinds are
helping us to grow despite subdued markets.
‘Our Nu-Heat underfloor heating and heat
pump based solutions, for example, have
‘grown 210% compared to prior year as
‘customers are attracted to the combination
of more sustainable products and lower
‘energy bills, The policy landscape also
continues to provide tailwinds, with Parts

LSF of the Building Regulations, as well as the
roll out of the Flood and Water Management
‘Act. all helping to increase adoption of

our products through the changes in
specification and design. Reducing the
carbon equivalent content of our products
is fundamental to how we make our business
more sustainable, and increasingly itis a

ate tailwinds,

source of competitive advantage as our
customers recognise that their purchasing
decisions are a key driver of their own Scope
Simpacts.

Housing supply remains a key issue facing
the UK Although developers have reacted to
the short-term issues around interest rates,
Cffordabiity, ond the resultant dip in
reservation rates by slowing thei site
‘opening and starts, we stil see a structural
housing shortage as being a medium-term
growth driver. Despite the Government's
doctored target of 300,000 units per annum,
2022 was only the second year since 2007
that saw over 200.000 units completed
(Gource: CPA), and despite the forecast of a
Gip in 2023, the sector is expected to return
to growth in the latter part of the year.

Extreme weather events continue to occur
with increasing frequency, and designers and
engineers now need to cater for this in terms
of greater rainfall and its associated impact
on drainage and surface water
management similarly, our summers are
getting hotter. and the need for sustainable
Cooling solutions has never been greater.

We continue to develop innovative solutions
‘across all our businesses to address climate
adaptation challenges and improve built
environment resilience.

8 Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Financial statements

Our strategy: Sustainable Solutions
for Growth

At our Copital Markets Day in November,
we introduced the strategic evolution of
Genuit with our Sustainable Solutions for
Growth strategy following « thorough
review and refocusing of our strategic
plans. The key elements of this new strategy
= which has been welkreceived by both
markets and, importantly, our own
employees - are as follows:

First, we will focus on higher growth
sustainability driven markets. While the
broader construction market is expected to
grow at low single digits through the cycle,
climate-driven investment should drive
‘outperformance in our strategic segments
including energy-efficient heating, green
urbanisation, and stormwater management,

Second, we will strengthen our current
position by becoming the lowest carbon
choice supplier for our customers. As our
‘customers implement their net zero
commitments, access to the lowest
‘embedded-carbon solutions - an

‘area we already lead - will become
increasingly important.

‘Third, we will simplify the business - making

it more focused, agile and profitable.

By retaining a decentralised operating model
while realising more internal synergy and
efficiency with our Business Units, we can
invest more in our future growth and improve
our profitability.

Fourth, we have committed to creating
increasing value for all our stakeholders as
we develop and embed the Genuit Business
system in all that we do. relentless focus on
improving customer service, simplifying our
‘operations and engendering creative
problem-solving with all our people will
Unlock the full potential of our businesses.

Fifth, we will use this stronger platform to
make disciplined and strategic M&A ~ when
the time is right. Our Group will continue to
dd solution-enhancing, accretive
‘acquisitions while maintaining appropriate
levels of leverage and cash generation.

To put this strategy into action and make
progress clear, we have reorganised the
business into three Business Units - Climate
Management Solutions (ows) Water
Management Solutions (WMS) and
Sustainable Building Solutions (S08) ~ each
of good scale and with clear long-term
green revenue drivers.

(CMS is focused on solving the challenges of
low-carbon heating, energy efficiency and
clean, healthy air - and includes Nuaire,
Nu-Heat, Surestop and Adey.

WMS has the most upward margin potential
it includes some of our compeling blue-green
roof and storm water attenuation businesses
with the potential to offer more complete
solutions and move upstream in the design
cand specification cycle Polypipe Civs ond
Green Urbanisation Permavoid, Pura and
Alderburgh (with our latest Keytec services
acquisition) form part ofthis Business Unit

Of course, SBSis Genuit’s strong core - including
Polypipe Building Products, Manthorpe and
Polypipe Building Services businesses,

With this strong market position, these
businesses have the potential to continue

to drive share as the lowest carbon choice
for the construction industry.

We believe that this structure will leverage
‘our larger scale and lower our cost base,
while providing greater strategic alignment
‘and clear focus on growth Further, we will
‘make this our reporting structure from 2023
‘onward ~ transparency that should help our
‘own people and investors alike track the
results of our strategy.

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

‘As we take Genuit through this transition, we
have sat ambitious but achievable mic-term
targets. We will work to outperform the UK
construction market by 2to 4% through the
cycle - organically. We intend to drive
‘operating margin expansion to 20% and
beyond - from self-help, continuous |
improvement. and operating leverage.

We will return to, and then maintain at least
90% operating cash conversion, and wil drive
our return on copital to 15% or greater.

Of course, we will keep to our net zero and
Science-Bosed Targets (S873) commitments
and invest in our people ~ with a measurable
goal of achieving The &% Club Gold
membership status.

4/7

Well positioned for key secular
trends and growth drivers.

Our path to net zero: leading the way
We submitted our SBrs fcr verification in
August 2022. This followed work with a leading
consultancy to conduct a thorough carbon
inventory so that we are now fully informed
con the key components of our carbon
impact. Our SBTs are initially based upon
improvements by 2027, a: which point we will
re-calibrate and set targets for the following
five years. This first phase of SBTs build upon
the 2025 targets which wa previously
published and put us on a trajectory for
boing net zero by 2050.

Our Science-Bosed Targets as submitted are:

= Reduction of the Groups absolute Scopes
land 2 GHG emissions by 30% by 2027 from.
2.2021 base year.

= Commitment that 84% of the Group-wide
supplier base, covering purchased goods
and services, will have submitted SBTs
by 2027.

We are also committed tc a reduction of
absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 13% for
‘our purchased goods and! services by 2027
from a 2021 base yeor.

Our sustainability targets are already a
key component of Executive and senior
Management remuneratizn, and we are
now also adding an annual measure of
‘carbon reduction into the annual bonus
‘arrangements for a wider cohort of our
Managers to ensure reward is fully aligned
with our strategic priorities.

8 Genuit Group ple Annuol Report & Accounts 2022

Remuneration

Financial Statements

In 2022, we reduced our Scopes land 2
carbon intensity by 36% versus prior year.
Given the reduction in production volumes

in 2022, itis pleasing to report that we stil
managed to achieve this despite the
inherent pressure on efficiencies, and the
increased relevance of our base load energy
consumption Since we began to measure
‘ourselves in this way, we have reduced our
carbon intensity by 50.2%

Cur use of recycied polymers was broadly
similar to the prior year ot 487% of our total
tonnage (202% 48.4%) Progress was
hampered by product mix issues, particularly
‘as housing starts slowed in the second half
tnd in general we are more able to utilise
recyclote in below ground applications rather
than for example, above ground plumbing
cand heating pipes. We were also sightly
Golayed in implementing some of the
product change projects which form the
pathway to our 62% target but expect this
tobe rectified during 2023.

The proportion of our employees that
are in structured training programmes

(eg apprenticeships. formal graduate
programs or sponsored students) reached
3.5% (2021: 3.2%), The share of our net revenue
soles derived from products developed in
the last five years (Vitality Index) rose to
24.7% (202% 20.2%).

‘Our people and culture:
purpose-driven performance

Genuit’s success is founded on our great
people. We are investing in the three key
‘areas of talent, engagement and culture
to unlock the full potential of the business
‘and secure Genus position as a premium.
‘employee brand - crucial to attracting
and retaining the best talent,

During 2022, we have strengthened our
executive team with the promotion of
Matthew Webber as Managing Director

of CMS, and by welcoming Steve Currier

{as Managing Director of SBS. We have
launched the Genuit Leadership Team ~
the seventy or so top leaders across the
Group and have made key additions to this
team including talent development, lean
leadership and financial management.

We have rolled out a nev, talent development
process and created a Group-wide talent
pipeline. This includes expanding our
commitment to graduats schemes and
‘apprenticeships and strengthening our
accredited learning programmes = which
have always been important at Genuit.

We are investing in technology to benefit
our people - we are impiamenting Workday
{as our human resources platform, Peakon
‘as our engagement platform and have
already deployed Workplace by Meta to
‘communicate and connect with our people.

Building a high-performance culture takes
time, but | am encouraged by our progress
following my first ever Group-wide leadership
conference. We are focusing on the things
that matter most - transparency and
respect. encouraging a growth-mindset

‘and continuous improvement, and elevating
diversity and inclusion as key to our future;
something | am very passionate about.

icReport Governance

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

Outlook
‘This year has started well and has traded in
line with expectations, although we expect
challenging and uncertain market conditions
to continue into 2023 amongst
macroeconomic uncertainty, with continued
lower volumes as seen in the second half of
2022. Our expectations for the year have
been based upon the CPA Winter Forecast.

If there are any deviations from this forecast,
the business has proven resilience and agility
to adapt in those conditions, However, the
actions taken on pricing and the other
self-help measures started last year,
including further simplification of the
business, will maintain the Group's resilience:
‘and enhance our capability to respond to
improvements in the market,

‘Through reinvesting these synergies in our
people and growth initiatives and keeping
‘@.continual focus on margins and cash
flow. we are confident that we will start to
make measurable progress towards our
mid-term commitments. Further, our focus
‘on climate-driven growth, leadership in
sustainable materials and enhancing the
power of our people through the Genuit
Business System, will position us well for the
long term. Most importantly, we are building
asstrong team, with a single sustainable
purpose. and look forward to the next
Chapter in our Sustainable Solutions for
Growth strategy.

Joe Vorin
Chief Executive Office
14 March 2023,

10 Genuit Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Q&A

Joe Vorih
Chief Executive Officer

You launched a now strategy last year which underscores

your commitment to driving higher growthin sustainability

driven markets. Can you explain how you will differentiate
‘and deliver?

We wil invest in higher-growth markets that benefit from,
climate investment. Climate Management Solutions ~
already a leading UK ventilation and heating business ~ is
well-positioned to deliver solutions that will be needed for
the homes and offices of the future. Water Management
Solutions already provides a range of stormwater
management products and installation services, as well as,
blue-green roof technology to help adapt to increasingly
unpredictable rain and storms. We also committed to
strengthening our leadership position in recycling ~
becoming the lowest embedded carbon choice for our
customers. By expanding these solutions - through
innovation and acquisition - we are committed to enabling
climate-friendly construction to deliver.

How has Genuit Group continued to adapt to the changing
conditions in the last year?

2022 was memorable, in the challenging sense - the highest
inflation we've seen in decades, an uncertain political stage
at home and in Europe, and unsettled financial markets.

We reacted quickly by improving our pricing agility and
leveraging Genuit purchasing scole Group- wide, We are
shifting from 20 or so independent businesses to three
strategically-tocused platforms that have already begun to
drive structural cost synergies. These selt-help measures will
‘enable us to return to and exceed historical margin
performance. Most importantly, we've kicked off our lean
journey and are deploying the Genuit Business System ~

‘a source of value creation for years to come.

Financial statements

Climate issues are key areas of focus globally.

How is Genuit leveraging the opportunity?

Climate change definitely grabbed headlines in 2022.| believe
weve reached a tipping point, and that business is beginning
tolead the way to develop the solutions that will enable us to
™meaningfully mitigate and adapt to climate change. We are
‘wel positioned, having built our climate management and
stormwater solutions businesses over the last ten years
through acquisitions to be the Genuit we are today. And we
are industry leaders in the use of recycled plastics - ready
{98 our customers begin to ask for lower embedded carbon
products to meet their net zero commitments.

Can you explain how you are developing Genuit's talent,
culture, diversity and inclusion?

Great companies are built by great teams and investing

in those teams must remain our top priority. We've created
‘our own Group-wide talent development process, recruited
‘ond promoted key leaders for the future and defined
‘anew Group-wide Genuit Leadership Team to drive a
high-performance culture, implement our purpose and
strategy, and role-model inclusive and diverse leadership
that will yield benefits for years to come,

‘What do you see as your main priorities for 2023?

Our key priorities for 2023 are to embed our Sustainable
Solutions for Growth strategy. and to get every one of us at
Genuit aligned to deliver for our customers. We will unlock
unrealised synergies and redeploy those resources to invest
in our future solutions. This is the best way to improve our
margins in the face of uncertain market conditions, while we
create the high-performance culture and embed the Genuit
Business System and lean mindset into absolutely everything
we do. im more positive than ever about the Group's
purpose and growth opportunities. and looking forward.

‘to working with our team to realise our full potential