Logo removed

Together, we create
sustainable living

Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Image removed

COMPANIES HOUSE

Together,
we create
sustainable living

At Genuit Group, we help create a better,
more sustainable built environment,

by developing and producing sustainable
solutions for the key challenges faced in
water, climate and ventilation management
within the construction industry.

Together, we create sustainable living.

Forward-looking statements
‘Tg Arevol Report contains various lowering statements

{hot lorwordooing stotamnts wl prove to be accurate. os
‘etual resis ond kture ever cous iar mately am hose
‘onteipotad in such statemaonts Theelor nothing inthe Areuol
Report shoud be consiued.as a prof foracart.

Image removed

Contents

Strategic Report
1 highights
Atagance
Investment Case
Chairs Statoment
Chiat Exooutve Officers review
‘Business Units in ation
Key Performance indicators
Business model
Strategic tramework
Strategy. Growth
Strategy. Sustainobilty
29 Pathway toNet-Zero
31. TaskForce on Ciimate-Related

RBSsazeoaN

Financial Disclosures
‘41 swratagy. Genuit @usiness System
43. Stratogy. People ond Cuture
447 Heath Sofety, Environment
‘nd Wellbeing
449. Engaging with our stakeholders
84 Section 72 statement
558. Non-financial and sustainabisty
information statoment
59 Chief Financial Officer's Report
66. Principat Risks ond Uncertainties
Governance
78 Governance at agiance
78 Chairstettor
78. Directors and officers
80 Corporate Governance Statement
982. Nomination Committee Report

99 Risk Committos Report
108 Audit Committoe Report
M3 Directors Rey
‘6 Directors Responsibities Statement
Remuneration
8. Lotter from the Choir of the
Remuneration
122 Remuneration at a glance
123 Remuneration Policy
124 AnnualReport on Remuneration
Financial Statements
149 Independent Auditor's Report
188 Group Income Statement
189 Group Statement of
Comprehensive income
180 Group Balance Sheot
181 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
182 Group Cash Flow Statement
163 Notes tothe Group Financial Statements
191 Directors'Responsibiltes Statement
182 Company Balance Shest
183 Company Statement of Changes:
in equi
184 Company Cash Flow Statement
195 Notes tothe Company Financial
Statements
200 Five-Year Summary
‘Shareholder information
201 Shareholder information

1 Genuit Group ple

‘Annual Ropert& Accounts 2023

Highlights
Financial highlights

£586.5m

-5.7%

Strategic Report Governance Remuneration
ESG highlights
Undertying operating profit £m Carbonintensity

£94.1m

-4.2%

Graph removed

Graph removed

Revenue decining §7% despite an overall volume
reduction of 124% year-or- yearn the context of
‘market headwinds.

|Afull or volume reduction of 24% was partially
offset by new product launches, bolanced price

‘ond cost management and business simplification
projects, resulting in 0 42% year-on-year reduction

frundoryng operating rte

Dividend per share

pence per share (p) Profit before tax £m

12.4p sosx £48.4M +6.6%
Graph removed Geach eave

Announced progresve dvidond polyt0124p —wnerwoteof BEX prof before tax

por share (20x interest cover) reflecting strength

Erno baloce teeter corfserce een

oseoctgy.

Underlying cash conversion % Netdebt Em

87.7% +303pps £149.3M 10.2%
Graph removed Graph moved

Undertying cash generated from operations of
‘£83.2m with a cosh conversion of 87:7% (2022 §7.4%).

Maintoining o robust batance sheet with headroom
for investment.

0.140tCO,e/t

2022 01381CO,/t

Despite the decrease in volumes we sustained o
similar but only sightly increased level of carbon
intensity across scopes 16 2 Given that aspects of
our carbon impact such as heating are not directly
related to volume output the business hos worked
hard to ensure efficiency gains have offset the
impact that o valume decrease would otherwise
have on intensity

Financial Statements Shareholder information

scttacrton
-33%
sate

The absolute impoctin terms of (0x0 reduced by
38% compared to prior year across scopes | 2.6
‘scope 3: category one. Whilst some of this reduction
roflocts volumes being lower, there were also
improvements in energy and carbon efficiencies
uring the year.

cet soured om
female” ThesKeub
91% 8.2%
(o} fe (o] Image removed
wae maim
Whnecorinedichen  werenaau tive serbtip
peter iioac orga eset cine
mena Tccowcm Eevee she
Giigemmamer: meron
eect ceeetanannn
Premera reece ny
oot moondparwonsremt
‘our strategic objectives. Image removed
Ussoteeyced
ares —
49.2% 21.5%
. (e] . (}
maaan maxn
ouptoniedchgsnshg On misstoemier
Sreeeteentgaces Stvewisernstenee
Samcrccares Setanta
pecmrcaneysanece Gamegpeorvoneran noe eno
Someta; Seeeeinecter sie
megaptenencaict Lacrirenatices
Seiceoegrescsan sarguacntneaas
iaecehecgne " Seleecmrren se
soma Sak See
Wight aed
mance

2 Genuit Group ple

At a glance

Genuit Group is an organisation with a clear purpose;
Together, we create sustainable living.

We enact this purpose through our Sustainable
Solutions for Growth strategy, which is based upon.

Governance

four interconnected and complementary themes.

Gonuit Business People
Growth Sustainability System (68S)

Growth Sustainability

We focus on higher-growth, We will be the lowest carbon supplier of

sustainability-linked market segments.
In addition to the tailwinds which drive
these segments, we will outperform

our market through innovation and
commercial excellence. We will grow both
organically, and through a disciplined
approach to M&A.

Genuit Business System

Genuit Business System (GBS) is our
way of creating value across the
Group through lean transformation
and operational excellence. This allows
us to realise synergies across our
existing portfolio as well as creating

‘a methodology for synergy realisation
following future M&A.

choice for our customers. Reducing our own
carbon impact is consistent with offering

a range of solutions which mitigate the
impact the built environment has on climate
change. Additionally, we provide solutions
which address the need for the built
environment to adapt to climate change.

People and Culture

The capability, expertise and development
of our employees is key to achieving our
goals. Ensuring commonality of culture and
trademark behaviours helps us to create
aspirit of collaboration, allowing us to
combine local entrepreneurialism with

the benefits of scale.

Remuneration

Financiol statements

Colleagues

3,161

Sites

26

Shoreholder information

Image removed

Revenue split

Graph removed

climatomanogement
Sotaiona

Woter Management
Sotutione

‘Suetainabieeuling
Solutions

3 Governance Remuneration FinanciolStatements _Shoreholder Information.
‘Our Business Units
Image removed Image removed Image removed
Climate Water Sustainable
Management Solutions Management Solutions Building Solutions

Addressing the need for clean healthy air
and low carbon heating and cooling.

Brands

165.9m

2022: £1586

Underlying Operating Margin

13.7%

2022.15 9%

Logo removed

Driving climate adaptation and
resilience through integrated surface
‘and drainage solutions.

Revenue Brands
£170.4m

2022: ¢172.4m

Undertying operating Margin

10.4% Logo removed
2022:82%

Providing a range of solutions to reduce
the carbon content of the built environment.

sovenue ora
£242.8M

sza.censm

Underhing Operating Magn

21.9%

2022: 210%

4 Genuit Group ple

‘Annual Ropert & Accounts 2023

Investment Case

=
i by ~ Operating in a sector wth high
Operating in built ~ Xero sutaneoaryarver

environment sectors grown

with inherent ~ Hoping cutranstorigete
sustainability- tsertects i
linked structural ~ Structural growth arising from
drivers changing equation (09 Uc

2028 Future Homes Standard)
civing demand

through-cycle target outperformance
of the UK construction market

Strategie Report Governance

Remuneration

Financial Statements Shareholder information

Delivering compounding earnings growth through
sustainability-driven growth markets, margin expansion
and effective capital allocation.

Differentiated, = Meeting customers’ evolving

needs anheiping them to
innovative, deivertheiraustoncbity
low-carbon building ‘9

~ Moving up the vate chain by
products and building end-to-end solutions:
solutions ‘ith better costo ownership

~ Airning o be lowest carbon,
Choice for customers 60%
of polymers from recyclate
by 2025

66% reduction

in CO,€ emissions by 2025; net-zero by 2050

3.

Leading positions
across diverse
markets, with strong
brand recognition

~ Atrusted portner for
customers, providing a rang
of products andintegrated
solutions

= Number one or ton key
‘market segments with scope
totake further shore

c.20%

share of a £3bn served addressable UK market

4.

Significant margin
expansion potential

= Clear pathway toimprove
‘operating margin through:

= Business simpiiication

= 68 driving operational
efficiency

~ Operating leverage
cos volumes normalise

= Driving improvement in return
oncapital

»20%

operating margin target

Opportunity to
expand solution
offering and create
fultservice Group

= Complomenting organic
growth with vaiue-creative
‘ocquisitions including
intomationally

= Successful MEA track record,
reinforced by adoption
fondimplementation of
(68S opproach

~ Hight resiont Group due
tobreadth of portfolio

>15% ROCE

Group target

i ~ Succossfultrack record
Highly cash- €300munderving cash
generative ‘generated irr operations
business model, vee
with effective progrestive dividend

. i bated on dividend cover
capital allocation of 20cor grecter over the

business cyclo

Over 90%

cash conversion target

5 Geni
AnnualReport & Acounte:

Chair's Statement

Generating
value for
stakeholders

Kevin Boyd
Choir

Image removed

Strotegic Report Governance Remuneration

Introduction

Macroeconomic pressures and geopolitical turbulence over
the last few years hove persistently tested the resilience and
‘adoptabilty of UK companies os 6 whole which hos in turn
inevitably impacted the Group. We ore aware of the impact thot
the increase in interest rotes has had on our wider stakeholders,
including our customers, empioyoes and the communitios

we serve, as well as the increasing focus of stakeholders on

the importance and impact of climate change and the need
to transition to @ low carbon economy. As @ Board, we have
needed to ensure that we mitigate the impact of these external
pressures and that we ore well equipped to respondto ther.
lam proud of the steps that the senior management team and
Board have token to novigote these challenges, whist ot the
same time successfully roling out our Sustainable Solutions for
Growth strategy to provide a platform for future growth when
volumes return to more normal levels. Therefore, despite these
challenges, as demonstrated by our results, our performance
has been strong and resiient and our ongoing selt-help
‘measures, deployment of the Genuit Business System and
Continued business simpiticationinitiotives have enobled
improvements in the quaity of operating margin, despite the
difficult market conditions

“Our Sustainable
Solutions for
Growth strategy
is underpinned
by our people.’

Finoncial Statements Shareholder information

Performance and results

Against a backdrop of continued macroeconomic uncertainty,
the Group's trading performance has remained resilient
throughout the year, supported by the diversity of the Groups
‘morket segment exposure,

‘The Group continued to focus on business simpification
‘meosures that increased the efficiency of operations and
partially mitigated the impact of lower volumes. These measures
included undertaking site consolidations to increase economies
Cf scale, without any associated reduction in production
opacity. Together with other self-help measures, the Group will
deliver ¢ total of £15m of annualised savings. This proactive cost
‘action and continued commercial progress resulted in full year
underlying operating profit being above our initial expectations.
This robust performance is down to the hard work and
determination of our colleagues around the Group who have
risen to, and overcome, the challenges we have faced.

Group revenue was 67% lower thon prior year at €5865m
(2022 £6222r), Underiying operating proft was £94im

(Go22 £982m) ropresonting a margin of 160% (2022 158%).
Underlying basic earnings per share forthe yeor was 252 pence
(2022:308 pence).

‘Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy

In. 2022. following a review and refresh of the Group's strategy.
we launched our Sustainable Solutions for Growth st

‘and shored this publicly at the Capital Markets Day (CMD) in
November 2022. This included details of our mid-term goals,

‘our new organisational and reporting structure, and provided
further insight into how ths strotegy willbe delivered via our
three Business Units We held a Strategy Progress Update in
November 2023 to describe the progress against our strategy,
‘and to offer our shareholders and stakeholders the opportunity
to.engage with the senior management team. We also set out
our new Group purpose, Together. we create sustainable living!
which resonates strongly with our employees and our
businesses across the Group. as well os with other stakeholders
such as customers, suppliers and the communities we serve.

6 Genuit Group ple

“Annual Ropert¢ Accounts 2023,

Our Trademark Behaviours

Wework together

~ by understanding and respecting our unique diferences,
~ through collaborating and supporting to achieve more
= by recognising the efforts and contributions of others

Newjoiners to Genuit Leadership Team

39% eae

We take ownership
~ always acting with health, safety and wellbeing in mind

~ by striving for excellence in what we do
= through our commitment to doing the right thing

‘Hazard’ and'Near Miss’ reports

8,214 au

We find a better way

= through using our voice and actively listening
~ by positively challenging the way we do things
~ by seeking the right solution

Business improvement training

210% npr

Strategic Report Governance

Remuneration

Financial Statements Shareholder information

“We provide solutions for adaptation
and mitigation of climate change
and the challenges it poses for the

built environment.”

Image removed

Sustainability
Sustainability iso key pillar of our strategy and continues to

be at the heart of our growth agenda. As well as operating our
businesses sustainably, we provide solutions for adaptation

{and mitigation of climate change and the challenges it poses
for the built environment We endeavour to provide innovative
solutions to these challenges, whilst continuing to strengthen
‘our position by being the lowest corbon choice for our
customers. Our science-based targets, Pathway to Net-Zero
‘and continued commitment to being abreast of regulatory
developments, as well as taking steps to improve our
‘messaging, continuously improve our processes ond maintain
‘engagement with our key stakeholders. shows our commitment
to successful communication of the importance of sustainability
to our strategy. Details of our sustainability practices are
covered later in our Strategic Report on pages 22 to 28.

People and Culture
People ond Culture is another key element to our strategy

‘on which we have placed significant focus during 2023.

The successful delivery of our Sustainable Solutions for Growth
strategy is underpinned by our people, creating value and
enabling growth through employee copobily, expertise and
inn environment where everyone is comfortable to bring
their whole selves to work A dedicated working group wos
established in early 2023 led by our Chief People Officer. which
consisted of a group of volunteers and representatives from.
‘across the Group who came together to define and establish
{set of trademark behaviours. The process involved obtaining
Girect feedback by engaging with colleagues at alevels and
‘across ail businesses within the Group. Our final Trademark
Behaviours are set out opposite and were launched to our
Genuit Leadership Team at its October 2023 conference.

We also hosted further training sessions to ensure we could
provide all necessary tools to our leaders to enable successful
deployment across the Group during 2024 I continue tobe
impressed by the commitment and output of our leaders, and
look forward to seeing the development and embedding of our
Traclemork Behaviours and the positive impact they will have
con our strategy deployment Further detail about the culture
workstream can be found in our People and Cutture section
‘on page 45 and Governance Report on pages 84 and 85.

Further details about the remaining key pillars of our strategy,
‘being Growth and the GBS, are covered on pages 20 and 4
respectively.

7 Genuit Group ple

“AnnualReport Aecounts2023,

Chair's Statement continued

mage removed

Governance Remuneration

Finoncial Statements Shareholder information

“We are positive about the opportunities that
lie ahead, and 1am confident that we have the
right leadership and people to generate value
for our key stakeholders, and look forward to
another year of progress.”

Board changes
Paul James stepped down from the Board os Chet Financial
Officer (CFO) in September 2023 after serving over five yeors
with the Company, Paul successfuly steered the Group through
the Covid-19 pandemic ond the challenges experienced
ppost-pondemic, as well as helping build the Genuit Group

into the successful Business itis today. On behalf ofthe Boord
‘and everyone at Genuit Group, woul ke to thank Paul for his
yoors of service ond wish him evary future success. The Board
is delighted to welcome Tim Pullen. who was oppointed os
permanent CFO in November 2023 having served as interim
CCFO from September 2023 Tim brings a broad range of

public market experience which complements our Executive
Management Team, and we look forward to working with

‘Tim as we continue to deliver our Sustainable Solutions for
Growth strategy. Further detail about the CFO recruitment
process can be found in out Nomination Committee Report

on page 94

Mott Pullen stepped down from the Board as Chief Operating
Officer in Apri 2023, remaining an employee until 30 June in

an advisory capacity. and the Board agreed not to appoint o
successor. This decision was supported by the strategic change
to the structure of the Leadership Team in the newly expanded
‘ole of Chief Strategy and Sustainabilty Officer, assumed

by Martin Gisbourne, which demonstrates our commitment
‘and dedication to the future of our sustainability journey.

The Business Unit Monaging Directors now report directly

to the CEO, as we increase our customer and market focus.

Shatish Dasani was appointed os a Nor Executive Director
{and Audit Committee Chair in March 2023, as reported in the
2022 Annual Report and Accounts, and Bronagh Kennedy was
‘appointed as a Norr Executive Director in July 2023, Both bring
significont experience and still to our Board, Mark Hammond
retired in October 2023 following the completion of his nine-year
tenure in Apri 2023, having agreed to remain in post until
October whist the onboarding of the new Non-Executive
Directors took place. Mark was appointed as a Non-Executive
Director in 2014 when the Company listed on the Londion Stock
Exchange, and has played a key role on the Board since that
date. On behalf of the Group and Board, it has been a pleosure
working clongside Mark, and we thank him for his time and
dedication and wish him all the best with his future endeavours.
{As a result of his impending retirement, Mars role as Senior
Independent Director passed to Lisa Scenna in March 2023

Future outlook

Despite the difficult external macroeconomic environment,

itis important that we remain focused on continuing to
effectively execute our Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy
{as a resilient business. This can only be achieved with the
high-performance, purpose-led culture we continue to set in
the Group, which we will continue to develop and embed during
2024, We are positive about the opportunities that lie ahead,
‘and | am confident that we have the right leadership and
people to generate value for our key stakeholders, and look
forward to another year of progress, despite the continued
challenging backdrop heading into 2024

Kovin Boyd
Chair
12March 2024

oO

3 Genuit Group ple

Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Chief Executive Officer's review

Progress
toward

our mid-term
targets

Joe Vorih
Chief Executive Officer

Image removed

Strotegic Report Governance Remuneration

My second year as CEO of Genuit has been one of significant
strategic progress for the Group, despite a backdrop of
continued external challenges. Our performance was resilient
inthe face of ongoing softness in the UK construction market,
with successful product launches, balanced price and cost
management, ongoing business simplification and growth in
our international revenues helping to offset this volume dectine.

Importantly, our leadership team has remained futy focused
‘on executing our Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy,
the benefits of which are already flowing through All this has
‘only been possible thanks to the great work of our incredible
team across the entire Genuit Group.

Financial Statements _Shereholder information

(ur business simplification programme over 2022 and 2023,
has been highly successful, and we have announced £l5m of
annualised savings from a range of self-help measures that
leave the Group more streamlined, efficient and better placed
for profitable growth. This hos included the site consolidation
programme across six sites that we are in the final phases

‘of completing with no reduction to our productive capacity,
‘The deployment of the Genuit Business System on a mult year
basis has also begun to bear fruit as we begin to implement
lean processes throughout the Group in order to drive a culture
of continuous improvernent.

‘These strategic decisions have served to improve our annual
Underlying profit margin from 158% to 160% despite the
‘morket-driven dectine in revenues of 57%, Underlying operating
‘cash conversion has also been strong at 87.7% approaching our
90% mid-term target strengthening our financial position and
llowing us to de- leverage the balance sheet while continuing
toiinvest in growth,

With the Group on a firm financial footing and with high
confidence in our strategic direction we are pleased to be
‘ble to propose an increase in our full-year dividend to 124p
‘ond formally introduce a progressive dividend poly.

Revenue EBIT. ‘Margin EBIT ion DPS Net Debt
£586.5m 16.0%  £94.1m 87.7% 12.4p £149m
Down 7 own w vp reduced
5.7% 20bps 42%  30.3pps O.lp 10.2%
ertot proved vote ogress Dotvoing Leverage
readwnds -—opwrotonel —reductonoset—=—_—toweras shoronoler ——_redyoed tom
‘gearing ‘by business 90% target returns 12«(ec 2022)
riptetion wom

vt vv

tT T VY

9 Genuit Group ple

AnnualReport & Accounts 2023

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

“While the short-term outlook
is unsettled, there has

never been a better time

to be focused on creating
sustainable living.”

Image removed

Strategic Report Governance Remuneration

Our customers: challenging market

conditions remain

Genuit today is focused on sustainabilty-driven growth helping
our customers respond to climate adaptation and mitigation
challenges. We continue to focus on segments that benefit from.
mid-term regulation ond a customer-driven need for climate
solutions ~ the electrification of our houses and workplaces to
reduce carbon, better cooling and ventilation as the climate
worms, more effective rainwater collection and reuse, and
‘attenuation of flooding ond stormwater runoff now more
prevalent than ever. We provide these solutions into a range

of end markets ~ new house buiiing and RMI, commercial

‘and muit-story residential construction infrastructure including
stormwater management projects within road and rail ~

‘and we are growing in many of these sectors internationally.

‘The structural UK housing shortage continues and must be
‘addressed, so that despite the recent weakness, mic-term
{growth in this sector should be robust os the UK seeks to build
the houses needed. 2023 saw a deciine in site openings and,
‘torts, with higher interest rates affecting mortgages, cost

of living concems continuing and planning constraints stil
affecting housebuilders. We are expecting these low levels

to continue into 2024 but expect pent-up demand to drive
stronger growth in time.

There were some important segmental trends in residential
construction, Notably, our Nuaife ventilation business saw
organic growth in 2023 driven by increased penetration of

Rew ventilation solutions ~ most notably to control damp and
‘mould in social housing Our Nu-Heat business sow a deciine
inrenewable energy conversion projects as atfordiabilty was
‘concern for consumers, though project interest has increased
since the! ‘announced the increase of the Boiler
Upgrade Scheme from £5000 to £7,500 - certainly a positive
evelopment. On the other hand, the gas boiler market
remained below normal levels. as the supply chain constraints
‘of 2022 were replaced with decreased demand as consumers,
put off boiler replacements, keeping existing systems running.
Historically this has created pent-up demand for replacement
of boilers as they age, demand that may retum quickly when
confidence returns.

While the UK still represents neorly 90% of Group sales, our
_geographic expansion activity continues as the demand for
‘water management and building drainage solutions in the
Middle East continues to develop, ond we introduced new
network infrastructure products ~ including for the North
American market.

Financial Stotements _Shoreholder Information

Despite the short-term headwinds that continue in 2024,
we do 800 positive dovelopments. The Future Homes Stondard
is expected to drive o significantly increased uptake of

‘ir source heat pumps (ASHPs) and undertioor heating,

‘more heat recovery in ventilation, ond a continued focus on
tenergy efficiency and lower carbon products Agoin last year.
We saw hotter summers and more pronounced storms ond
flooding ~ challenging construction inthe short term but
reatfirming confidence in the need for our water management
‘ond green urbanisation solutions In ation lower carbon
Content (uch os withthe higher recyeled-content plastic
products we provid) is quictly moving up the agenda for our
Customers inline with their own corbon commitments oF riven
by local intiatives such as the London Pan, On botance, while
the short-term outlook is unsettled, there has never been a
botter tme to be focused on creating sustainable living

Our strategy: Sustainable Solutions for Growth

Our Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy is built cround,
four key pillars:

Growth ~ focus on higher-growth sustainabilty-
driven markets, via organic growth and disciplined
MBA opportunities

‘Sustainability ~ continually improve the sustainability
of our operations to be the lowest-carbon choice for
our customers

Genuit Business System - create voive through lean
transformation and operational excellence

People and Culture - create value and enable growth
through the capability, expertise and development of
our employees

lam pleased with the progress that we have made against
each of these commitments in 2023, which has seen us drive
improvements throughout the business and strengthen our
position going into 2024

Genuit Group ple
AnnualReport & Accounts 2023

10

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

Growth

8 focusing on sustoinabiity-criven morkets in the built
environment. we see significant opportunities to outperform
the broader construction market The necessity of adopting
toclimate change, regulatory changes and shifting customer
preferences create a series of structural talwinds that wall
‘enable us to achieve organic growth and open the possibilty
for disciplined MEA opportunities.

Despite the softness in the UK construction sector in 2023
‘and the overall deciine in volumes, m pleased to say that
this approach helped to secure revenue opportunities across
«llthree of our Business Units. Sustoinobilty-driven structural
‘growth divers including the need for greater ventilation in
social housing and stormwater attenuation have served to
‘drive demand for our solutions.

The launch of exciting new product fines, inclucing PolyPlum>
Enhanced Sustoinable Building Solutions (S88), Nu-Deck and
MVHR with cooling in Cimmate Management Solutions (CMS)

cond subTerra CTin Water Management Solutons (WMS),
clemonstrates our commitment to innovating within our product
ranges ond providing customers wth innovative and highly
relovant solutions Alithese products tie into the need to address
clmate adoptation chollenges ond improve the resiionce of
the built environment.

Solution seling including expanding the Nu-Heat
direct-to-contractor or homeowner offering. ond working with
‘Rational and regional homebuilders to install early ASHP and
Uundertioor heating sokitions ~ ahead of the Future Homes
‘Standard ~ were effective. Our commercial offering hos
‘expanded with Polypipe Advantage prefabricated solutions
growing enhanced with a new Stax ine of pre-configured
solutions We merged our Keytec ond Alderburgh installation
businesses to create a class leading water management
solution partner with national reach.

Strotegie Report Governance Remuneration

‘The launch of these products, solutions and services, with
‘a continued pipeline of development. means that despite
‘some variation as products mature, we remain on track to
maintain our target of 25% of all sales coming from products
developed in the last five years Furthermore, our success in
integrating past acquisitions successfully, stronger leadership
copabilty, and decreased leverage. all position the Group
wel to continue to develop ond pursue strategic acquisitions
that will add to our organic growth potential and enhance
shoreholder returns in the future.

Sustainability

‘Our growth strategy is inextricably linked to sustainability,
{as the key driver of our markets and the core of our product
suites Itis therefore imperative that we are continually
pursuing a programme of improvement in regard to our
‘own sustainability metrics, ensuring that we are the
lowest-carbon supplier of choice to our customers.

We are ono trojectory to become net-20r0 by 2050,0nd
‘our sustainabilty plans have progressed welin the year.
Most notably. in 2023 we become the frst amongst our UK
peers tohave verted SBT approval for our near-term carbon
reduction targets, which amongst other commitments will
S80 us reduce our scopes 16 2 greenhouse gos (GHG)
omissions by 30% by 2027 compared to 2021

We are also the largest user of recycled polymers across
‘ur European peer group, making up almost half our total
tonnage, and we have held the LSE Green Economy Mark
since 2019 with over 70% green revenues.

We soid that we would leverage sustoinabilty leadership
for growth, remain the champion of the most sustainable
building solutions ond extend our plastic recyciing usage.

As these sustainability targets are a key component of our
strategy, they form an integral port of Executive and senior
management remuneration to ensure rewards fully dlgned
with our strategic priorities. In 2023, we added the annual
measure of carbon reduction into the annual bonus
corrangements for a wider cohort of our managers.

Financial Stotements Shareholder Information.

“In 2023 we became the
first amongst our UK peers
to have SBTi approval for
our near-term carbon

reduction targets.
Our science-based targets Progress
Reduce obsolute scopes 16 2 GHG emasions 24%
30% by 2027
increase annual sourcing ofrenewable om
tect rom 94%in 2020 100% by 2027
through 2030
{83% of suppliers (by emissions) of purchased 32%

‘goods and services will have science-based
targets by 2027

12028 the Science-Based Target initiative (S81) approved
CGenuit Group's near-term science-based emissions reduction
target and we've already made significant progress towards
meeting those targets with the 2023 performance seeing a 24%
decrease from the 2021 base yeor.

During the year our GHG intensity was 0140tCOrelt despite lower
production volumes and we decreased our scope emissions
’by moze thon the corresponding decrease in production.

The majorty of electricity supped to our operations wos from
renewable sources ot tk.

‘The Group is committed to provide leadership in the
construction products sector when it comes to climate change
‘and we see the adoption of science-based climate change
targets as key. Well continue to engage and work with our
suppliers to ensure that they take action to reduce carbon

in the supply chain, but already 32% of suppliers have a
science-based climate change target.