GROUP

eke. :
we create
SUSiell inable|

Introduction Contents

At Genuit Group, we help create
a better, more sustainable built
environment by developing and
producing sustainable solutions
for the key challenges faced in
water, climate and ventilation

management.

Strategic Report

A purpose-led business

Collaborating within
the Group and with
our valued customers
and partners

- Together,
we create

- sustainable
living

Innovating to
actively make the built
‘environment amore
sustainable place

Making people's
lives better by future
proofing places to
help mitigate and
‘adaptto the effects
of climate change

amoco

Together
We leverage the collective strength of our
Group by collaborating across teams,
brands and businesses to achieve optimal
‘outcomes. By drawing on our shared
expertise, we provide high-quality results
for our customers,

To achieve this, we must deepen our
understanding of our customers, recognising
their current requirements and anticipating
their future needs. This includes developing
products and services that enable their
success, such as solutions that advance
their low-carbon ambitions, whilst creating
ew opportunities for growth,

For our partners, this involves understanding
their priorities and meeting them
consistently, ensuring that they choose

to work with us, remain engaged ond
contribute to the expansion of our market
presence over the long term, strengthening
ur position within the industry.

Create
We're committed to innovation that
advances sustainability across the
built environment.

Cur objective is not merely to follow
market developments but instead provide
sector leadership. We aim to establish

the benchmark for sustainable solutions
that transform the built environment.

Every concept, product and partnership
begins with a focus on delivering improved
‘outcomes and solutions that address

real climate-related challenges,

By embedding creativity and ingenuity
into our activities, we're driving progress
for our customers, our industry and the
communities we serve,

Sustainable living

Sustainable living is a complex and

evolving challenge, yet it remains central

to our purpose. At its core, it reflects our
‘commitment to developing solutions that
‘enhance quality of life whilst ensuring that
the places in which people live, work, learn
and play are resilient and able to adapt to
the accelerating impacts of climate change.

To achieve this, we focus on three critical
elements:

(~The buldings that shape
(C__Mhebuitemvionment
The impact that those places
( ave on our planet
The way we ive cs weather pators hit
and extremes becorne the notm

The world is becoming hotter and wetter,
and extreme weather events such as flash
floods, wildfires and hurricanes are occurring
with increasing frequency.

This represents a clear and urgent challenge;
designing and delivering homes, workplaces
nd infrastructure that not only minimises
environmental impact but also enables
communities to adapt and thrive.

For us, sustainability is not optional, itis
fundamental. it drives innovation, informs
decision-making and positions us to lead
the way on delivering resilient, {uture-ready
solutions across the built environment.

Strategic Report

Highlights

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.
REVENUE

£602.1lm +7.3%

UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT

£94.4m +2.4%

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

£58.2m +25.7%

NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

‘CARBON INTENSITY

0.105tCO,e/t

mec of

SCOPES 1,263:
CATEGORY | CARBON

-9.9% -340 bps

(az

alr =e)

15.7% -70 bps

12.9

p  +3.2%

102.0% -560 bps

98.7% +240 bps

18.9% +40 bps

"Pir porodsrestoted to pre-coper ordlease

£20)

FROM OPERATIONS

£N4.im = -1.2%

50.

6%"

we] | [160 ]} [4 waa || [2] | Pes aT aro ]|[e0r)|| °°
To38| 3s
0
a
as
2022|| | 2023] || 2024 20n2||| 2023] || 2026 2022||| 2023] || 2024 2022 ||| 2023} || 2024 72072] | | 2029] | | 2024
NET DEBT ‘CASH GENERATED. USE OF RECYCLED POLYMERS VITAUTY INDEX?

16.4% -160 bps

eez

2022

Tea
cr

ili

2022 || 2022] || 2024

co

cry

2072] || 2023] | | 2024

Strategic Report

Investment case

Delivering compound earnings growth through sustainability-driven
growth markets, margin expansion and effective capital allocation.

Operating in built environment sectors with
inherent sustainability-linked growth drivers

= Operating in a sector with high levels of sustainability
driven growth

= Helping customers to mit
‘and adopt to its effects

~ Changing regulations provide regulatory tallwinds

jate climate change

Differentiated, innovative, low-carbon
building products and solutions

~ Meeting customers’ evolving needs and helping them
to deliver their sustainability targets

= Moving up the value chain by building end-to-end
solutions with better cost of ownership

~ Being the leader in the use of recyclate amongst
‘our European peers

moeco

Leading positions across diverse
markets, with strong brand recognition

~ Atrusted partner for customers, providing a range
‘of products and integrated solutions

= Number one or two in key market segments, with
scope to take further share

through-cycle outperformance
of the UK construction market

2-4%

Significant margin
expansion potential
~ Cleor pathway to improve opérating margin, through:
~ Business simplification
~ Genuit Business Systerm (GBS) driving operational
efficiency
~ Operating leverage as volumes normalise

= Driving improvement in return on invested capital

reduction in scopes | & 2 emissions
by 2027

net-zero by 2050

-30%

Opportunity to expand solution offering
through strategic acquisitions

= Complementing organic growth with value accretive
bolt-on acquisitions

~ Successful mergers and acquisitions (MEA) track
record, reinforced by adoption and implementation
of GBS approach

¢.20% share of a £3bn UK served
addressable market

£3bn

6

Highly cash-generative business model,
with effective capital allocation
= Successful track record of cosh generation

= Progressive dividend policy, based on dividend cover
of 20x or greater over the business cycle

>20%

operating margin target

>20%

return on invested capital target

>90%

cash conversion target

Strategic Report

Genuit at a glance

Our purpose is delivered through our

Sustainable Solutions

Growth
We combine innovation and commercial

excellence, enabling us to consistently
outperform our markets.

We focus on higher-growth, sustainability
linked market segments supported by
structural demand. Growth is delivered

through a strong organic pipeline, alongside
A disciplined, value-led approach to M&A that
strengthens our portfolio and enhances scale.

Genuit Business System

We create value through lean trenstormati
‘and operational excellence.

We use the Genuit Business system (68s)
to drive operational effectiveness across
the Group. Rooted in ean principles, GES
‘enables us to operate more efficiently
‘and productively, supporting the delivery
of our purpose and strategy while creating
value for customers and stakeholders.

for Growth strategy...

we create

sustainable living

mee of)

Sustainability
‘We continually improve the sustainability
‘of our operations to be the lowest-carbon
choice for our customers.

We provide solutions that help the built
‘environment adapt to climate change and
‘are committed to being the lowest-carbon
supplier of choice, reducing our own impact
whilst enabling lower-impact outcomes for
our customers.

People and Culture

We create value and enable growth through
the capability, xpertise and development
of our employees.

We know that our people underpin our
success. By investing in capability, living our
Trademark Behaviours and combining local
entrepreneurialism with the benefits of scale,
‘we foster an inclusive, collaborative, high
performance culture,

®

Lifes
7) ®)

®

..and guided ‘We work together We take ownership We find a better way

y . ~ by understanding and respecting our unique ~ always acting with health safety ond wellbeing inmmind = tough using our voice and octivel stening
by our Trademark itterences = by stiving or excelence in what we do ~ by positively challenging the way we do things
Behaviours... ~ through collaborating and supporting, to achieve more ~~ through our commitment to doing the right thing ~ by seeking the right solution

~ by recognising the efforts ond contributions of others

Strategic Report

moe of]
Business Units Revenue breakdown
Revenue split Revenue split

byBusiness Unit by market

30%

eB

Climate Water Sustainable
Management Management Building IBy/4
Solutions Solutions Solutions as
Addressing the need for clean, _ Enabling climate adaptation Providing a range of solutions
healthy air and low-carbon and resilience through to reduce the carbon content of
heating and cooling integrated surface water the built environment and assist

and drainage solutions construction labour efficiency

revenue pevenue peverue ANS
£178.9m £169.5m £246.8m ° AS

13.6% 5.7% 24.3% 1% 1%

Other International

* ctenrhousing pamontyconat of comemereot
‘trosteture on ple rom housing erperc Te.

creating a clear pathway to deliver value.

strat Bepert Mited : leet
Chair's Statement : a

Solid progress towards
medium-term
targets

Kevin Boyd
Chair

Strategic Report

As we navigate through an era of environmental
challenges, taking action and bringing our purpose to
life has never been more vital. Sustainability remains at
the heart of our Group strategy, ensuring our products
and services help the built environment to mitigate and
adapt to the impacts of climate change, whilst providing
sustainable solutions to solve the challenges our
customers face.

Introduction

2025 was a year of challenge and
‘opportunity as we navigated a sustained
‘downturn in our markets, with external
factors continuing to impact consumer
confidence. Despite these challenges, the
Group delivered a solid performance for

the year, highlighting the resilience of the
Group's business model and Sustainable
Solutions for Growth strategy, alongside

our unwavering commitment to creating
sustainable living. The hard work, loyalty
‘and dedication of our colleagues across the
Group has been instrumental in driving our
performance, and my thanks go to all of our
colleagues for their contribution in driving
our progress in 2025,

The sustainable solutions we offer enable
Us to navigate the ongoing complex external
environment effectively, positioning ourselves
for future success. We continue to develop
our product portfolio, which is centred around
providing the built environment with
sustainable products and solutions to help
mitigate and manage the consequences of
climate change. To support these strategic
objectives, we hove taken the decision to
restructure the existing three Business Units
into two Divisions: Water and Climate, We
believe that this restructure better leverages
the opportunities in each of these segments
{8 the Group continues to grow.

(ur Genuit Business System is o key enabler
of our strategic objectives, and we have
continued to roll out and embed the
Principles and tools of lean management
‘across our businesses to drive growth, realise
synergies, create value and minimise woste.

Maer

Employees at various levels have been
trained in these principles and tools during
the year, which has helped us to standardise
‘our processes and share best practice
amongst our businesses.

We also continued to focus on inorganic as
well as organic growth, and | am delighted
towelcome our new colleagues from
Monodraught and the Davidson group of
‘companies, following the acquisitions in
‘August and September.

Performance and results

During the year, the Group performed well,
despite challenging market conditions,

The Group continued to focus on business
simplification and operational efficiencies,
‘and this proactive approach resulted in
full-yeor underlying operating profit being
inline with our expectations. Group revenue
‘was 73% higher than prior year, at £6021m,
(2024: £561,3m), Underlying operating profit
‘was €94.4m (2024: £92.2m), representing a
margin of 157% (2024: 16.4%). Underlying
earnings per share for the year was 260
pence (2024: 246 pence). This resilient
Performance, given the challenging market
backdrop, is the result of the hard work and
dedication of all of our colleagues around
the Group. You can read more about our 2025
financial pertormance in our Chief Financial
Officer's report on page 26 and find further
detail on our strategic progress in our Chief
Executive Officer's report on page 10.

Strategic Report

Chair's Statement continued

People and Culture

ur performance during the year would

not be possible without the dedication and
‘commitment of our employees, and we
Continue to encourage our leadership teams
cross the Group to promote our established
Trademark Behaviours of we work together,
take ownership and find a better way.

The recruitment of our Chief People Officer,
Edel Conway, in January 2025 and our
Climate Management Solutions Managing
Director, Lee Mellor, in December 2024 brings
the Executive Leadership Team up to full
complement, and has been a driver of the
ongoing success of our people and culture
strategy. We will continue to support the
delivery ofthis strategy in 2026, Developing
‘ond building talent, along with o robust
succession pipeline. is key to our continued
success and to making Genuit a great place
to work As we continue to grow, it is more
important than ever that we drive the right
culture and behaviours from the top.

The Board monitors Group culture closely
and engages regularly with employees, both
formally and informally, to gauge how well
‘our culture is embedded, This is particularly
important as we continue to bring new
colleagues into the Group, to ensure that they
feel welcomed and understand the culture
‘and behaviours we promote, More details on
employee engagement are included in our
People and Culture section on pages 65 to 75
‘and the Governance Report on page 107,

Board changes
{1am delighted to welcome Britta Giesen to
our Board as & Non-Executive Director. Britto
joined our Board in October 2025 and brings
‘wealth of international and commercial
experience, as well as Environmental, Social
‘and Governance (ESG) knowledge to the
Board. Louise Brooke-Smith stepped down os
{Non-Executive Director in September 2025,
following completion of her six-year term,
‘and I would lke to thank her for her support,
‘commitment and contribution during

her tenure,

Health, safety and wellbeing

We believe that the workplace we provide
should be safe for everyone who works in

(oF visits it, and that the teams within our
workplaces should be open and inclusive.
Health and safety remains a key priority and
was discussed at each Board meeting held
during the year, setting the tone from the top.
‘Our Group Health, Sofety and Environmental
(HSE) Director also attended two Board
meetings to provide detailed updates on
HSE performance, progress with the Genuit
Blue HSE Audit programme and initiatives
planned or underway to improve the safety,
health, physical and mental wellbeing of our
‘employees. The Board also took part insite
tours at each operational site where a Board
meeting was held, allowing first-hand
Visibility of health and safety standards ond
the ability to interact with colleagues to
understand any concerns they might hove.
We look forward to continuing to bulld on

our achievements and to strive for high
standards in workplace wellbeing and safety.
Further detail about some of the activities in
the year can be found in our Health, Safety
‘and Environment Report on pages 63 to 64

mee of]

Strategic Report

Sustainability
Sustainability is a key driver of our

strategy, and we continue to work towards
achieving the ambitious targets to which we
have committed. Overall, we made strong
progress towards achieving our stretching
sustainability targets, as outlined on pages
34 and 40 of the Strategic Report. We
Continued to engage with key stakeholders
‘on our progress in this area and to look for
‘opportunities to enhance our sustainability
Credentials within our products, supply
chain and workplace.

We remain committed to the principles
of the circular economy and to prioritising
reductions in embedded carbon alongside
the use of recycled materials. During the
year, we continued to make progress
towards our net-zero targets, as approved
by the Science Based Targets initiative
(S870, and we continue to lead the sector

in our use of recycled polymer and to be
the lowest carbon supplier of choice to our
customers. in addition, sharing high-quality,
verified data is key to achieving reductions
in embedded carbon by providing
customers with the information to enable
them to mate informed decisions, and

in this regard, we continued to increase
the availabilty of Environmental Product
Declarations (EPDs) and TM65s across

the Group during the year.

Dividend

We are pleased to be able to provide

a reliable return to our shareholders,

in accordance with our progressive
dividend policy,

hae >[p]

‘4.2025 final dividend payment of 87
pence per share (2024: 8.4 pence per share)
is recommended, subject to shareholder
approval at the Annual General Meeting,
Inaddition to the 2025 interim dividend)
Payment of 4.2 pence per share, the total
dividend for the year is 12.9 pence per share
(2024: 125 pence per shore), an increase of
3.2% over prior year.

Focus for 2026

We look forward to the opportunities thot our
updated divisional structure will bring, whilst
continuing to promote a culture across all our
businesses that drives the right behaviours
{and decisions to promote the success of the
Group for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

We will continue to engage with our
customers, suppliers nd employees to
understand how we can collaborate and
support them to create sustainable living
for al.

would like to take this opportunity to
thank all my Board colleagues, the Executive
Leadership Team and our employees across
the Group for their dedication, loyalty and
hard work during 2025, and I look forward

to our future opportunities and working
together on those challenges chead, as we
continue to deliver our Sustainable Solutions
for Growth strategy in 2026.

Kevin Boyd
Chair

10 March 2026

S—

strotegic Report
Chief Executive Officer's Review

Disciplined strategy
execution delivering
continued growth

(ale[ep) 2