BETA Close X Genuit Group plc announced that Chief Executive Officer Joe Vorih exercised nil-cost options on 6,263 ordinary shares on April 27, 2026, under a Deferred Share Bonus Plan award that vested on April 21, 2026. After selling shares to cover tax liabilities, Mr. Vorih now holds 183,552 shares. The transaction involved the acquisition of 2,937 shares after tax deductions, with the exercise occurring outside a trading venue. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 01 May 2026 Genuit Group plc (the "Company") The Company announces that on 27 April 2026, Joe Vorih, Chief Executive Officer and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, exercised a nil-cost option over a total of 6,263 ordinary shares ("Shares") (comprising 5,684 Shares granted under the Award and 579 Shares awarded at vesting in lieu of dividends paid during the vesting period) in accordance with the Deferred Share Bonus Plan Award granted to him on 21 April 2023, which vested on 21 April 2026. Mr. Vorih sold sufficient Shares to cover the appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities due on exercise. Mr. Vorih now holds a total of 183,552 Shares. The notification below, which has been made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Joe Vorih 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer and PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Genuit Group plc b) LEI 2138005IF1N2RKJ6KO18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Genuit Group plc GB00BKRC5K31 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares for no consideration pursuant to the exercise of nil-cost options under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP") award granted on 21 April 2023. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 2,937 - Number of Shares acquired under the DSBP after reduction for appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities. d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 27 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue Enquiries: Colette Thompson, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315 315 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Canal+ SA 49 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and