BETA Close X Genuit Group plc has announced its total voting rights as of 27 February 2026, with 251,665,966 ordinary shares in issue and 375 held in treasury, resulting in a total of 251,665,591 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 27 February 2026 27 February 2026 Genuit Group plc (the "Company" or "Genuit") Total Voting Rights In accordance with paragraph 5.6.1 of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company announces that as at 27 February 2026, Genuit had the following number of ordinary shares of £0.001 each in issue, ordinary shares held in treasury, and total voting rights attaching to the issued share capital: Number of ordinary shares in issue 251,665,966 Number of ordinary shares held in treasury 375 Total voting rights attaching to ordinary shares in issue 251,665,591 The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they may determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or change to their interest in the Company, under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For enquiries: Emma Versluys Group Legal Counsel and Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315315 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 36 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and