BETA Close X Genuit Group plc announced that on April 24, 2026, Chief Executive Officer Joe Vorih exercised nil-cost options for 26,034 ordinary shares and Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer Martin Gisbourne exercised nil-cost options for 5,055 ordinary shares, both under a Long-Term Incentive Plan award vesting on April 21, 2026. Both executives sold a portion of these shares to cover tax and national insurance liabilities, resulting in a net acquisition of 13,860 shares for Mr. Vorih and 2,581 shares for Mr. Gisbourne, with no cash consideration paid for the options themselves. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 30 April 2026 Genuit Group plc (the "Company") The Company announces that on 24 April 2026, Joe Vorih, Chief Executive Officer and Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Martin Gisbourne, Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer and Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, exercised nil-cost options over 26,034 and 5,055 ordinary shares respectively, in accordance with the Long-Term Incentive Plan awards granted on 21 April 2023, which vested on 21 April 2026. Both Mr. Vorih and Mr. Gisbourne sold sufficient shares to cover the appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities due on exercise. The notifications below, which have been made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Joe Vorih 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer and PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Genuit Group plc b) LEI 2138005IF1N2RKJ6KO18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Genuit Group plc GB00BKRC5K31 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares for no consideration pursuant to the exercise of nil-cost options under the Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") award granted on 21 April 2023. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 13,860 - Number of ordinary shares acquired after reduction for appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities. d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 24 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Martin Gisbourne 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer and PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Genuit Group plc b) LEI 2138005IF1N2RKJ6KO18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Genuit Group plc GB00BKRC5K31 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares for no consideration pursuant to the exercise of nil-cost options under the LTIP award granted on 21 April 2023. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 2,581 - Number of ordinary shares acquired after reduction for appropriate tax and national insurance liabilities. d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 24 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue Enquiries: Colette Thompson, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315 315 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Canal+ SA 48 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and