BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc announced that on November 24, 2025, persons discharging managerial responsibilities were granted options under the Sharesave scheme at an exercise price of £9.27 per share, with Clo Moriarty receiving 984 options, Karen Witts receiving 1,968 options, and Luisa Wright receiving 984 options. Additionally, Non-Executive Director Ajay Kavan purchased 3,220 ordinary shares at a price of 1067.5 pence per share, increasing his beneficial holding to 10,762 shares. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 25 November 2025 25 November 2025 DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS EXERCISING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS The Dunelm Group plc (the "Company") announces that on 24 November 2025, as part of its all-employee Sharesave scheme for 2025, options were granted over ordinary shares of one pence each in the Company under the Dunelm Group 2014 Sharesave Plan ("Plan") to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities who elected to participate at an option price of £9.27 per share: PDMR Number of options granted Clo Moriarty 984 Karen Witts 1,968 Luisa Wright 984 In addition, the Company has been notified of the following purchase in its ordinary shares of 1p each: Name of Director and position Date of purchase No of shares Price per share (p) Beneficial holding following dealing Ajay Kavan Non-Executive Director 24 November 2025 3,220 1067.5 10,762 For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Luisa Wright, Company Secretary InvestorRelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications Rachel Farrington/Charles Hirst dunelm@mhpc.com DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Sharesave grant 1 Details of the person(s) discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Clodagh Moriarty 2. Karen Witts 3. Luisa Wright 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. Chief Executive 2. Chief Financial Officer 3. PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options under the Dunelm Sharesave Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. £9.27 2. £9.27 3. £9.27 984 1,968 984 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Single transaction for each individual e) Date of the transaction 2025.11.24 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Share purchase 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ajay Kavan 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Directive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1067.5 3,220 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 3,220 1067.5p e) Date of the transaction 2025.11.24 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 51 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and