BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc has issued a correction to a previous announcement, clarifying that the price per share for a transaction involving the Chair, Alison Brittain, was £7.637, not £76.37. This correction pertains to the purchase of 12,500 ordinary shares on May 7, 2026, which brings her beneficial holding to 50,000 shares. All other details of the transaction remain unchanged. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 08 May 2026 8 May 2026 DUNELM GROUP PLC CORRECTION: NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS EXERCISING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS The following amendment has been made to the 'Notification of Transactions of Directors/Persons Exercising Managerial Responsibility and Connected Persons' announcement released on 8 May 2026 at 11.00 under RNS No 6176D. In the table in the main body of the announcement, the 'Price per share (p)' should read '763.7' and not '7637' as previously stated. All other details remain unchanged. NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS EXERCISING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS Dunelm Group plc has been notified of the following purchase in its ordinary shares of 1p each: Name of Director and position Date of purchase No of shares Price per share (p) Beneficial holding following dealing Alison Brittain Chair 07 May 2026 12,500 763.7 50,000 For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Luisa Wright/Simon Hockridge InvestorRelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications Rachel Farrington/Charles Hirst dunelm@mhpgroup.com DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Alison Brittain 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chair b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £7.637 12,500 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 12,500 £7.637 e) Date of the transaction 2026.05.07 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and