BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc has announced its total voting rights, stating that its issued ordinary share capital comprises 203,426,835 ordinary shares, with 1,843,320 held in treasury. Consequently, the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights is 201,583,515, which shareholders should use as the denominator for calculating their notification requirements under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 28 November 2025 Dunelm Group plc 28 November 2025 DUNELM GROUP PLC (the "Company") Total Voting Rights In conformity with R 5.6.1 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, the Company notifies the market that at the date of this announcement the Company's issued ordinary share capital comprises 203,426,835 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1p each (" Ordinary Shares "), of which a total of 1,843,320 shares are held in treasury. Therefore, the total number of Ordinary Shares with voting rights in the Company is 201,583,515 Ordinary Shares. The number of 201,583,515 Ordinary Shares above may be used by shareholders in the Company as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change in their interest in, the ordinary share capital of the Company under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Name of authorised Company official responsible for making this notification: Luisa Wright, Company Secretary InvestorRelations@dunelm.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 56 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 56 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 56 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 56 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 56 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and