BETA Close X On October 30, 2025, Dunelm Group plc granted share incentive awards in the form of nil-cost options under the 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan. Clodagh Moriarty received awards over 146,981 shares, Karen Witts over 86,390 shares, Luisa Wright over 24,618 shares, and James Cooper over 3,677 shares. The options for Moriarty, Witts, and Wright are exercisable on or after October 30, 2028, subject to performance conditions, while Cooper's options are exercisable on or after October 30, 2027, also subject to performance conditions. Moriarty and Witts have committed to retaining at least two-thirds of these shares after exercising the options and covering tax liabilities, for the duration of their employment. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 31 October 2025 31 October 2025 DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS EXERCISING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS On 30 October 2025 share incentive awards were granted over ordinary shares of one pence each in the Company, in the form of a nil cost option under the Dunelm Group 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities: PDMR Number of shares under award Clo Moriarty 146,981 Karen Witts 86,390 Luisa Wright 24,618 James Cooper 3,677 In the case of Clo Moriarty, Karen Witts and Luisa Wright, the options may be exercised on or after 30 October 2028, subject to the satisfaction of performance conditions over the three financial periods commencing on 29 June 2025. These performance conditions are detailed in the Company's FY25 Annual Report. In the case of James Cooper, the options may be exercised on or after 30 October 2027, subject to the satisfaction of performance conditions. On exercise, Clo Moriarty and Karen Witts have each committed to retain (after sale to cover tax and national insurance liability on exercise), at least two thirds of these for the duration of employment. In addition, shareholding requirements apply for the duration of employment and for two years from termination of employment, as set out in the 2023 Remuneration Policy ("2023 Policy") approved on 16 November 2023. In line with its 2023 Policy, the Remuneration Committee can apply malus or clawback to the awards and has discretion to vary formulaic outturns where this does not reflect underlying performance or is inappropriate in the context of unexpected or unforeseen circumstances. For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Luisa Wright/Simon Hockridge InvestorRelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications Rachel Farrington/Charles Hirst dunelm@mhpc.com DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person(s) discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Clodagh Moriarty 2. Karen Witts 3. Luisa Wright 4. James Cooper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. Chief Executive 2. Chief Financial Officer 3. PDMR 4. PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options conditional on future performance in accordance with the Company's long term incentive plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. £Nil 2. £Nil 3. £Nil 4. £Nil 146,981 86,390 24,618 3,677 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Single transaction for each individual e) Date of the transaction 2025.10.30 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 51 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and