BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc announced that on June 10, 2026, Chief Executive Officer Clo Moriarty was granted nil cost options for 33,966 ordinary shares under the 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan, vesting in March 2028. This award compensates her for forfeited shares from a previous employer and aligns with the company's Directors' Remuneration Policy, with two-thirds of acquired shares subject to retention requirements after tax sales. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 11 June 2026 11 June 2026 DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS EXERCISING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS Dunelm Group plc ("Dunelm" or the "Company") announces that on 10 June 2026, Clo Moriarty, Chief Executive Officer, was granted a buy-out award under the terms of the Dunelm Group 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan in the form of nil cost options over 33,966 ordinary shares of one pence each in the Company, in respect of a forfeited 2026 bonus share award, which will vest in March 2028. The award has been granted in accordance with the Company's Directors' Remuneration Policy in connection with buy-out arrangements to compensate Clo for share awards forfeited by her on leaving her former employer. The vesting date has been determined so that the buy-out award will vest no earlier than the corresponding forfeited award. Further details of the buy-out arrangements will be included in the Company's Directors' Remuneration Reports for the years ending in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Any shares acquired pursuant to a buy-out award will be subject to the requirement that two thirds of them (after sales for tax) must be retained for the duration of employment and conventional recovery provisions. For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Luisa Wright/Simon Hockridge InvestorRelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications Rachel Farrington/Charles Hirst dunelm@mhpgroup.com DUNELM GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Clodagh Moriarty 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost options over ordinary shares made in accordance with the rules of the LTIP c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 33,966 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 33,966 Nil e) Date of the transaction 2026.06.10 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and