BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc announced that James Cooper, a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibility (PDMR), exercised 5,773 nil-cost options under the Long-Term Incentive Plan on December 8, 2025, outside of a trading venue. Subsequently, Mr. Cooper sold 2,722 ordinary shares at £11.15 each on the London Stock Exchange to cover income tax and National Insurance liabilities arising from the option exercise. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 09 December 2025 9 December 2025 DUNELM GROUP PLC (the "Company" or "Dunelm") NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS/PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CONNECTED PERSONS Dunelm announces the following transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PDMR") in ordinary shares of one pence each in the share capital of the Company. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name James Cooper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dunelm Group plc b) LEI 213800WCOWEI3T5DUV19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each ISINGB00BICQ739 b) Nature of the transaction 1. Exercise of nil-cost options under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 2. Sale of shares to fund income tax and National Insurance liability on exercise of such award c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. Nil Exercise of options: 5,773 2. £11.15 Shares sold: 2,722 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 1. 5,773 2. 2,722 1. Nil 2. £11.15 e) Date of the transaction 1. 2025.12.08 2. 2025.12.08 f) Place of the transaction 1. Outside a trading venue 2. London Stock Exchange (XLON) - Ends - For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Simon Hockridge, Director of Communications InvestorRelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications dunelm@mhpgroup.com Rachel Farrington Charles Hirst This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and