iBuildineyrie) X
HomelotiHomes:e

ui

mn

A14 21/11/2025 #7
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Performance highlights 2025
‘Aboutus
‘proposition

Strategy in ection:
Elevate our productotter

Chairs statement

‘Ourbusiness model

‘Navigating an evolving landscape,

14 Strategy in action:
Connect with more customers

21 Section 172{1) statement
22 Strategy inaction:

Harness our operational capabilities
74_CEUs review

30 icatore
z

34 Risks and isk management
co inte
a

53 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement FY25
57 Going concern and viability statem

Growing sustainably
Understand how weare applying our Good &
Cireular approach to sustainability,

Read our Sustainability Report 2025 hereand find
‘outmoreat
‘corporate. dunelm.com/sustatnability

Governance report
59 Chairs introduction to corporate
governan

B_Directors and offcore
4__Board dashboard and ac
68 Ourculture and values
70 Governance framework

74__Nomination Committee report

BO__ Audit and Risk Committee report

87 Remuneration ata glance

{8 Remuneration Committee report

114 Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

TH5_Directors' report

T19_Statement of Directors responsi

nial statements
121 _ Independent auditors’ report
127_Consolidated financial statements
‘T52_Parent company financial starements_

Otherinformation
158 _Alternative performance measures (APMs)
159 Advisers and contacts

How to use this Annual Report

IBRD Where you sce OR codes,
GE erent vaso onne

© _tiistoothercontent within isepor

© _bnkte content within
the Sustainability Report 2025

@ _vioconentontne

Strategicreport Governancereport Financlalstatements Other nformation DunelmGroup ple 1
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

Buildimg The Performance highlights 2025
Home of Homes:
Delivery and Ambition Tetalsaes Tuatalesgrowih Warkatchae? Rave customer

el,771m «3.8% 7.9% «0.8%

Financial Non-financial

We have delivered good and sustainable

growth in sales, profit and market share. . FYREELT0Em —PYRA 4K men ined
Geismar Poievowtar — Enpgenat — Eaedpeaiy at
Putting our strategy into action, we've also 52.4% Zim +7pts 6.5%
made strong progress with our growth plans, FY26S1.8% FY24 €205m Fy24-topts Fy2058%
through multiple improvements to our . Freocashflow’  Ordinarydividend Scope Tcarbon ___Own-brand products
customer offer pershare intensity varie ‘Conscious Chose”
827m 44.5p -54% 52x
28 £132m Fr24435p Fe SK Fr28 26%

Asan ambitious company. with a vision
tobuild the UK's most trusted and
valued brand for homewares and
furniture, we continue to see many
opportunities for our business.

‘Wet cach goneated fom operang anes st apa (pt ol daposab) na inerst paid inedng ened)
‘ndloan gansection cov ad ropaynant of pancipallomert fase abate

‘earomyergrovthinuntgue sce UE covers whe hve varected test oncain the 12 month June
2025, Mangement ertiaie sing Baroya cra

‘Score besed on espondes tothe querton Tw sy aro yout recommend Ounem a plac to wo rom
‘ureolengua survey chic conduct Brana acre dons natin Repu che

Rolemadelleaders we daoads Hoods of and above sndincade egana nd re couche but a preent
onotindude the Repco! elon

‘Theveductenin Scape I earbon emisionsin tonnes per afveveve, comperedto our bastion of V9.
(Cum brand product meng our Conscious Coie’ itn made wing more stainable mateale.

(out Pertormance

Ed
rr a basen croup |
REE ccouns200 ,

About us -

Helping our customers
to feel at home

Everything we do is centred on helping customers to
create the joy of truly feeling at home, guided by our
core principles and ways of working

Our visio! (Ourshared\valucs)

To build the UK's most Our four,key values remaimat|
trusted and valued the heartof ourbusinesst

brand for homewares

and furniture Cun eifisescerclinediaramn tay BUSHES ae -
Brust mayse anne 2D eee Bein’ Good:
Feaccn avenetene attiadssend oo” Bearers

AateperryOR TKDE HAISE a a wR

Stronger
together

=

Q

Financialstaements

Aboutus continued

The UR’s marketleader

With an unrivalled offer that appeals toa
broad range of customers, we continue to
extend our specialist expertise.

Whether they are efreshing the livingroom, __Thisis combined with an easy and convenient

‘orseeking bedroom storage, wehaveabroad shopping experience which includes advice and

proposition acrossa range of homewares inspiration across our stores and digital channels.

and furniture categories, catering forall styles

and tastes. We are an ambitious multichannel and
muli-category specialist, with customers at our

Asthe UK's market leader, we are trustedfor __heart. We are The Home of Homes.
‘our expertise in creating beautiful, stylish, and
quality products, providing unrivalled choice
and value for money.

Qrrdigh le trees. eee.
SMITE GAG TTT
eugene

1 Oigialncodes hore anvery Ck & alec oer and
tablet sed lest tore

Braeden lobubve Uk combined homewares nd frie

rare exuding chen canary ard batroam barre,

forthe 12 month June 2025 Martine VA

| Swstesiereport remnancerspert Financialsta DunelmGroupple
Annual Heportand Accounts 20:

Our investment proposition

Delivering ‘Our competitive advantages
strong returns

Market-leading brand]

sustaina

return (Unique operating model
sont bus Supeaes ADEM)
cialist product
ported by a
cing thriving
annels, and offering Read more on our
competitiveadvantages

combined bi
on pagel2

Dunelm delvers strong cath conversion and a
wall-estatitinl wal framework for returning ¢:

toshavel

rnagins theo What our advantages mean for investors
continuing oi

productivi

We have shown a resiliont ia

perforrning well acr

‘Sustainable

Good & Circular approach to
sustainable growth
We apply long-terrn decision-making and Compelling runwa}

impaction the : st WellestablisNed frameworl

Our strategy

| Sustesierepor a iistatements Other ii aoe °

An ambitious : Our three strategic pillars

strategy
. e de oem Increasing relevance
inaction “lewate! aud appeal using

our product our product mastery
Weare the market leader ina large offer § to extend our choice,
and fragmented market iotalling BY value. design and style
c£2abniactossa broad range of
ind furniture Read urease study on

Developing and
(Connect} expanding our

with more! channels to offer
(customers) an easier.more

personalised

experience
Click’ Cole

Mad : : " @kesdourcase mudyon
‘ pagel

(Hamess} cee ete
skills and systems
jour to transform our
the results comin proposition,
‘capabilities processes and

These plans are helping usto baila stonge:
vcore ean productivity | a
. @readourcasestudy on

FV
build The : ; Dedby prillisnteollencues powered byrour|

Pe Nira cue asues: POWLTEA Di
© kena pout our strategy in our CEO review na eatea tara [erowing technology,and datacapabilities)
fonpage23 -

[New shutter
[making technology]
mitaromsegsty

eure

four manufacturing journey)

within the given date)
discussed when | ordered)

(themand I had regular

updates fromthe delivery }
company.as to.when they) vA
Seen arene ay arrive\Very,satistied)

—§.d
7”

| Sestesterepore Governancereport

Chair's statement

Financlalstatements Other information

Continuing to deliver
value, choice and relevance
for our customers

We delivered another
good performance and
made strong progress
against our strategic
priorities, with a number
of exciting developments.

Introduction
Inthe last financial year, Dunelm has continued
todemonstrateits strength and resilience,
making good strategic progress and continuing
togrow sales, profit and market share despite
the challenging consumer and macroeconomic
environment.

ur focus remains on providing the best value,
choice and relevance for our customers,

combined with an easy and convenient shopping
experience, in order to drive sustainable growth
for the long term, whatever the market conditions.

Strategic progress
During FY25 we made strong progress against
‘our strategic priorities, with a numberof exciting
developments. As wellas continuing to open

‘more superstores, we opened a smal format store
in Westfield White City, bringing our specialist

‘homewares offerto inner London forthe first time.

We also made our frst strategic international
‘acquisition with the purchase of 13 Home Focus
storesin|reland. This gives us the opportunity to
connect to more customersina new geography
with ahomewares market of more than Ebn,

In Aprilwe acquired the brand and design
archive of Designers Guild. enhancing our
product and design capabilities with
‘opportunities to bring the Designers Guild's
heritage designs to a wider audience.

Inthe yearwe have also continued to develop
our digital customer experience through the
implementation of more advanced Al-ed tools
‘ondunelm.com, With more progress to come in
F¥26aand beyond, these various initiatives stand
Us in good stead to continue to grow and gain
market share

Pull-year results and dividend
Inthe year, we delivered another good
performance. Sales were up 3.8% 10 £1,771m,
‘and we again strengthened our gross margin.
Notwithstanding significantinvestmentin the
‘business, and despite facing additional
inflationary pressures, cited earnings per
share were up 3.2% to 76.8 pence.

We invested a higher level of capexin FY25; as
wellasthe investments noted above we also
took advantage of opportunities to purchase
two freehold propertiesin strong locationsin
the south-east of England, Our capital allocation
policy continues to balance such investmentin
the business with delivering cash returns for
shareholders and during the year we paid

a special dividend of 35 pence pershare.

Given the strategic progress made this year
and the Board's confidence in Dunelm’s future
{growth strategy, the Board is eecommending

a final ordinary dividend of 28 pence pershare,
resulting ina total ordinary dividend for the year
of 44.5 pence pershare (up 2.3%).

Being Good & Circular
Qurapproachto sustainable growthis embedded
throughout the business and framed through
three pillars: our Planet, our Communities, and
‘our People. Across cach of these we continue to
develop our approach and understanding,
including the most appropriate measurement
and targeting of key metrics. You can read more
aboutthis in our Sustainability Report 2025.

DunelmGroup ple 8
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

Under our Planet pillarwe use our Conscious
Choice’ riteriatoimprove raw materials
sourcing across our product ranges, and now
have overhalf(52%)of our Dunelm own-brand
products made from more sustainable materials.
‘We have also reduced ourScope 1 carbon
intensity by 54% since FYI9.

‘Once again, our Delivering Joy campaign was
a wonderful example of Dunelm’s important role
inthe Communities where we operate. This year
‘we more than doubled the number of gifts
donated to local good causes, to around 270,000.
‘This campaign also demonstrates the passion of
oure.12,000 colleagues.

{'m delighted that we've seen positive progress
incolleague engagement scores and ethnic
diversity amongst our leadership population,
‘and | thankall ofour colleagues for their ongoing
‘comritmentto making Dunelm a bigger, better
‘and more inclusive business.

cEOsuccession
Earlier this year Nick Wilkinson announced
his intention to retice from fulltime executive
life, having been CEO at Dunelm since 2018.
la Nick's customary way, this was well planned
toensure a smooth transition for Dunelm and
his successor.

Nickhas been a fantasticleader of Dunelm,
preserving the very best of the Company's
history and values whilst also modernising and
developing its capabilites

Beyond Dunelm’s strong financial performance,
Nick has overseen a significant transformation
inthe business. Having taken over what was 3
relatively immature online operation, Dunelm
isnowa truly muti-channet retailer; ourstores
remain at the heartof the business, whilst
‘digital’ now contributes 40% of total sales.

Strategicreport Governance report

Chair's statement continued

‘Alongside our shopping channels, our ongoing
commitmentto elevate our product offer and
improve the customer experience hasdriven
significant growth in customer numbers and
‘marketshare, positioning us strongly for
sustained growthin he years ahead,

This has all been delivered whilst managing
some incredibly challenging external conditions.
Most notable was the Covid-19 pandemic, but
Nick has also led the business through periods
ofrecession, political instability high inflation,
disruption to global supply chains and an
evolving technological landscape. Dunetm’s
continued performance through such conditions
istestamentto Nick's excellentleadership, as well
asthe business’ inherent strengths.

Nick leaves usin early October 2025 and on
behalf of the Board { want to thank him for his
‘enormous contribution to Dunelm over his
‘seven-year tenure and wish him every success
forthe future.

The very high standard of candidates
considered to succeed Nick highlights both

the quality of the business and the exciting
‘opportunities ahead. lam delighted that we have
appointed Clodagh (‘Clo’) Moriarty into the role
(of Chief Executive from October 2025. Clo
brings significantleadership experience and an
impressive range of skills from her 15 years with
Sainsbury's, where she has played a prominent
leadership role in driving market share gains.
Clo's blend of retail, digital and strategic
expertise willbea significant asset as we move
into Dunelm’s next phase of growth.|'m thrilled
we have been able to attract an executive of
Co's caliore, and Im really excited for her to get
started and continue to develop and deliver
Dunelm’s strategic priorities

Financialstalements Other information

Board
‘As previously announced, William Reeve and
‘Aja Taaveniku stepped down from the Board
during the year. Wiliam was succeeded as
Senior Independent Director by lan Bulland
{as Chairof the Remuneration Committee by
Ajay Kavan,

In May 2025 we appointed Katharine Poulter
as aNon-Executive Director. Katharine brings
abroad set of skills to the Board, including her
significantexperience in retail and other
consumer-facing businesses.

| share further detail on these changes in my
introduction to the Governance section ofthis

report. look forward to continuing to work with
the Board, who collectively support Dunelm with
astrong and complementary range of sils and

experience.

Looking forward

‘Aswe start the new financial year, we are excited
and optimistic about the future for Dunelm and

remain focused on our strategic priorities. We
have exciting plans in place to continue to
delight our customers as The Home of Homes.
These plans, along with our strong business

fundamental, give us confidence in continuing
our strong track record of delivering long-term

sustainable growth for the benefit ofall our
stakeholders.

Alison Brittain
Chair
9 September 2025

DunelmGroup ple
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

6

| Our new CEO
|

Introduction
toClo
Moriarty

iO

| Whatattracted youtoDunelm?
moth thrilled and privileged to be joining
Dunelm, a business Ive followed for many years.

i

| Ive always hada deep admiration for
businesses that are passionately driven by a
} unifying purpose. Dunelm has that in spades,
{ embracing ts central role inthe Home, the

} heartbeat ofits customers lives.

| Wwsalsoa business that clearly cares aboutits

| colleagues and has developed a unique culture
+ and setofvalues which define tsstrong growth
| mindset, all of which is evident from the outside.

‘There's fantastic platform to build on, both in
terms ofthe capabilities which have been
developed, and the advantages that come
from having both stores and digital channels.
Thisall brings an amazing opportunity to build
an even closer connection with customers.

@ read moreaboutctoinprecorsandotiers
onpagees

fa)

What experiencedo youbringtotherole?
Isee alot of parallels between my previous
roles and Dunelm, som certain that my
learnings from 15 years with a major UK
supermarket will help me to explore ways of
serving customers even more effectively.

Ive been lucky enough to have had
wide-ranging roles, covering Strategy,
Commercial Stores, Digital Channels,
Customer Experience, and Tech, sol'm
confident thatbbreadth of retail understanding
willbe valuable as get stuck n at Dunelm.

Working as.ateam, valuing different views and
perspectives, and co-creating new plans and
strategies is really importantto me, and I've
been lucky enough to work with some
incredible people in my careerto date.

Dunelm is ullof amazing talent, and m really
looking forward to harnessing that passion,
energy and expertise to help take the
business forward.

GSiricricicyor ee a)
we

Ourbusinessmodel

Building he)Home)

~ Our competitive: advantages :
© of

Read more on our sixcompetitive
advantages on page 12

rosie RRA
MD WesanorteattelcliniterD

proposition

Read about iton]

four)

‘Governanct)

Stakeholder value

Read about how wedeliver for our
stakeholders on page 12

‘Strategicreport Governancereport

‘Our business model continued

Our customer proposition
Customers are always at the very centre of our
thinking and we ate building from strong,
foundations, with opportunities to continue
developing an even stronger offer.

rong foundations

a'2.a trusted brand and established specialists
ineareector Authehear of ouroiferns¢

at consistently

Ernging that pred
eatvale, though i and competi

cessible. th

committed! 10
which att

‘Opportunities

Whilst well known in Our core tects

we see opportunities toertend

1, we are widlening
shop rong

ncateg

sais their hanes,

fe ate also exploring ways to give ou
more halp, through both inspiration a
Authe same time, we ate identi

build a nore personals

andengaging

Financialstalements

Other nformation

DunelmGroup ple

‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

Our Strategy

® Hlevate our productotter
BD connect with more customers
i ® Hamess our operational capabilities

Leabybrilllant colleagues,
) powered by our growing technology
‘and data capabilities

Being Good & Circular

As the UK's leading homewares retailer,

we have both a passion and an obligation

to do the right thing, recognising the social

and environmental joumey of our products.

This means remaining ambitious about being

‘a company that focuses on growing

sustainably, combining short-term actions

with long-term thinking and achievable goals.

+ Being Good & Cirulr is cenival ty Dunelin’s
business model

= We invegrate sustainability goats into our
operational plans and have introduced
science-based targets.

+ We focus on materials sourcing, product
innovation and circular desian to develop
‘our proposition.

+ By modernising oursites and operations,
we drive both cost and energy efficiencies.

+ Adhering to global sustainability regulations
rritigates compliance risks and strengthens
‘our market position,

* By focusing on sustainable supply chains,
we build resilience and reduce disruption.

+ Ourcommunity engagement enhances
‘brand loyalty and reputation, positioning
Dunelm forlong-term success.

+ Helping ourcolleagues feel at home drives
a better and more inclusive workforce.

@ reaemoresdou our approach incur
‘Sustainability Report 2025.

‘Ourhome the Planet

@

Our homein Communtties

Wehave ahome in Communities

Fe where our stores and sites operate.

Ahomefor our veopie

We are mindful thatthe Planet
provides the resources we useto
create our products.

We create ahome for the People

Gan, wma
(oa)
Protecting our Business

Ourstrong corporate and ESG
governance frameworks protect.
our business for the benefitof all
our stakeholders and preserve
value in our business.

Strategicreport Governancereport

‘UF buisness model continued

Our competitive advantages

‘Market-leadingbrand
Weare the market leader in large and fragmented
homewares and furniture market, with atotal share of
79% and significant scope to continue growing across
‘ourcategories.

Specialistproduct propesition
Our wide assortment of products offer quality, choice
and value, appealing toa broad range of customers

across different regions, ages and incomes. We offer
ood, better and best options across our assortment
and appeal toa variety of styles, needs and budgets.

‘Total retailsystem

urtotal retail system combines friendly and
knowledgeable service across our 202 stores, with the
convenience of browsing and shopping online. This
ives customers options to shop their way and also
brings services including Made-to-Measure, Home
Delivery and Click & Collect.

Unique operating mode!
‘Weare a homewares specialst with largely own-brand
productranges, giving us ahigh degree of control over
specification and sourcing, through long standing
relationships with our committed supplier partners,

‘Weltestablished values
Ourcolleagues are the heartof our business and fee!

2 strong sense of belonging. Driven by our shared values,
we create an inclusive environment for alto thrive,

Finandalstrength

We have a strong balance sheet and a capitallight
growth model, with a track record of delivering
sustainable, profitable growth and strong shareholder
returns, whilst continuing to invest forthe future.

@ resd more on our investment propostion on page

Financlalstatements

Other nformation

Duneime:
Ramses Accouns 2095

Stakeholder value creation

Customers
We offera comprehensive range ofrelevant
homewares and furniture products, at
‘outstanding value, with a purpose to help
‘our customers create the joy oftruly feeling
athome, now and for generations to come.

+0.8%

increase inactive customers?

GD coteasues

We strive to be a diverse and inclusive
‘employer for ourc.12,000 colleagues,
witha strong focus on progression and
a supportive environment.

+7 pts

Increase in employee net promoter score?

ED Communities

Ourstores and sites ae akey partoftheir
local communities, providing friendly
service and advice, a place to refuel and
relaxin our Pausa cafes, and contributing
tolocal good causes. We are opening in
new locations, creating employment and
‘extending our positive impacton
communities across the UK.

c.270x

ts donated to local causes through our
jvering Joy Winter campaign

[> Srrenetcers

We defverlong-term sustainable growth,
strong cash generation, a progressive
‘ordinary dividend and excess cash returns
to shareholders in the form of special
dividends.

£159m

total dividends paid in the yoor

© sorters

We work closely with our suppliers to
create and grow long-term value through
‘mutually beneficial partnerships, whist

‘maintaining the highest ethical standards,

99%

Invoices paid on time?

1ad more on how we engage with our
stakeholders on pages 16 t020

Taned on Gibbs UX crinedRamevareh ond Ke maa ecudng Lichen ened ond baboon ore fore

pevod rent he 2025,

rch nose scm UF cusemen who hve vara stlestonce inthe 12-momhaty Ane 205 Menogementesiuteang

Bordon an
Endges pb olin

| Baamaicrepent Governance report

Financlalstatements _Othernformaion

Market overview: Navigating an
evolving landscape
Ina fast-changing external environment. our resilient business model and strong track record of navigating through
periods of change give us confidence in continuing to deliver with ambition as we build The Home of Homes

DunelmGroup ple
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

UK consumer
environment

We've consistently grown our broad UK
ccustomerbase, with active customers up 0.8%!
in FY25 as we further strengthened our position
as The Home of Homes.

(Onaverage, customers shop with us around
three times per year. Whilst trading patterns
have remained relatively stable, overall
consumer confidence has been lacklustre due to
inflation, interestrates, politcal uncertainty, and
other external pressures.

Despite this, we remain focused on our strategic
priorities and are embracing how consumers are
feeling, Ouraimisto grow relevance by offering
better value, quality, choice and style for every
home.

D aevateourproductotter
D connectmorewith customers

Homewares and
furniture market

‘We sell homewares and furniture across the UK
and Ireland , and in the UK's £24bn? market we
are the market leader, with an overall share

of 79%

(Ourshare varies across our broad range of
categories —from low single digits in newer
‘areaslike furniture, to close to 20%in those such
astextles where we have deep expertise. In this
highly fragmented market, we see clear
‘opportunities to grow acrossall categories

Historically, our growth has been driven by
‘market share gains, and we remain confident
inour plans to continue towards ournext
milestone of 10% share in the medium term.

D ntevateourproductotter
D connectmore with customers

7 Grocch nig ecve UC cntomera wha fave vanaciod
Ietswonce inte 2 months to June 2025 anagermen
‘stint ting Barely data.

IT Ganod on GobaiOwa UX combined horseares ad fore
imaren eaeinghachen caine ndbelvoumfuritc, fo
‘he ronda re 2025 Maret tania.

Global supply
chains

Whilst our retail operations serve customers
inthe UK and Ireland, we utilise global supply
chains ~ importing around one-third of our
products directly (mainly from the Far East), and
‘more indirectly via our UK-based suppliers.

We are very experienced at managing this,
supply chain with our suppliers, many of whom
are long-term committed partners. However,
‘we can be impacted by changes in input costs,
aswell as disruption to supply chain routes.

We have responded well to such challengesin
recent years, applying ourstrong commercial
and operational grip to manage availability and
‘convenience for our customers, whilst managing
‘ourcostof goods alongside a strengthening
gross margin

D aterateourproductotter

Inflationary
pressures

‘We employ around 12,000 colleagues across
ourstores, distribution centres, customer
contact centres, and support sites. These
colleagues are at the heart of Dunelm and play a
vital role in delivering our customer proposition,

‘With employee costs now representing just over
40% of our operating cost base, recentincreases
inthe National Living Wage and employer
National Insurance Contributions have had a
significantimpact.

Tomanage these pressures, we're driving
efficiency across the business ~ through
continuous improvementin stores and supply
chains, smarter performance marketing, and
new technologies tke assisted self checkouts,
which are now being rolled out across ourestate

D tamess our operational eapabiities

oy Saco Ea

[Case study )
Connect)
jwith more)
(customers)

Developing and
expanding our channels

We connect with more customers through our
inter-linked channels (our ‘Total Retail System’)
and this year we've taken significant strides to

expand andl improve the shopping experience.

London
We alse opened our 20
Tyllil, Wak

with 60% of Dunelmcom
customers now seeing
bespoke productideas.

Weel —* TED

Using Al tooling

Morestore

openings
indifferent izesand
formats, including
atWestfield in
innerLondon.

BE ce

fa'signiticant milestone)

Tho menoneed Binsin an assets
8 sigpreea gant esfhe
Bee Coed irene aeitastens
ar aspired,
‘Bae ey eoetg pe Reh PYANLETIDY Rete
ance TagP

Rinesahae Aw ype eta
Apsamgueniadbew patna "UR
ing ate mR axeeyrgargr TE
Rabe tes at vse yy Creare
ReAOROT ‘Testst yOesbNp OG
se idiadiat eft maith

‘Peatenehemaionvianygcen
sumomaesD Oi: ase Day
ettigymian Deptt tu gloat
Poe Goomara ATTN st ae re
Prec tyindttont’ dbs crg hv aclg?
earner ener RQ gps Po T
Rexmaney) Fo sure
Raeoyrminth Aerarconditnay,

foam Thomasy .
Store CosclS Merny avai

| Seateaterepor Governancereport Financialstalemen's Other nformaton Dunelm Group ple 16
Annual Reportand Accounts 2025

Stakeholder engagement

Understanding
our stakeholders

By understanding what our key stakeholders care about, and considering

Examples of metrics used by,the)
Paneer ge
Board tomeasure the effectiveness)

of ourengagementy

their views, we can build more meaningful relationships and take fully Customers Colleagues
vi '* Unique active customer *eNPS
informed decisions that deliver value for the long term, y Se ec incienes
+ Total revenue + Retention
Key stakeholders Pages 661067 inthe Governance epor prov