qe EPA CLET STEHT

IMUM

man 2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

The Home of Homes

‘Ourmarket
Learn more about our
planstofurther grow
marketshare

‘engage with our
colleagueson page22

EY Strougleadershipteam

‘Scanthe QR code to watchour CEO.
Nick givea summary of our FY24 results
‘and future plans

Contents

Strategic report Governance report

2__Ataglance $7__ Chairs introduction

3 Aboutus 59 Compliance with the Code

@ Chairs statement 60 Directors and officers

& The Rome of Growih & Grip 53 Governance dashboard

8 The home of Ambition & 64 Governance framework
Innovation 68 Culture and v

0 Ourbusiness model

7 Board activities

12 Ourmarket

74__ Nomination Committee report

3__Ourstrategy

B1_Audit and Risk Committee report

14_CEOs review

Remuneration ata glance

20__ Stakeholder engagement

Remuneration Committee report

25 Section 172 statement

Directors’ report

26 CFOs review

Statement of Directors”
responsibilities

Sustainability
34 Non-financial and sustainability
information

Financial statoments

‘Our approach to risk 122_Independent auditors’ report
management 128 Consolidated financial
40 Principal risks and uncertainties statements
46 _TCFO report TST Parent company financial
statements,

BR Gning concern sad
viability statement

How to use this Annual Roport

Winer you suo OR codes, san
ion ‘owarchwdees one

Links to other content within
ssieport

Uinkto content within
he Sustainality Report 2026

Unkto content online

Other information
157 Alternative performance

| Ststesicreport Severance rpert financialstatements Other information | DunelmGroup ple
‘Annual Reportand Acco nls 2024

9|

Unlocking our full potential
as The Home of Homes

We have delivered another good performance despite a challenging
consumer environment, demonstrating the strength and resilience
of our business model. Whilst remaining focused on delivery, we are
constantly’ looking to learn and adapt, to talc advantage of the
exciting opportunities ahead of us. Weare extremely confident in
our planstountock our full potential and achieve our clear vision to
be the most trusted and valuable brand in homewaresand furniture
for UK consumers.

Read more about how we are the home of:

| Bustesicrepor Governancereport Financialstatements Other information Dunetm Group ple |
Annual Reportand Accounts 2024

Ata glamce

Weare The Home of Homes, always seeking to create
beautiful products and getting to know our customers
better, to help them create homes they love. ig

We area specialist retailer of homewares and
furniture, with a broad offer for all tastes and budgets,
with thousands of quality products at fantastic prices
sold across our 184 stores and on dunelm.com.

32%

digital sales

e288, OOO:

‘SKUs to suit every style a budget
‘across our broad range of homewares
and furniture categories

~~

No.1

market leader in
Uk homewares

(© forrelteciionstromsomest
fourtongestervingcolleaguesy—l
ec pages 693nd70

—___ \
| Sestesterepore Governance report Financial statements DunelmGroupple 3]

HELP CREATE
THE JOY oF

About us

omuldtne Uses TRULY
trusted and valuable
cto FEELING AT

Our purpose: i
To help create the joy of truly
feeling athome, now and for

generations tocome

:
: ¢
.
Being Good & Circular: On —
We are committed to and)
sustainable growth by being  (PatheMMsachomeTS
good and circular, as we seek emeomagest apie,

tolook after all of ourhomes
FN wivie nn
‘Stronger together keep Hstening)
. a

Ourjsharedvalues:
1)

this journey weare embracing
that we must

both creative . Long-term Learn more about our good and ctrcular approach
and collaborativ ° thinking tosustainability on pages 32and 33

| Sustericrepor Governancereport

Chair's statement

Financialstatements Other information

Delivering for our planet, our
communities and our people

lanother strong performance,
with Dunelm again delivering’

uring the last financial year, both the political
and economic environment have been
turbulent and consumer confidence has been
subdued, Despite this backdrop, Dunelm has
continued to attract new customers and
increase its market share through its broad and
attractive product range and focus on
outstanding quality and value.

(Over many years, our business has performed
well in both stronger and weaker economic
‘cycles. Tisis credit to the unique, specialist
offer which has been developed for our
customers, and the attractiveness of our
business model. This success is also delivered
by the thousands of amazing people who work
inthe business; in my second year as Chair, m
seeing more and more of the magic and energy
which Dunelm colleagues demonstrate every
day, and which drives the Company forward.

‘Over the past year, a focus on being The Home.
(of Homes has led to a further broadening of our
range of clevant homewares and furniture
products, at outstanding value across all price
points. At the same time, we have been
‘opening more stores, improving the digital
customer journey, developing our marketing
activity, and using technology and data to
improve both our offer and our infrastructure.

This culture of continuous improvement, led by
a strong and experienced team, has again seen
us grow sales, volumes, customer numbers and
market share.

Performance
Sales of £1,706m were up 4% on last year, driven
by increased volumes. Strong operational grip
has become a characteristic of Dunelm in recent
years and itwas demonstrated again this year to
increase gross margin, and support a proft
before tax increase of 7% to £205m. Diluted
earnings per share fell 0.8% to 74.4p, as aresult
of an increase in the effective tax rate, largely
due to the rise in corporation tax in April 2023.

(Our cash conversion and retums are key
strengths of the business, and during the year
‘we paid a special dividend of 35p per share.
(Our ordinary dividend for the year was up 3.6%
to 43.5p per share, continuing our track record
of impressive cash returns to shareholders, a
well as demonstrating our ongoing confidence
inthe business

Being Good and Circular
Sustainable growths ingrained in the day-to-
day operations ofthe Group. Being good and
circular is how we characterise our approach,
considering our impact on the planet, in our
communities and in looking after our people.

@ keadmore spout our approach on pages?
‘and33and incur Sustainability Report 2024

Planet
Central to reducing our impact on the planetis
giving close consideration to the design,
‘materials and manufacturing processes involved
in our products. In FY24 we have increased the

Dunelm Group ple 4
Annual Reportand Accounts 2024

number of products that qualify for our
‘Conscious Choice’ range, predominantly by
finding more responsibly sourced materials that
have a proven, reduced environmental impact
compared to their conventional alternatives.

We're also learning more about the lifecycle of
‘our products and have developed a circularity
strategy and circular design principles to push
ourselves forward, To increase awareness, during
the year our commercial teams were tasked with
‘Circular Product Design Competition, the
results of which have already led to a number of
products being created, including our Full Circle
sofas, which feature modular design and can be
taken apart for recycling at end of fe

‘Communities
am hugely proud of the way in which Dunelm
interacts with our local communities, from both
‘our stores and support sites.

This year our colleagues selected Age UK 2s our
‘new national charity partner, andi'm delighted
that we have committed to work with them for
the next three years to raise atleast £2m, with a
mmission of creating communities that fel lke
home for older people. We have also continued
to build on the success of our ‘Delivering Joy’
campaign. This was firstaunched in 2019 and
has strengthened each year. Last Christmas our
customers and colleagues donated a
remarkable 125,000 gifts across our stores,
istibution centres and offices, which were then
distributed to local communities and causes.

Strategicreport Governancereport

Chair's statement continued

People
During the year we celebrated the 40-year
anaiversary of our first store opening in
Leicester Churchgate, as the Addedey farily
built on the success oftheir Leicester market
stall, We celebrated the milestone throughout
the summer, including an extra ‘double
discount’ day for colleagues, a pop-up museum
at our Head Office, and a video celebrating the
recollections of some of our longest-serving
colleagues.

‘We now have €.11,500 colleagues across
distribution, manufacturing, customer contact,
store support centres and 184 stores, and!
thank them all for their ongoing enthusiasm,
commitment and dedication to our success,

We continue to strive to be an inclusive
employer where all our team members can
thrive. Whilst we still have much to doon
diversity, am pleased that we have increased
the proportion of our ethnic minoxity'role-
model leaders, which comprises ¢ 300 senior
leaders or those managing large teams, by
2ppts to 5.8%.

During the year we also launched ‘Reach; a
programme aimed at helping colleagues within
underrepresented ethnic groups achieve their
{ull potential. The programme focuses on
‘advancing skills, connections and uitimately
careers, and the first cohort of more than 60
participants graduated in August 2024

Board
We announced a number of Board changes
during the year. We have welcomed two new
Non-Executive Directors in Ajay Kavan and Dan
Taylor who bring a wealth of relevant and
complementary experience to the Board.

Financlalstatements _Otherinformation

Both Wiliam Reeve and Peter Ruis reached their
nine-year terms as Board directors. Peterleft us
‘earlier in the year and Wiliam will be with us
until the AGM, but will not stand for re-election,
| would lke to thank both Peter and William for
the very significant contributions that they have
‘made over their many years of service to Dunelm.

‘After the year end Kelly Devine stepped down
from the Board, having agreed to join Dunelmn’s
Executive Team as Customer Director. lam
pleased to continue to work with Kelly in her
new Executive capacity.

| share further detail on these changes in my
introduction to the Governance section ofthis
report, and look forward to continue working with
‘our strong and experienced Board, who
collectively have a fantastic range of skills.

Unlocking our full potential
Looking forward, whilst some of the lead
consumer indicators are beginning to look more
favourable, the sectors yet to show signs of
recovery. Notwithstanding this uncertainty, we
are very confident in the business and our future
plans. We have developed our strategic thinking
to focus on three key plas: elevating our
product offer; connecting with more customers:
and harnessing our operational capabilities.
Further detalis shared in the Chiof Executive's
review, and we are excited about the
‘opportunities these bring. We will continue to
investin these priorities, and are confident:
further delivering on our track record of driving
profitable growth and strong cash returns.

Alison Brittain
Chair
11 September 2024

DunelmGroupple
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2024

Performance highlights 2024
Financial Non-financial
aaaRTar maa
me £1,706 i 27%
set 61232163%m ce pm POTN
i on
088 a
0 pa! pra?’ pas GE Pro vey raz ea en)
ee, Tamanna
£205m A
beri hotter
Sage Se = ETO ap
oe ore Rae Raat
74.4p 43.5» 5.8% -53x%
Sune cane saan Bnet

Fran nchaded a Sd woot lr wrcory paring purpeven.On a crparate Steck bi tals wore {15530

2 GlobalDota Uk combined homewares end frre mut, exuding Lichen eine and bxdwoom utr forthe pv
‘hy 2023 ohne 2024 Por ou compurins ete,

2. Gromthin vdque ace customers he have artaced atleast one inthe 12 monshato June 2024 Managernet ernst ing

Beroy dat

Retenon nthepercertge cleaves om the sro hefner dy 2023) whe emalned amped nthe ond ofthe

anil eer une 2024 xing ay pared leave,

Road moron tho Alternative Performance
‘Measures table on page 157

4
‘falsadttey tenasrteath, stetetDntey AR,

‘Yor wolume growth

m +6.2%

Readmoreen pago28

PET margin

12.0%

FY23 118%

Readmoreonpage29

Strategicrepert Governance report

Financlalstatements —_Otherinfermation

‘The home of Balancing Growth & Grip continued

Throughout our history we have consistently
delivered profitable growth alongside strong
cash returns, driven by an enduring
commitment to ‘act lke owners: Ina challenging
consumer environment, we continue to balance
‘growth and grip: staying customer-focused and
making every pound count.

Staying customer-tocused
Growth is driven by our focus on offering
outstanding value, relevance and choice for our
customers across our proposition, which
encompasses our broad range of homewares
and furniture products and the convenience of
our total retail system.

We continue to focus on product development
to meet evolving customer tastes, We have
carefully managed our curated range extension,
increasing the number of available products for
ourcustomers, whilst maintaining a focus on
outstanding product quality and value.
Alongside this, we constantly seek to be better
and bolder with our product, increasing
differentiation and cross-category coordination
‘across our collections, whilst growing the use of
more sustainable materials

‘Across our total etal system, we have increased
the proportion of our online range available for
Click & Collect to «.50%. Our goal isto have
nearly all UKcheld stock available for next-day
collection, with a small number of specific
exceptions. We have also further expanded
our store footprint whilst making multiple
incremental improvements to dunelm.com
to reduce friction in the customer journey.

Making every pound count
Our strong performance over FY24 reflects the
inherent cesilience and strength of our business
model against the backdrop of a subdued
market. In a year where we grew pre-tax profit
ahead of sales, our commitmenttto tight
‘operational grip and control was fundamental.

We take a balanced approach to managing
profitability throughout the business. We
maintained pricing discipline across our value
tiers to deliver outstanding value, whilst closely
managing our input costs through good
planning and optimising our product
specifications and sourcing

Within our operating costs, whilst inflation
continues to be a headwind, we manage this,
tightly and take a continuous improvement
approach to productivity to drive savings,
without compromising customer or colleague
experience. Alongside this, we maintain a
long-term view of our priores and carefully
invest for future growth across our stores and

In FY24 we continued to grow sales in a tougher
‘environment, demonstrating the relevance and,
choice on offer for our customers. At the same
time, we expanded our gross margin without
‘any significant impact from price increases or
‘reductions, as we closely managed our input
costs including freight, aw materials and
foreign exchange.

‘Achieving this required an agile approach. In
particular, we faced disruption in the Red Sea,
‘causing delays to our main shipping route and
‘additional freight surcharges. This demanded
strong operational management from our
‘commercial team

Whilst we saw some smal challenges to the
availability of furniture in particular, we carefully
worked through these to minimise the impact
‘on our customers and ensure that they were
able to get the products they wanted, when
they wanted them.

DunelmGroup ple
Annual Reportand Accounts 2024

Strategicreport

£4Om

co)

Head moreonpage30

‘Own-brand products

now Conscious Choleo

C.26%

FP2315%

@

ounts2023 3

Strategicreport Governancereport Financlalstatements Other information

DunelmGroup ple
‘Annual Reportand Accounts 2024

‘The home of Ambition & Innovation continued

‘As market leader, we currently have a 7.7% share
‘of the combined ¢.£24bn homewares and
furniture market. Through continued innovation
in our customer proposition and outstanding
‘execution, we now see a clear pathway to 10%
‘market share in the medium term. Whilst ths is @
medium-term milestone, our ambition does not
stop thera, wth significant growth opportunities
across ll ourcategores.

Unlocking our full potential
In orderto full our ambitions we have evolved
‘our strategic approach, ensuring we are
developing and investing in the right areas to
unlock our full potential as The Home of Homes.
This is reflected in three strategic pillars:

1) Elevate our product offer
2) Connect with more customers
3) Harness our operational capabilities

We are benefitting from the improvements we
have made to our technology and data
‘capabilities over recent years, and our growing
confidence and ability o innovate using new
technology across our operations. Our strategic
pillars, in combination with our skilled
colleagues, can transform the way we amplify
‘our advantaged business model and best meet
the needs of our customers.

ead moreon the evolution of our strategy in
the CEO'sreview on page

Long-term thinking
“Ambition and innovation thrives at Dunelmn
because we take decisions fr the long term, 2
principle which has been inthe business since
its Beginnings and remains one of our core
values, This means we take multi-year
investment decisions, develop our future
Inaclars and make meaningful choices as we
steve tobe good and cular

Doing the right thing forthe long term is key to
driving sustainable growth and value forallof
our stakeholders.

‘clear pathway to farther market share growth

100%

_
som .
[a] a on
am fs
1. baba Ucentinadtonmenes annie men
tegen cneny and baton ear.

Innovation in product design
Producti at the heart of Dunelm and
innovation is central to the way we design our
own-brand ranges. Ths brings differentiation
from the competition and wider choice for our
customers

We're accelerating experimentation,
exploration and development and have created
"Dunelm Lab, a dedicated innovation team,
focused on new technologies, new materials,
and new manufacturing techniques to keep us
at the forefront of new ideas in homewares,

We are also working hard to ensure our
products have longevity. In our lighting
category we've designed our new Aurora range
toallow customers to replace the LED
component once itreaches the end of ts life, as
simply as replacing a bulb, meaning less waste.
‘And our ‘Full Circle’ Austin sofa range features
modularity, can be fully disassembled and
reassembled, and manufactured using
‘materials that can be recycled and repurposed.

' AU, MN

a Ld
Ensuring weare THI]
he Home ofiHomes

Th

Our purpose} \ (Our governance}
vision and values} © ©
e ———

Stakeholder value

Read about how we deliver for our stakeholders on thenext page