BETA Close X Dunelm Group plc has released its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ending June 28, 2025, alongside its Sustainability Report 2025. These documents are accessible on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for inspection. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for November 19, 2025, at 11:30 am at Watermead Business Park, Syston, Leicester. A proxy form is also available. The regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5R is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report and Accounts. Disclaimer* Dunelm Group plc 09 October 2025 9 October 2025 DUNELM GROUP PLC Notice of AGM, Annual Report and Accounts 2025 and Sustainability Report 2025 Dunelm Group plc (the "Company") announces that it has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 28 June 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting. The Company is also pleased to announce the publication today of its Sustainability Report 2025. Copies of the documents are available on the Company's website: https://corporate.dunelm.com. The Annual General Meeting will be held at 11:30am on Wednesday 19 November 2025 at Watermead Business Park, Syston, Leicester, Leicestershire, LE7 1AD. Copies of the following documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism : · Annual Report and Accounts 2025 · Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025 · Form of Proxy In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5R is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report and Accounts as uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the Company website. For further information please contact: Dunelm Group plc Luisa Wright, Company Secretary Simon Hockridge, Director of Communications investorrelations@dunelm.com MHP Communications Oliver Hughes / Rachel Farrington / Charles Hirst dunelm@mhpgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Dunelm Group (DNLM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 56 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 56 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 56 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 56 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 56 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and