Consolidated Income from Operations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our operating margin percentage decreased compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to increased employee costs . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our operating margin percentage decreased compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to increased employee costs and legal settlement losses. Refer to Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Clear Aligner For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our operating margin percentage decreased compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in gross margin and increased employee costs. Systems and Services For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our operating margin percentage increased compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by increased employee costs. 33 Table of Contents Interest income (in millions): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest income $ 4.0 $ 5.5 $ (1.5) $ 11.7 $ 12.3 $ (0.6) % of net revenues 0.4 % 0.6 % 0.4 % 0.4 % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Interest income generally includes interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and investment balances. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income decreased compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower cash and cash equivalents and lower interest rates. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income decreased compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower cash and cash equivalents. Other income (expense), net (in millions): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Other income (expense), net $ (0.4) $ (9.8) $ 9.4 $ (7.0) $ (15.7) $ 8.8 % of net revenues — % (1.0) % (0.2) % (0.5) % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Other income (expense), net, generally includes foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts, interest expense, gains and losses on equity investments and other miscellaneous charges. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other income (expense), net increased compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates and losses on equity investments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income (expense), net increased compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a gain recorded on our equity investments and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates. Provision for income taxes (in millions): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Provision for income taxes $ 50.0 $ 40.7 $ 9.3 $ 150.6 $ 147.3 $ 3.3 Effective tax rates 30.1 % 25.1 % 32.2 % 31.4 % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 21% for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily due to the recognition of additional tax expense resulting from U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, foreign income taxed at different rates, state income taxes, and expense in the U.S. The increases in our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 are primarily attributable to the change in our jurisdictional mix of income, recognizing a tax benefit related to the application of tax guidance issued during the three months ended September 30, 2023 , partially offset by a decrease in U.S. taxes on foreign earnings and remeasurement of Switzerland deferred tax asset due to Swiss tax rate change. 34 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Trends As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had the following cash and cash equivalents and and marketable securities (in thousands): September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,041,935 $ 937,438 Marketable securities, — 35,304 Marketable securities, — 8,022 Total $ 1,041,935 $ 980,764 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately $756.5 million and $784.7 million, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries. We continue to evaluate opportunities to repatriate our foreign earnings if or when needed. We do not expect to incur significant additional costs upon repatriation of these foreign earnings. We generate sufficient domestic operating cash flow and have access to external funding under our $300.0 million revolving line of credit. We believe that our current cash balances and the borrowing capacity under our credit facility, if necessary, will be sufficient to fund our business for at least the next 12 months. Our material cash requirements are as follows: • Our purchase commitments consist primarily of open purchase orders for goods and services, including manufacturing inventory, supplies and services, sales and marketing, research and development services and technological services, issued in the normal course of business. There have been no material changes to our purchase commitments for goods and services during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 . • There have been no material changes to our future operating lease payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. • For 2024, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to be above $100.0 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued expansion. Despite the challenging market conditions, we intend to expand our investments in research and development, manufacturing, treatment planning, sales and marketing operations to meet actual and anticipated local and regional demands. • In January 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a plan to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our common stock, $500.0 million of which had been utilized as of September 30, 2024. We continually evaluate opportunities to repurchase shares of our common stock depending on various factors including our share price and current liquidity requirements. Refer to Note 10 “Common Stock Repurchase Program” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details on our stock repurchase programs. On October 25, 2024, we announced a plan to repurchase $275.0 million of our common stock through open market repurchases beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024 and continuing through the first quarter of 2025. Refer to Note 16 “Subsequent Event” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details on this common stock repurchase. • As of September 30, 2024, we had no material sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. • As of September 30, 2024, we agreed, in principle, to settle certain legal matters for a total of $31.2 million. We expect to seek final court or administrative approvals, as applicable, in the second half of fiscal year 2024. Settlement payments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in the settlement agreements and/or court approvals. Refer to Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 35 Table of Contents • On October 23, 2024, we announced a restructuring plan to reduce costs by adjusting headcount for the existing business environment. We expect to incur between approximately $25.0 million and $30.0 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to severance and other benefits. Sources and Uses of Cash The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 452,153 $ 738,878 Investing activities (200,996) (182,619) Financing activities (152,703) (248,059) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 6,008 (11,205) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ 104,462 $ 296,995 Operating Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows from operations of $452.2 million resulted primarily from our net income of approximately $317.6 million as well as the following: Significant adjustments to net income • Deferred taxes of $17.5 million related to a decrease in long term deferred tax position; • Depreciation and amortization of $106.9 million related to our investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; • compensation of $134.9 million related to equity awards granted to employees and directors; • operating lease costs of $28.6 million related to operating lease cost; and • Other operating activities of $6.9 million primarily related to an increase in our bad debt allowance and accounts receivable factoring. Significant changes in working capital • Net outflow of $135.2 million in accounts receivable due to timing of collections and increased revenues; and • Net inflow of $47.6 million in accrued and other liabilities primarily due to timing of payments. • Net outflow of $60.2 million in deferred revenue. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $201.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and primarily consisted of a $77.1 million outflow for the Cubicure Acquisition, an outflow of $75.0 million for our investment in Heartland and purchases of property, plant and equipment in the amount of $92.6 million. Partially offsetting the cash outflows, is $43.9 million in proceeds from marketable securities. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was $152.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and primarily consisted of an outflow of $150.0 million for share repurchases and payroll taxes paid for equity awards through share withholdings of $28.0 million which were partially offset by $25.3 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan. Critical Accounting Estimates Management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported 36 Table of Contents amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures at the date of the financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and acquired intangible assets, income taxes and legal proceedings and litigation. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience and other assumptions as the basis for making estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition Our revenues are derived primarily from the sale of aligners, scanners, and services from our Clear Aligner and Systems and Services segments. We enter into sales contracts that may consist of multiple distinct performance obligations where certain performance obligations of the sales contract are not delivered in one reporting period. We measure and allocate revenues according to ASC 606-10, “Revenues from Contracts with Customers.” Determining the standalone selling price (“SSP”) in order to allocate consideration from the contract to the individual performance obligations is the result of various factors, such as historical prices, changing trends and market conditions, costs, and gross margins. While changes in the allocation of the SSP between performance obligations will not affect the amount of total revenues recognized for a particular contract, any material changes could impact the timing of revenue recognition, which would have a material effect on our financial position and result of operations. This is because the contract consideration is allocated to each performance obligation, delivered or undelivered, at the inception of the contract based on the SSP of each distinct performance obligation. We allocate consideration for each clear aligner treatment plan based on each unit’s SSP. Management considers a variety of factors such as same or similar product historical sales, costs, and gross margin, which may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation in making these estimates. In addition to historical data, we take into consideration changing trends and market conditions. For treatment plans with multiple options, we also consider usage rates, which is the number of times a customer is expected to order more aligners after the initial shipment. Our process for estimating usage rates requires significant judgment and evaluation of inputs, including historical usage data by region, country and channel. We estimate the SSP of each element in a scanner system and services sale taking into consideration same or similar product historical prices as well as our discounting strategies. For CAD/CAM services, we estimate the SSP of each element, including the initial software license and maintenance and support, using data such as historical prices. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 “ Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate, foreign currency exchange and inflation risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. In addition, we are subject to the broad market risk that is created by the global market disruptions and uncertainties resulting from macroeconomic challenges, geopolitical events, trade and other international disputes, including various military conflicts and consumer confidence. Further discussion on these risks may be found in Part II, Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Interest Rate Risk Changes in interest rates could impact our anticipated interest income on our cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities. Our investments are and securities. Fair market value of securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates. As a result, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, we had no marketable securities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. As of September 30, 2024, we are not subject to risks from immediate interest rate increases on our unsecured revolving line of credit facility. Currency Rate Risk 37 Table of Contents As a result of our international business activities, our financial results have been affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as well as economic conditions in foreign markets, and there is no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not harm our business in the future. We generally sell our products in the local currency of the respective country. This provides some natural hedging because most of the subsidiaries’ operating expenses are generally denominated in their local currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts for currencies where we have exposures, primarily the Euro, British Pound, Chinese Yuan, Polish Zloty and Canadian Dollar, to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are generally one month in original maturity and are marked to market through earnings every period. The gains and losses on these forward contracts are intended to offset the gains and losses in the underlying foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities being economically hedged. We do not enter into foreign currency forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to managing the risks relating to fluctuations in currency rates. It is difficult to predict the impact forward contracts could have on our results of operations. Although we will continue to monitor our exposure to currency fluctuations, and, where appropriate, may use forward contracts to minimize the effect of these fluctuations, the impact of an aggregate change of 10% in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar on our results of operations and financial position could be material. Inflation Risk The economy has been impacted by certain macroeconomic challenges which have contributed to a rising inflationary trend that have impacted both our revenues and costs globally, and which we expect will continue into the foreseeable future. If our costs become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. There can be no assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2024, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 38 Table of Contents Under the heading "2019 Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit," in Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we describe that in the first quarter of 2024, the parties to those derivative lawsuit actions entered into a settlement agreement. On August 2, 2024, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California granted preliminary approval of the settlement. A notice approved by the court regarding the final settlement approval hearing and describing the terms of the settlement, as well as a copy of the stipulation of settlement itself, is available on the Company’s website at https://investor.aligntech.com/derivativesettlement. Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discusses some of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the price of our common stock. You should carefully review this section, as well as our condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other information appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for important information regarding these and other risks that may affect us. The order we have chosen to list the risks below or the sections in which we have identified them should not be interpreted to mean we deem any risks to be more or less important or likely to occur or, if any do occur, that their impact may be any less significant than any others. These risk factors should be considered in connection with the statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because they could cause our actual results and conditions to differ materially from those statements. Before you invest in Align, you should know that investing involves risks, including those described below. The risks below are not the only risks we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Macroeconomic and External Risks Our operations and financial performance depend on global and regional economic conditions. Inflation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and demand, general economic weakness, and actual or potential recessions have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can adversely affect demand for our products. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, inflation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, consumer confidence and demand, general economic weakness, actual or potential recessions, pandemics, wars and military actions, employment levels, wages, debt obligations, discretionary income, interest rates, volatility in capital, and perceptions of current and future economic conditions. Macroeconomic conditions can, among other things, reduce or shift spending away from elective procedures, drive patients to pursue less costly orthodontic treatments, decrease the number of orthodontic case starts, reduce patient traffic in dentists’ offices, or reduce demand for dental services generally. Further, decreased demand for dental services can cause dentists and labs to postpone investments in capital equipment, such as intraoral scanners and CAD/CAM equipment and software. The declines in, or uncertain economic outlooks for, the U.S., Chinese, European, and certain other international economies have and may continue to adversely affect consumer and dental practice spending. Increases in the cost of fuel and energy, food, and other essential items as well as higher interest rates have and may continue to reduce consumers’ disposable income, which could cause a decrease in discretionary spending for products like ours. Inflation has and may continue to adversely impact spending and trade activities, and may unpredictably impact global and regional economies. Further, we cannot predict the impact of efforts by central banks and federal, state, and local governments to combat inflation, which could result in an economic recession or adversely impact consumer spending for a prolonged period of time. Higher inflation has and may continue to increase domestic and international shipping costs, raw material prices, and labor rates, causing an adverse impact on the costs of producing, procuring, and shipping our products. Our ability to recover these cost increases through price increases may continue to lag, resulting in downward pressure on our operating results. Attempts to offset cost increases with price increases may reduce sales, increase customer dissatisfaction, or otherwise harm our reputation. Any of these events could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We have significant international operations and sales and are therefore exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies that have and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a large portion of our net revenues, expenses, and net income are generated in foreign currencies. While we utilize forward contracts to moderate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities, our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations have and may continue to materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities, and cash flows that we do not hedge have and could in the future materially impact our financial results in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to foreign currencies. Our business could be impacted by geopolitical events, trade and other international disputes, war and terrorism, or major public health crises . 39 Table of Contents Geopolitical events, trade and other international disputes, war and terrorism, or major public health crises have and could in the future harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could materially affect our business with our customers and consumers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, and other business partners. Such events have and could result in, among other things, supply chain and trade disruptions, tariffs, trade sanctions, customs inquiries or restrictions, boycotts, reduced consumer spending, government shut downs, cyberattacks, energy shortages or power outages, energy rationing that adversely impacts our manufacturing facilities, rising fuel or rising costs of producing, procuring, and shipping our products, constraints, volatility, or disruption in the financial markets, deaths or injuries to our employees, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter, and medical supplies, telecommunications failures, and protests that may impact delivery of our products to customers or destruction of property. Tariffs, such as those on Chinese goods, and retaliatory trade measures in response may increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials used to make them. Increased costs could adversely impact our gross margin and reduce demand for our products. Foreign countries may also adopt or rescind other measures, such as controls on the import or export of goods, technology, or data, including personal data, that could adversely impact our operations and supply chains or limit our ability to offer products and services. These measures could require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers or restructuring business relationships. Complying with new or revised trade restrictions may be expensive, , and disruptive to our operations. Such restrictions may be announced with little or no advance notice and we may be unable to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts in a timely manner. Geopolitical events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, or major public health crises involving key commercial, development, or manufacturing markets such as China, Mexico, Israel, Poland, or other countries or regions have and may continue to materially impact our international operations. The impact to us, our employees, and our customers and consumers would be uncertain, particularly if emergency circumstances, armed conflicts, an escalation in political instability or violence, or viral outbreaks disrupt our product development, data or information exchange, payroll or banking operations, or our product or materials distribution. Additionally, our international operations could be impacted if such an event resulted in disruptions, interruptions, and limitations in telecommunication services or critical systems or applications reliant on a stable and uninterrupted communications infrastructure. Military conflicts and global pandemics have and may in the future materially adversely impact the economies in which we operate. For example, our commercial operations and research and development in Russia have been impacted by the conflict in Ukraine and we were affected by the pandemic. Our iTero operations, headquartered in Israel, are close to areas that have been affected by ongoing violence and military action in the Middle East, which may impact our employees as well as our iTero business and operations. Some employees and consultants in Israel have been called for military service in the current conflict in the Middle East and they may be absent for an unknown period of time. Furthermore, our facilities may be damaged. Our supply chains have been and may continue to be impaired as a result of hostilities, trade restrictions, sanctions, or boycotts. These events could disrupt ongoing operations and may materially impact the timing and cost of shipping of our products or our ability to operate out of Israel. Additionally, China’s territorial conflicts with other neighboring countries may impact our operations and sales in China. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of these events or the reactions by governments, businesses, or consumers and each event could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operations may be impacted by natural disasters, which may become more frequent or severe as a result of climate change, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers. Natural disasters can impact our operations and those of our customers and suppliers. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, droughts, hurricanes, wildfires, and extreme weather conditions can cause deaths, injuries, and critical health crises, power outages, property damage, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter, and medical supplies, telecommunications failures, materials scarcity, price volatility, and other adverse consequences. Climate change is likely to increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters and, consequently, the risks to our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our digital dental modeling and certain of our customer facing operations are primarily processed in our facilities in Costa Rica; our iTero scanners are primarily manufactured in China and Israel; our aligner molds and finished aligners are fabricated in China, Mexico and Poland; and we have other treatment planning operations and customer facing support in Poland, China, Spain, Germany, France, and Japan. These regions are susceptible to natural disasters. If a natural disaster occurs in a region where one of these facilities or those of our customers or suppliers are located, our employees could be impacted, we could lose valuable research, and our ability to create treatment plans, respond to customer inquiries, or manufacture and ship our aligners or intraoral scanners could be compromised, causing significant product and services delays and reputational harm. The effects of climate change could change the supply, demand or availability of sources of energy or other resources material to our products and operations and affect the availability or cost of natural resources and goods and services on which we and our suppliers rely. Business and Industry Risks 40 Table of Contents Demand for our products may not increase or may decrease for many reasons, including resistance to the innovative and nature of some of our products and services, which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our products require our customers to forego traditional treatment methods. For example, Invisalign treatment is a significant change from traditional orthodontic wires and brackets, and customers and consumers may not find it or preferable. A number of dental professionals believe Invisalign treatment is only appropriate for a limited percentage of patients. Additionally, our clear aligners and iTero products utilize digital technology and some dental professionals have and may continue to resist moving to a digital platform. Increased acceptance of our products depends in part on the recommendations of dental professionals, professional associations, societies, and organizations, as well as other factors including efficacy, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics, and price compared to competing products and traditional treatment methods. If demand for our products fails to increase, or decreases, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. Our net revenues depend primarily on our Invisalign treatment plans and iTero scanners and declines in sales or average selling price of these products may adversely affect net revenues, gross profit, and net income. Our net revenues are largely dependent on sales of our Invisalign treatment plans with clear aligners an d iTero intraoral scanners. Of the two, we expect the Invisalign treatment plans will continue to account for the majority of our net revenues, making the widespread acceptance of the Invisalign system by orthodontists, GPs, and consumers critical to our success. The average selling prices of our products, particularly the Invisalign treatment plans, are influenced by numerous factors, including the mix of product treatment packages and timing of products sold (particularly the timing of orders for additional clear aligners for certain Invisalign products) and foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, we sell different products at different list prices which may differ by country. Our average selling prices for our Invisalign treatment plans and iTero scanners have been impacted in the past and may be adversely affected in the future if: • we introduce new promotions, change existing promotions, or offer general or discount programs, product or services bundles, large account sales, or consumer rebate programs; • participation in promotions or programs unexpectedly increases, decreases, or changes demand in material ways; • our geographic, channel, or product mix shifts to lower priced products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • we decrease prices on one or more products or services in response to increasing competitive pricing pressures; • we introduce new or change existing products or services, or modify how we market or sell any of our new or existing products or services; • governments impose pricing regulations such as procurement regulations in China; or • our critical accounting estimates materially differ from actual results. To stimulate product and services demand, we have a history of offering volume discounts, price reductions, and other promotions to targeted customers and consumers and releasing lower priced products. These promotional campaigns and lower priced products have had, and may in the future have, unexpected and unintended consequences, including reduced net revenues, gross margins, operating margin, net income, average selling prices, and volume. Competition in the markets for our products is increasing and we expect aggressive competition from existing competitors, other companies that introduce new technologies or products in the future, and customers who alone or with others create orthodontic appliances and solutions or other products or services that compete with us. The dental industry is experiencing immense and rapid digital transformation. While solutions such as our Invisalign treatment plans, iTero scanners and CAD/CAM software facilitate this transition, we face competition from companies that also seek to introduce new technologies and products and companies that remain dedicated to traditional products. We may be unable to compete with these competitors or they may render our technology or products obsolete or economically unattractive, in particular as competitors incorporate artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning into new or existing services and technologies that facilitate changes in interactions, expectations, and treatment workflows. The number and types of competitors are diverse and growing rapidly. Invisalign aligners compete primarily with traditional wires and brackets and increasingly against clear aligners which are manufactured and distributed by new market entrants and existing competitors, including traditional medical device companies, laboratories, startups and, in some cases, doctors and dental support organizations (“DSOs”). Our competitors also include companies that provide clear aligners using a business model requiring little or no care from trained and licensed doctors, and doctors and DSOs who manufacture custom aligners in their offices using 3D printing technology. Large consumer product companies may also start supplying orthodontic products. Orthodontists, GPs, and DSOs have and may continue to sample competitive and alternative products and take advantage of competitive promotions and sale opportunities. Our iTero scanners are also facing increased competition from new and existing competitors. Our iTero scanners compete with polyvinyl siloxane impressions and numerous new or existing intraoral scanners, as well as traditional bite wing 2D dental 41 Table of Contents x-rays for detecting interproximal caries. We have and may continue to experience competition with our iTero scanners by competitors who introduce products at lower prices or with functionality that better meets customer demand. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products, existing competitors, new market entrants, or respond effectively to new technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Our success depends on our ability to successfully develop, introduce, achieve market acceptance of, and manage new products and services. Our success depends on our ability to quickly and profitably develop, manufacture, market, and obtain and maintain regulatory approval or clearance of new products and services along with improvements to, or refurbishing of, existing products and services. We cannot assure successful development, sales, or acceptance of our new or improved products and services. The extent and rate at which new products or services achieve market acceptance and penetration is a function of many variables, including our ability to: • successfully predict, timely innovate, develop, and launch new technologies, applications, features, and products to meet market needs and keep pace with changes in technology, customers ’ demands, and industry standards; • successfully, and in a timely fashion, obtain regulatory approval or clearance of new and improved products or services from government agencies such as the FDA and analogous agencies in other countries ; • and efficiently develop, manufacture, quality test, market, dispose of, and sell new or improved products and services offerings, including localized versions for international markets; • properly forecast the amount and timing of new or improved product and services demand; • allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; • ensure the compatibility of our technology, services, and systems with those of our customers; • anticipate and rapidly innovate in response to new competitive products and services offerings and technologies; • differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors as well as other products and services in our own portfolio and successfully articulate the benefits to potential customers; • manage the impact of nationalism or initiatives encouraging consumer purchases from domestic vendors; • qualify for reimbursement for procedures involving our products or services; • offer attractive and competitive products and service and subscription plans; • encourage customers to adopt new technologies and provide the needed technical, sales, and marketing support to make new product and services launches successful; • manage government procurement program restrictions; and • source and receive quality raw materials or parts from our suppliers. If we fail to accurately predict the needs and preferences of customers and their patients, or fail to offer viable products or services, we may invest heavily in research and development that does not lead to significant revenues. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new products and product improvements, we may incur substantial costs doing so and our profitability may suffer. Introduction and acceptance of any products and services may take significant time and effort, particularly if they require doctor education and training to understand their benefits or doctors choose to withhold judgment on a product until patients complete their treatments. In addition, we periodically introduce new business and sales initiatives to meet customers’ needs and demands. In general, our internal resources support these initiatives without clear indications they will prove successful or be without execution challenges. Should these initiatives fail, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. We may invest in or acquire other businesses, products, technologies, or other assets which may require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, or adversely affect our results of operations. Periodically, we have and may in the future acquire, or make investments in, companies, technologies, or other assets. Alternatively, we may be unable to find suitable investment or acquisition opportunities or be unable to complete investments or acquisitions on favorable terms. If we make investments or complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve desired synergies and integration, and investments or acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our customers, securities analysts, and investors. Opposition to acquisitions may lead to negative ratings by analysts or investors, give rise to stockholder objections, or result in stockholder activism, any of which could disrupt our operations or harm our stock price. Moreover, to the extent we make strategic investments, the companies in which we invest may fail or we may ultimately own less than a majority of the outstanding shares of the company and be unable to control or have significant influence over critical issues that could harm the value of our investment. We are subject to various risks when making a strategic investment or acquisition and integrating the operations and cultures of acquired businesses within our own, which could materially impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including that we may: 42 Table of Contents • fail to perform proper due diligence and inherit unexpected material issues or assets, including intellectual property (“IP”) or other litigation or ongoing investigations, accounting irregularities, or compliance liabilities; • fail to comply with regulations, governmental orders, or decrees; • experience IT security and privacy compliance issues; • invest in companies that generate net losses or are slow or fail to develop; • not realize a positive return on investment or determine that our investments have declined in value, which could require recording potential impairments; • need to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for an acquisition, adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, or the value of our common stock; • find it difficult to implement and harmonize financial reporting, forecasting and budgeting, accounting, billing, IT, and other systems due to inconsistencies in standards, internal controls, procedures, and policies; • require significant time and resources to effectuate the integration; • fail to retain key personnel or harm our existing culture or the culture of an acquired entity; • not realize material portions of the expected synergies and benefits of the investment or acquisition; or • unsuccessfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or acquired company’s or fail to successfully integrate the technologies acquired. Operational Risks Our operating results have and will continue to fluctuate in the future, which makes predicting the timing and amount of customer demand and our revenues, costs, and expenditures difficult. Our quarterly and annual operating results have and will continue to fluctuate for a variety of reasons. Some of the factors that have historically, and could in the future, cause our operating results to fluctuate include: • changes in consumer and doctor demand; • changes in manufacturing, packaging, delivery, and inventory costs; • the creditworthiness, liquidity, and solvency of our customers and their ability to timely make payments when due; • our ability to collect payments; • our acceptance of longer customer payment cycles; • changes in the timing of revenue recognition and our average selling prices; • seasonal fluctuations; • geographic, channel, or product mix shifts to lower priced products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • improvements to or changes in our products, capabilities, or technologies that replace or shorten the life cycles of legacy products or cause customers to defer or stop purchasing legacy products until new products become available; • changes in costs and expenditures, including in connection with new treatment planning and fabrication facilities and the hiring and deployment of personnel; • the timing of clear aligner treatment order submissions, acceptance, processing, and fulfillment, which can cause fluctuations in our backlog; and • timing and fluctuation of spending around marketing and brand awareness campaigns and industry trade shows. If we underestimate product demand, it may exceed our manufacturing capacity or that of one or more of our suppliers, we may be understaffed, and we may not have sufficient materials for production. Specifically, our manufacturing process relies on sophisticated computer software and requires new technicians to undergo a long training process, often 120 days or longer. Additionally, production levels for our iTero scanners are generally based on forecasts and historic product demand and we often place orders with suppliers for materials, components, , and finished products weeks or more in advance of projected customer orders. In addition, we may be required to purchase or lease additional or larger facilities and equipment to manage demand. As a result, if we fail to accurately predict demand, we may have an insufficient number of trained technicians, or an inadequate amount of materials, components, space, or equipment to timely manufacture and deliver products to meet demand, which could damage our relationships with existing customers or harm our ability to attract new customers. Conversely, if we overestimate customer demand, we may have excess staffing, materials, components, finished products, or capacity. If we hire and train too many technicians in anticipation of demand that does not materialize or materializes slower than anticipated, our costs and expenditures may outpace revenues or revenue growth, harming our gross margin and financial results. Additionally, to secure supplies for production of products, we periodically enter into minimum purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust inventory for declining demand. If product demand decreases, we may have excess space for manufacturing or insufficient space to store excess materials, components, or finished products. Responding to decreased demand may take time, and could lower our gross margin. We may make business decisions that adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policies and payment terms, promotions, development efforts, product releases, business structure, or operations. Most of our expenses, such as employee compensation and lease obligations, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations for future revenues. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period are below expectations, we may be unable to timely or effectively reduce spending to offset any net revenues shortfall. This variability 43 Table of Contents and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. We are subject to operating risks, including excess or constrained capacity and operational inefficiencies, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to operating risks, including excess or constrained capacity and pressure on our internal systems, personnel, and suppliers. To manage current and anticipated future operations effectively, we must continually implement and improve our operational, financial, and management information systems, hire, train, motivate, manage, and retain employees, and ensure our suppliers remain diverse and capable of meeting demand for the systems, raw materials, parts, and components essential to product manufacturing and delivery. We may fail to balance efforts to meet existing demand with future demand, including adding personnel, creating scalable, secure, and robust systems and operations, and automating processes for efficiencies. Production of our Invisalign aligners and iTero scanners could also be limited by capacity constraints due to a variety of factors, including labor shortages, shipping delays, our dependency on vendors for key materials, parts, components and equipment, the quality of or changes in product components, and limited production yields. Any such failure could materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we have established treatment planning and manufacturing facilities closer to our international customers to provide better experiences, create efficiencies, and provide redundancy should other facilities become unavailable. If one of these facilities is temporarily, partially, or fully shut down, we may be unable to timely fulfill orders, which may negatively impact our financial results, reputation and overall business. Our products and IT systems are critical to our business. Issues with product development or enhancements, IT system and software integration, implementation, updates, and upgrades, or software have previously and could again in the future disrupt our operations and have a material impact on our business, our reputation, and operating results. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of our complex IT systems and are dependent on key software embedded in our products and IT systems as well as hosted IT systems to support our operations, including cloud platforms. All software and IT systems are vulnerable to damage, cybersecurity attacks, or interruption from a variety of sources, including rapidly developing AI technologies. To effectively manage and improve our operations, our IT systems and applications require an ongoing commitment of significant expenditures and resources to maintain, protect, upgrade, enhance, and restore existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity threats, and changing customer preferences. Usage of online and hosted technology platforms by us, our customers, and suppliers, including remote working, teledentistry, and new or expanded use of online service platforms, products, and solutions such as doctor, consumer, and patient apps have increased the demands on and risks to our IT systems and personnel. Moreover, we continue to transform certain business processes, extend established processes to new subsidiaries, and/or implement additional functionality in our enterprise resource planning, product development, manufacturing, and other software and IT systems which entails certain risks, including disruption of our operations, such as our ability to continue developing and updating products that are safe and secure, track orders and timely ship products, manage our supply chain, and aggregate financial and operational data. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our products and our IT systems and those of our suppliers and customers may materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have a complex, global iTero scanner installed base of older and newer models. These models are continually updated to add, expand, or improve features with new hardware, or to provide repair or replacement parts. We have experienced hardware issues in the past and may in the future, including issues relating to manufacturing, design, quality, or safety, of which we become aware only after products or changes have been introduced into the market. We also have not been and may continue to be unable to ensure that third party components or changes to them will be compatible with, or will not have a negative impact on the functionality of, our iTero scanners. As a result, there have been and may be widespread failures of our iTero scanners or we may experience epidemic failures of our iTero scanners to perform as anticipated. We may not be fully prepared for, or have the infrastructure to, timely and adequately remediate or implement corrective measures for such failures, including due to our dependency on providers or suppliers. Consequently, any remediation may be and difficult to achieve, which may materially impact our customers and business partners, damage our reputation, and result in lost business and revenue opportunities, and could be materially costly. A significant portion of our clear aligner production is dependent on digital scans from our globally dispersed and decentralized installed base of iTero and intraoral scanners. Failures of all or any portion of our or software or other components or systems to interoperate with iTero or scanners, termination of interoperability with scanners, malware or ransomware attacks, product or system vulnerabilities or defects, interference or disruptions for us, our customers, labs or other business partners in the use of our products or the transmission or processing of data needed for the use or ordering of our products, or a system outage for any reason have harmed our operations previously and in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to accept scans, manufacture clear aligners or restorative procedures or treatments and services, or otherwise service our customers. Any of these events could harm our sales, damage our reputation, adversely impact our strategic partners, or result in litigation. 44 Table of Contents Additionally, we continuously upgrade and issue new releases of software applications upon which customer facing manufacturing and treatment planning operations depend. Software applications and products containing software frequently contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or released. Additionally, the software integrated into or interoperable with our products and services will routinely reach end of life, and as a consequence, certain applications and models of our iTero scanners may be exposed to additional vulnerabilities, including increased security risks, errors, and malfunctions that may be irreparable or difficult to repair. The discovery of a defect, error, or security vulnerability in our products, software applications, or IT systems, incompatibility with customers’ computer operating systems and hardware configurations with a new release or upgraded version or the failure of our products or primary IT systems, which we are unable to cure in a timely fashion, may cause adverse consequences, including delay or loss of revenues, significant remediation costs, delay in market acceptance, loss of data, disclosure of financial, health or other personal information of our customers or their patients, product recalls, damage to our reputation, loss of market share or increased service costs, any of which could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of our operations and the operations of our customers or our business partners. We are highly dependent on suppliers, some of whom are sole source suppliers, for certain key machines, components and materials, and our business and operating results could be harmed if supply is restricted or ends or the price materially increases. We are highly dependent on our supply chain, particularly manufacturers of specialized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin, and other advanced materials, as well as the optics, electronic, and other mechanical components of our iTero scanners. We maintain single supply relationships for many of these machines and materials. By using single suppliers in limited locations for materials and manufacturing, we are exposed to multiple supply chain vulnerabilities. We are reliant upon manufacturers that we contract with for quality and stability and any failures on their part may have an impact on our ability to supply our products. Because of our dependence on our suppliers, changes in key relationships can materially disrupt our supply chain. For instance, we may be unable to quickly establish or qualify replacement suppliers creating production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies. Finding substitute manufacturers may be expensive, , or impossible and could result in significant interruptions in the supply of one or more products, product retesting, or additional product registration causing us to lose revenues and damage customer relationships. Technology changes by our service providers, vendors, and other third parties could disrupt access to required manufacturing capacity or require expensive, development efforts to adapt and integrate new equipment or processes. In the event of technology changes, delivery delays, labor stoppages or shortages, or increases in price for these items, sales may decrease and our business and prospects may be harmed. We use distributors for a portion of the importation, marketing, and sales of our products and services, which exposes us to risks to our sales, operations, and reputation, including the risk that these distributors do not comply with applicable laws or our internal procedures. In addition to our direct sales force, we have and expect to continue to use distributors to import, market, sell, service, and support our products. Our distribution agreements are generally and terminable by either party with customary notice. If alternative distributors cannot be quickly found and trained in the use, marketing, sales, and support of our products and services, our revenues and ability to sell or service our products in key markets could be adversely affected. These distributors may also choose to sell alternative or competing products or services. In addition, we may be held responsible for the actions of these distributors and their employees and agents for compliance with laws and regulations, including fair competition, bribery and corruption, trade compliance, safety, data privacy, false advertising or unfair and deceptive trade practices, and marketing and sales activities. The conduct of these distributors also impacts our reputation and our brand. If our distributors fail to satisfy customers, our reputation and brand loyalty could be harmed. A distributor may also affect our ability to effectively market our products in certain foreign countries or regulatory jurisdictions if it holds the regulatory authorization in such countries or within such regions and causes, by action or inaction, the suspension of such marketing authorization or sanctions for or prevents us from taking control of any such authorization. It may be difficult, expensive, and for us to market access or regulatory compliance. A disruption in the operations of a primary freight carrier, higher shipping costs, or shipping delays could disrupt our supply chain and impact our operating and financial results. We are dependent on commercial freight carriers, primarily United Parcel Service, Inc. (“UPS”), to deliver our products. If the operations of carriers are disrupted or we fail to mitigate any disruptions, we may be unable to timely deliver products to our customers who may choose alternative products, causing our net revenues and gross margin to decline, possibly materially. Moreover, when fuel costs increase, our freight costs generally do so as well. In addition, we earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales, which carry higher shipping costs that negatively impact our gross margin and results of operations. If freight costs materially increase and we are unable to successfully pass all or significant portions of the increases along to our customers, or we cannot otherwise offset such increases, our gross margin and financial results could be materially affected. 45 Table of Contents Our success depends on our personnel. If we cannot attract, motivate, train or retain personnel, it may be difficult to achieve our strategic priorities, materially affecting our results of operations. We are highly dependent on the talent and efforts of our personnel. We strive to retain our personnel by providing competitive compensation and benefits, development opportunities and training, flexible work options, and an inclusive corporate culture. However, competition for personnel, particularly technical and digital talent, is intense, and our competitors have and are likely to continue to recruit our personnel. Our compensation and benefit arrangements may not successfully attract new personnel or retain and motivate existing personnel. In addition, other internal and external factors can impact our ability to hire and retain talent, including insufficient advancement or career opportunities, or hybrid work policies, and restrictive immigration policies . The loss of any key personnel, particularly executive management, research and development personnel, or sales personnel, could harm our business and prospects and impede the achievement of our research and development, operational or strategic objectives. We provide significant training to our personnel and our business will be harmed if our training fails to properly prepare them to perform the work required, we are unable to successfully instill technical expertise in new and existing personnel, or if our techniques prove unsuccessful or are not . Moreover, for certain roles, this training and experience can make key personnel, such as our sales personnel, highly desirable to competitors and lead to increased attrition. It can take up to twelve months or more to train sales representatives to successfully market and sell our products and for them to establish strong customer relationships. The loss of the services and knowledge of our personnel may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and business objectives. Additionally, seamless leadership transitions for key positions are critical to sustaining our culture and organizational success. If our succession planning is ineffective, it could adversely impact our business. We continually assess key personnel that we believe are essential to our success. Moreover, future organizational changes may cause attrition rates to increase. If we fail to effectively manage any organizational or strategic changes, our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate, and retain key personnel, may be harmed. We have adopted a hybrid work schedule in many of our offices, allowing employees to collaborate and connect with others several days each week while providing the option to work remotely other days. This hybrid work approach may create challenges with maintaining our corporate culture, employee satisfaction, and hiring, promotion, and retention. We believe a key to our success has been the culture we have created that emphasizes a shared vision and core values of agility, customer success, and accountability. We have experienced and may continue to experience in the future, difficulties attracting and retaining personnel that meet the qualifications, experience, compliance mindset, and values we expect. If we cannot attract and retain personnel that meet our selection criteria or relax our standards, our corporate culture, ability to achieve our strategic objectives, and our compliance with obligations under our internal controls and other requirements may be harmed. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to maintain market share. We have personnel represented by works councils and trade unions in certain countries and others that may be or may become eligible to be represented by works councils, trade unions and other employee associations. Labor disputes and work stoppages involving our personnel may disrupt our operations and could materially impact our results or operations. We depend on our marketing activities to deepen our market penetration and raise awareness of our brands and products, which may prove unsuccessful or may become less effective or more costly to maintain in the long term. Our marketing efforts and costs are significant and include national and regional campaigns in multiple countries involving television, print, and social media and alliances with professional sports teams, social media influencers, and other strategic partners. There is no assurance our advertising campaigns will achieve the returns on advertising spend desired, increase brand or product awareness sufficiently, or generate goodwill and positive reputational goals. Moreover, should any entity or individual endorsing us or our products take actions, make or publish statements in support of, or lend support to events or causes which are perceived by a portion of society negatively, our sponsorships or support of these entities or individuals may be questioned, our products boycotted, and our reputation harmed, any of which could materially affect our financial results and business overall. In addition, various countries prohibit certain types of marketing activities. For example, some countries restrict direct to consumer advertising of medical devices. We have in the past and may again in the future be alleged to violate marketing restrictions and be ordered to stop certain marketing activities or prevented from selling our products. Moreover, competitors do not always follow these restrictions, creating an unfair advantage and making it more difficult and costly to compete. Additionally, we rely heavily on data generated from our campaigns to target specific audiences and evaluate their effectiveness, particularly data generated from internet activities on mobile devices. To obtain this data, we are dependent on third parties and popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems, and mobile browsers. Changes in such systems that degrade or eliminate our ability to target or measure the results of ads or increase costs to target audiences could adversely affect our campaigns. Operating systems could also include data privacy settings that may limit our ability to interpret, target and measure ads effectively. 46 Table of Contents Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks We are subject to antitrust and competition regulations, litigation, and enforcement that may result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our business practices, and product or operational changes which could materially impact our business. We currently are and may in the future be subject to antitrust, competition, or unfair competition related investigations, enforcement actions, or claims by governmental agencies, competitors, consumers, customers, and others which, even if unfounded, could cause us to incur substantial costs, enter into settlements, consents, be subject to judgments, involve negative publicity, and divert management time and attention, which may materially impact our results of operations. Resolving these matters may require us to change our business practices in materially adverse ways. Governments and regulators are actively developing new competition laws and regulations aimed at the technology sector, AI and digital platforms, and global activities and expansion, including in large markets such as the United States, the European Union (“EU”), and China. In Europe, the EU AI Act entered into force on August 1, 2024 and will become fully applicable on August 2, 2026, with some provisions already applying beginning in February 2025. Although we do not engage in developing or providing AI systems that would qualify as “prohibited AI practices,” restrictions and obligations under this regulation, to the extent applicable to us, could increase costs and burdens to us and our customers, and delay or halt deployment of new products and services, which may have a negative impact on our business and financial results. Government regulatory actions and court decisions may result in fines or hinder our ability to provide certain benefits to our consumers, reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue derived from them. These actions and decisions may also hinder our ability to pursue certain mergers, acquisitions, business combinations, or other transactions. Failure to obtain or maintain approvals or comply with regulations regarding our products or services or those of our suppliers could materially harm our sales, result in substantial penalties and fines, interrupt our supply chain, and cause harm to our reputation. We and many of our healthcare provider customers, suppliers, and distributors are subject to extensive and frequently changing regulations under numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws, including those regulating: • the storage, transmission, processing, and disclosure of personal, financial, and medical information as well as healthcare records; • processing and use of children’s personal and health data; • websites and application advertising that collect and use personal data for marketing purposes; • prohibitions against the offer, payment, or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services or goods or to induce the order, purchase, or recommendation of our products; and • the design, manufacture, marketing, and advertising of our products. The healthcare and technology markets are also highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic, and regulatory influences. Global regulators are expanding and changing regulations and guidance for products, which can limit the potential benefits of products and cause protracted review timelines for new products. Our critical vendors and service providers are similarly subject to various regulations. Our failure or the failure of our suppliers, customers, advertisers, consultants, and influencers to strictly adhere to clearances or approvals in the labeling, marketing, and sales of our products and services could subject us to claims or litigation, including allegations of false or misleading advertising or violations of laws or regulations, which may result in costly investigations, fines, penalties, as well as material judgments, settlements or decrees. We are also subject to complex, new and changing environmental, health and safety regulations. There can be no assurance we will adequately address the business risks associated with the implementation and compliance with such laws and our internal processes and procedures to comply with such laws or that we will be able to take advantage of any resulting business opportunities. Furthermore, before we can sell a new medical device or market a new use of, or claim for, an existing product, we frequently must obtain clearance or approval to do so. For instance, in the United States, FDA regulations are wide ranging and govern, among other things, product design, product materials, development, manufacturing and testing, product labeling, and product storage. It takes significant time, effort, and expense to obtain and maintain clearances and approvals of products and services, and there is no guarantee we will timely succeed, if at all, in the countries in which we do business. In other countries, the requirements, time, effort, and expense to obtain and maintain clearances may differ materially from those of the FDA. Moreover, these laws may change, resulting in additional time, expense, or loss of market access. If requirements to market our products or services are delayed, we may be unable to offer them in markets we deem important. Additionally, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement actions with sanctions including, among other things, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. Delays or failures to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals, clearances or to comply with regulatory requirements may materially harm our domestic or international operations, and adversely impact our business. We and certain of our vendors must also comply with and adhere to facility registration and product listing requirements for Quality System regulations. The FDA enforces its Quality System regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. Failure to satisfactorily correct an adverse inspection finding or to comply with applicable manufacturing 47 Table of Contents regulations can result in enforcement actions, or require us to find alternative manufacturers, which could be a long and costly process and may cause reputational harm. Enforcement actions by regulators could have a material effect on our business. We are also subject to and (“ABAC”) laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, which generally prohibit payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or maintaining business, securing an advantage, and directing business to another. To comply with ABAC laws, regulators require that we maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, we may be held liable for corruption by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives. In addition, while we have policies requiring compliance with applicable laws and regulations and we provide significant training to foster compliance, our employees, third parties acting on our behalf, and customers may not properly adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations, including the use of certain electronic communications and maintaining accurate books and records. If our personnel or the personnel of our agents or suppliers fail to comply with any laws, regulations, policies, or procedures, or we fail to audit and enforce compliance, our reputation may be harmed, we may lose customers or revenues, or we may face regulatory investigations, actions, and fines. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed its longstanding approach under the Chevron doctrine, which provided for judicial deference to regulatory agencies, including the FDA. We cannot be sure whether there will be increased challenges to existing agency regulations or how lower courts will apply the decision in the context of other regulatory schemes without more specific guidance from the U.S. Supreme Court as a result of this decision. For example, this decision may result in more companies bringing lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions and policies of the FDA, which could undermine the FDA's authority, lead to uncertainties in the industry, and disrupt the FDA’s normal operations, which could impact the timely review of any regulatory filings or applications we submit to the FDA. Security breaches, data breaches, cybersecurity attacks, other cybersecurity incidents, or the failure to comply with privacy, security, and data protection laws could materially adversely impact our operations and patient care, and we could be liable for damages, and our business, operations, and reputation could be harmed. We retain confidential employee, applicant, and customer personal, health and financial, and our own proprietary information and data essential to our business operations. We rely on the effectiveness of our IT systems, our policies and contracts and policies of our vendors, and the IT systems of our service providers and other third parties to safeguard the information and data. Additionally, our cybersecurity controls depend on our healthcare providers, many of whom are individual or small operations with limited IT experience and inadequate or untested security protocols, to successfully manage data privacy and security requirements. It is critical that the facilities, infrastructure, and IT systems on which we depend and the products we develop remain secure and be perceived by the marketplace and our customers as secure. Despite the implementation of security features in our products and security measures in our IT systems, we and our service providers, vendors, and other third parties could be targeted by or subject to physical , computer viruses and other malicious code, unauthorized or fraudulent access, programming errors or other technical malfunctions, hacking or phishing attacks, malware, ransomware, employee error or malfeasance, cybersecurity attacks, malicious code from common open source code, and other breaches of IT systems or similar disruptive actions, including by organized groups and actors, which may limit the availability of our systems and result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. For example, we have experienced, and may again experience in the future, cybersecurity incidents, data incidents, and unauthorized internal employee exfiltration of company information. This risk is exacerbated with the advancement of technologies like AI, which malicious third parties are using to create new, more sophisticated and more frequent attacks. Further, the frequency and sophistication of cybersecurity attacks is increasing. Significant service disruptions, breaches in our infrastructure and IT systems, or other cybersecurity incidents could expose us to litigation or regulatory investigations, impair our reputation and competitive position, be distracting to management, and require significant time and resources to address. Legal or regulatory action against us could prevent us from resolving issues quickly or force us to resolve them in unanticipated ways, cause u

[truncated]