Consolidated Income from Operations. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, our operating margin percentage decreased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to lower gross margin from our clear aligner reportable segment and an increase in legal settlement losses. Refer to Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Clear Aligner For the three months ended March 31, 2025, our operating margin percentage decreased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in gross margin and a decrease in operating leverage primarily due to higher marketing spend. Systems and Services For the three months ended March 31, 2025, our operating margin percentage increased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to operating leverage partially offset by lower gross margin. Interest income (in millions): Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Change Interest income $ 5.3 $ 4.4 $ 0.9 % of net revenues 0.5 % 0.4 % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Interest income generally includes interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and investment balances. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, interest income increased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher cash and cash equivalents. Other income (expense), net (in millions): Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Change Other income (expense), net $ 4.0 $ (0.1) $ 4.2 % of net revenues 0.4 % — % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 30 Table of Contents Other income (expense), net, generally includes foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts, interest expense, gains and losses on equity investments and other miscellaneous charges. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, other income (expense), net increased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates partially offset by a gain recorded on our equity investments in the first quarter of 2024. Provision for income taxes (in millions): Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Change Provision for income taxes $ 47.2 $ 53.4 $ (6.1) Effective tax rates 33.6 % 33.7 % Changes and percentages are based on actual values. Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 21% for both the three month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 primarily due to the recognition of additional tax expense resulting from U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, foreign income taxed at different rates, state income taxes and expense in the U.S. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 is primarily attributable to the change in our jurisdictional mix of income, a decrease in U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, partially offset by remeasurement of Switzerland deferred tax asset due to Swiss tax rate change in 2024 and lower excess tax benefits from compensation. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Trends As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of $873 million and $1,044 million, respectively, of which approximately $740 million and $855 million, respectively, were held by our foreign subsidiaries. We continue to evaluate opportunities to repatriate our foreign earnings if or when needed. We do not expect to incur significant additional costs upon repatriation of these foreign earnings. We generate sufficient operating cash flow from our domestic operations and have access to $300 million under our revolving line of credit. We believe that our current cash balances and the borrowing capacity under our credit facility, if necessary, will be sufficient to fund our business for at least the next 12 months. Our material cash requirements as of March 31, 2025 are as follows: • Our purchase commitments consist primarily of open purchase orders for goods and services, including manufacturing inventory, supplies and services, sales and marketing, research and development services and technological services, issued in the normal course of business. There have been no material changes to our purchase commitments for goods and services during the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. • There have been no material changes to our future operating lease payments during the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. • We expect our investments in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2025 to be between $100 million and $150 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to technology upgrades as well as additional manufacturing capacity in support of our continued expansion. Despite the challenging market conditions, we intend to continue to invest in research and development, manufacturing and treatment planning to meet actual and anticipated demand. • In April 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a plan to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our common stock, none of which has been utilized. We continually evaluate opportunities to repurchase shares of our common stock depending on various factors including our share price and current liquidity requirements. Refer to Note 10 “Common Stock Repurchase Program” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details on our stock repurchase programs. 31 Table of Contents • As of March 31, 2025, we had no material sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. • As of March 31, 2025, we agreed, in principle, to settle a legal matter for a total of $31.75 million. We expect to seek court or administrative approvals, as applicable, in the second quarter of 2025. Settlement payments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in the settlement agreements and/or court approvals. Refer to Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Sources and Uses of Cash The following table summarizes our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Net cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 52,676 $ 28,664 Investing activities (25,289) (79,584) Financing activities (206,756) (11,716) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 8,480 (9,004) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ (170,889) $ (71,640) Operating Activities For the three months ended March 31, 2025, cash flows from operations of $53 million resulted primarily from our net income of approximately $93 million as well as the following: Significant adjustments to net income • Deferred taxes of $34 million related to a decrease in our long term deferred tax position; • Depreciation and amortization of $39 million related to our investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; • compensation of $45 million related to equity awards granted to employees and directors; • operating lease costs of $9 million related to operating lease cost; and • Other operating activities of $3 million primarily related to an increase in our bad debt allowance. Significant changes in working capital • Net outflow of $65 million in accounts receivable due to timing of collections; • Net outflow of $68 million in accrued and other liabilities primarily due to the payment of fiscal year 2024 bonuses; and • Net outflow of $35 million in deferred revenue. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $25 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 which was solely related to purchases of property, plant and equipment. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was $207 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and primarily consisted of an outflow of $201 million for share repurchases and payroll taxes paid for equity awards through share withholdings of $20 million which were partially offset by $14 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan. Critical Accounting Estimates 32 Table of Contents Management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures at the date of the financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and acquired intangible assets, income taxes and legal proceedings and litigation. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience and other assumptions as the basis for making estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition Our revenues are derived primarily from the sale of aligners, scanners and services from our Clear Aligner and Systems and Services segments. We enter into sales contracts that may consist of multiple distinct performance obligations where certain performance obligations of the sales contract are not delivered in one reporting period. We measure and allocate revenues according to ASC 606-10, “Revenues from Contracts with Customers.” Determining the standalone selling price (“SSP”) in order to allocate consideration from the contract to the individual performance obligations is the result of various factors, such as historical prices, changing trends and market conditions, costs and gross margins. While changes in the allocation of the SSP between performance obligations will not affect the amount of total revenues recognized for a particular contract, any material changes could impact the timing of revenue recognition, which would have a material effect on our financial position and result of operations. This is because the contract consideration is allocated to each performance obligation, delivered or undelivered, at the inception of the contract based on the SSP of each distinct performance obligation. We allocate consideration for each clear aligner treatment plan based on each unit’s SSP. Management considers a variety of factors such as same or similar product historical sales, costs and gross margin, which may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation in making these estimates. In addition to historical data, we take into consideration changing trends and market conditions. For treatment plans with multiple options, we also consider usage rates, which is the number of times a customer is expected to order more aligners after the initial shipment. Our process for estimating usage rates requires significant judgment and evaluation of inputs, including historical usage data by region, country and channel. We estimate the SSP of each element in a scanner system and services sale taking into consideration same or similar product historical prices as well as our discounting strategies. For CAD/CAM services, we estimate the SSP of each element, including the initial software license and maintenance and support, using data such as historical prices. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 “ Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate, foreign currency exchange and inflation risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. In addition, we are subject to the broad market risk that is created by the global market disruptions and uncertainties resulting from macroeconomic challenges, geopolitical events, trade and other international disputes, including various military conflicts and consumer confidence. Further discussion on these risks may be found in Part II, Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Interest Rate Risk Changes in interest rates could impact our anticipated interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents balance. As of March 31, 2025, we are not exposed to interest rate risk on our unsecured revolving line of credit. An immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and cash flows. As of March 31, 2025, we had no short term or marketable securities. We have not historically used derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates. 33 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk As a result of our international business activities, our financial results have been affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as well as economic conditions in foreign markets, and there is no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition in the future. We generally sell our products in the local currency of the respective countries. This provides some natural hedging because most of the subsidiaries’ operating expenses are also generally denominated in their local currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts for currencies where we have exposures, primarily the Euro, British Pound, Chinese Yuan, Polish Zloty and Canadian Dollar, to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are generally one month in original maturity and are marked to market through earnings every period. The gains and losses on these forward contracts are intended to offset the gains and losses in the underlying foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities being economically hedged. We do not enter into foreign currency forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to managing the risks relating to fluctuations in currency rates. Although we will continue to monitor our exposure to currency fluctuations, and, where appropriate, use forward contracts to minimize the effect of these fluctuations, the impact of an aggregate change of 10% in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar on our results of operations and financial position could be material. Inflation Risk The economy has been impacted by certain macroeconomic challenges which have contributed to a rising inflationary trend that have impacted both our revenues and costs globally. If our costs become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. There is no assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be adversely impacted by inflation in the future. Investment Risk We hold equity securities in privately held companies, which are subject to equity price risks and exposures from the evolving macroeconomic environment, including uncertainty and volatility in financial markets and other changes in economic conditions, such as an increase in trade tensions and related tariffs, that could have a material impact on the carrying value of our investments. Our investments in privately held companies primarily consist of equity securities without readily determinable fair values. We elected to account for our investments in privately held companies using the measurement alternative, which is cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes in fair value resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. We perform a qualitative assessment at each reporting date to determine whether there are triggering events for impairment. The qualitative assessment considers factors such as but not limited to, the investee’s financial performance and business prospects; industry performance; economic environment; and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee. Valuations of our equity investments are complex due to the lack of readily available market data and observable transactions. The carrying value of our investments in privately held companies was $188.2 million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of March 31, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 34 Table of Contents There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in Note 7 “ Legal Proceedings ” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discusses some of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and the price of our common stock. You should carefully review this section, as well as our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and other information appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for important information regarding these and other risks that may affect us. The order we have chosen to list the risks below or the sections in which we have identified them should not be interpreted to mean we deem any risks to be more or less important or likely to occur or, if any do occur, that their impact may be any less significant than any others. These risk factors should be considered in connection with the statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because they could cause our actual results and conditions to differ materially from those statements. Before you invest in Align, you should know that investing involves risks, including those described below. The risks below are not the only risks we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Macroeconomic and External Risks Our business, financial condition and results of operations depend on global and regional economic conditions. Inflation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and demand, general economic weakness and actual or potential slowdowns or recessions have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can adversely affect demand for our products. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, inflation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, consumer confidence, threats or actual imposition of tariffs, customs duties and fees by nations and retaliatory actions, general economic weakness, actual or potential slowdowns or recessions, pandemics, wars and military actions, employment levels, health insurance coverage, wages, debt obligations, discretionary income, interest rates, market volatility and perceptions of current and future economic conditions. Macroeconomic conditions can, among other things, reduce or shift spending away from elective procedures, drive patients to pursue less costly orthodontic treatments, decrease the number of orthodontic case starts, reduce patient traffic in dentists’ offices, or reduce demand for dental services generally. Further, decreased demand for dental services can cause dentists and labs to postpone investments in capital equipment, such as intraoral scanners and CAD/CAM equipment and software. Uncertain economic outlooks for, or declines in the economic outlooks of, the United States, Chinese, European and other international economies have and could in the future materially adversely affect consumer demand and dental practice spending. Increases in the cost of fuel and energy, food and other essential items as well as higher interest rates have and could in the future reduce consumers’ disposable income, which could cause a decrease in discretionary spending for our products. Inflation has and may continue to adversely impact spending and trade activities and may unpredictably impact global and regional economies. Efforts by central banks and federal, state and local governments to combat inflation could result in an economic recession or slowdown or adversely impact consumer spending for a prolonged period of time. Higher inflation has and may continue to increase domestic and international shipping costs, raw material prices and labor rates, which could adversely impact the costs of producing, procuring and shipping our products. Our products or one or more of the materials or components of our products may also be subject to tariffs imposed by the United States or other countries. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of the increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers, resulting in downward pressure on our operating results. Attempts to offset cost increases with price increases may reduce sales, increase customer dissatisfaction or otherwise harm our reputation. Any of these events could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have significant international operations and sales and are therefore exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies that have and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a large portion of our net revenues and expenses are generated in foreign currencies. While we forecast our balance sheet exposures to foreign currency fluctuations and utilize foreign currency forward contracts to moderate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities, these contracts may not eliminate our exposure to 35 Table of Contents fluctuations in foreign currency. Currency exchange rate fluctuations have and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be impacted by geopolitical events, new, proposed or retaliatory tariffs, trade and international disputes, wars, military actions and terrorism, or major public health crises . Geopolitical events, tariffs, trade and international disputes, wars, military actions and terrorism, or major public health crises have and could in the future harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could materially adversely affect our business with our customers and consumers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors and other business partners. Such events have and could result in, among other things, supply chain and trade disruptions, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, new tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, safeguards, trade sanctions and countersanctions, customs inquiries or restrictions, boycotts, reduced consumer spending, government shut downs, cyberattacks, energy shortages or power outages, energy rationing that adversely impacts our manufacturing facilities, rising fuel or rising costs of producing, procuring, and shipping our products, constraints, volatility or disruption in the financial markets, deaths or injuries to our employees, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies, data or information exchange, disruptions, interruptions or limitations in telecommunication services, critical systems or applications reliant on a stable and uninterrupted communications infrastructure, and protests that may impact delivery of our products to customers or destruction of property. Such events may also cause a shift in public opinion about companies based in the United States, which could adversely impact on our reputation and business. Tariffs or proposed tariffs, such as those recently announced on China, Mexico, Canada, Israel and other foreign countries not previously subject to tariffs, and any retaliatory trade measures taken in response to such tariffs may increase the cost of our products and components and raw materials used to make them. A significant portion of the products we sell, and the components and raw materials used in our products are originally manufactured or sourced outside the United States. For example, we manufacture clear aligners in our facility in Mexico and ship them to the United States, primarily for our United States customers with the remainder eventually shipping to other international locations. Tariffs would result in additional costs for our products, which may reduce demand for our products and adversely impact our gross margin and results of operations, and we may not be able to fully or substantially mitigate the impact of any new or increased tariffs or pass price increases on to our customers. Trade policies and disputes could result in increased tariffs and other trade restrictions and protectionist measures, which could increase our manufacturing costs, increase prices of and reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit or prohibit the availability of certain raw materials, components and parts necessary for our products or the products of our suppliers, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain. Foreign countries may also adopt or rescind other measures, such as controls on the import or export of goods, technology or data, including personal data, which could adversely impact our operations and supply chains or limit our ability to offer certain products and services. These measures could require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers, where we manufacture our products, or restructuring business relationships. Complying with new or revised trade restrictions may be expensive, , disruptive to our logistics and operations, and more costly for us and our customers. Such restrictions may be announced with little or no advance notice and we may be unable to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts in a timely manner or at all. Military conflicts have and may in the future materially adversely impact the economies in which we operate. Our iTero operations, headquartered in Israel, are close to areas that have been affected by ongoing violence and military action, which may impact our employees and our iTero business and operations. Some employees and consultants in Israel have been called for military service in the current conflict and they may be absent for certain periods of time. Furthermore, our facilities may be damaged or our manufacturing capability or delivery schedules may be impacted as a result of the ongoing conflict. Our supply chains and demand for our products could be impaired as a result of hostilities, export and import restrictions, sanctions or boycotts. These events could disrupt ongoing operations and may materially impact the logistics, timing and cost of shipping of our products and materials or our ability to operate out of impacted areas. Additionally, China’s territorial conflicts with other neighboring countries may impact our operations and sales in China. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of these events or the reactions by governments, businesses or consumers and each event could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operations may be impacted by natural disasters, which may become more frequent or severe as a result of climate change, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as those of our customers and consumers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors and other business partners. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, droughts, hurricanes, wildfires, urban fires, volcanic eruptions and other extreme weather conditions can cause deaths, injuries and major public health crises, power outages, property damage, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies, telecommunications failures, materials scarcity, price volatility and other adverse consequences. If a natural disaster occurs in a region where one of our facilities or those of our customers or suppliers are located, our or their employees or facilities could be impacted, valuable research could be lost, and our ability to create treatment plans, respond to customer inquiries or manufacture and ship our products could be compromised, causing significant delays and reputational harm. Climate change could increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters and could change the supply, demand or availability of sources of energy or resources material to manufacturing our products and operations. It could also affect the availability or cost of materials, goods, and services on which we and our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors and other business partners rely, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 36 Table of Contents Business and Industry Risks Demand for our products and services may not increase or may decrease for many reasons, including resistance to the innovative and nature of some of our products and services, which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and services require our customers and consumers to forego traditional treatment methods. For example, Invisalign treatment is a significant departure from traditional orthodontic wires and brackets, and our customers and consumers may not find it or preferable. A number of dental professionals believe Invisalign treatment is only appropriate for a limited percentage of patients. Additionally, our clear aligners and iTero products utilize digital technology and some dental professionals have and may continue to resist moving to a digital platform. Increased acceptance of our products and services depends in part on the recommendations of dental professionals, professional associations, societies and organizations, as well as other factors, including efficacy, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics, reimbursement and price compared to competing products and traditional treatment methods. If demand for our products or services fails to increase, or decreases, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our net revenues depend primarily on sales of the Invisalign System and iTero intraoral scanners and declines in sales or ASP may adversely affect net revenues, gross profit and net income. Our net revenues are primarily dependent on sales of the Invisalign System an d iTero intraoral scanners. Of the two, we expect the Invisalign System to continue to represent the majority of our net revenues, making sales of it critical to our success. The ASPs of our products, particularly the Invisalign System, are influenced by numerous factors, including the mix of product treatment packages, geographical mix, channel mix and timing of products sold (particularly the timing and quantity of orders for additional clear aligners for certain Invisalign products) and foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, we sell our products at different prices and with varying shipping and handling charges or processing fees that may differ by country. Our ASPs for the Invisalign System and iTero intraoral scanners have been and could in the future be adversely affected if: • we offer promotions or general or discount programs, product or services bundles, large account sales or consumer rebate programs; • participation in promotions or programs unexpectedly increases, decreases or changes demand in material ways; • our geographic, channel or product mix shifts to products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • we decrease prices or are unable to increase prices on one or more products or services in response to increasing competitive pricing pressures; • we introduce new or change existing products or services, or modify how we market or sell any of our new or existing products or services; • we modify our pricing strategies for certain products or adjust pricing for certain items based on cancellation fees, shipping and handling charges or processing fees; • we participate in government tenders, such as procurement in China; or • our critical accounting estimates materially differ from actual results. To stimulate product and services demand, we have a history of offering volume discounts, price reductions, and other promotions to targeted customers and consumers and releasing lower priced products. These promotional campaigns and products have had, and may in the future have, unexpected and unintended consequences, including reduced net revenues, gross margins, operating margin and net income, ASPs and volume. Competition in the markets for our products and services is increasing and we expect aggressive competition from existing competitors and emerging companies that introduce new technologies, products or services in the future, and customers who alone or with others create orthodontic appliances and solutions or other products or services that compete with us. The dental industry is experiencing immense and rapid digital transformation, and we face competition from a variety of competitors including companies that specialize in our products or systems and services. While solutions such as the Invisalign System, iTero intraoral scanners, CAD/CAM software and digital platform facilitate this transition, we face competition from companies that seek to introduce new technologies and products and companies that remain dedicated to traditional products. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. We have experienced competition from competitors in various markets we serve and we anticipate this will continue. We may be unable to compete with these competitors or they may render our technology or products obsolete or economically unattractive, particularly as competitors incorporate artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning into new or existing services and technologies that facilitate changes in interactions, expectations and treatment workflows. We may be unable to devote adequate financial resources to develop or acquire new AI technologies and systems in the future and sufficiently meet evolving industry trends and consumer demands. The number and types of competitors we face are diverse and growing rapidly. The Invisalign System competes primarily against traditional wires and brackets and increasingly with clear aligners manufactured and distributed by new market entrants and existing competitors, including traditional medical device companies, laboratories, startups and, in some cases, doctors and dental service organizations (“DSOs”). Our competitors also include companies that provide clear aligners using a business model requiring little or no care from trained and licensed doctors, and doctors and DSOs who manufacture custom aligners or procure from providers. Large consumer product companies may also 37 Table of Contents start supplying orthodontic products. Orthodontists, GPs and DSOs have and may continue to sample competitive and alternative products and take advantage of competitive promotions and sale opportunities. Our iTero intraoral scanners are also facing increased competition from new and existing competitors. Our scanners compete with polyvinyl siloxane impressions and numerous new or existing intraoral scanners, as well as traditional bite wing 2D dental x-rays and dental imaging systems that leverage near infrared imaging technology for detecting interproximal caries. We experience and may continue to experience competition with our scanners and software solutions by competitors who introduce products at lower prices or with functionality that better meets customer demand, including expansion of their portfolios in the digital ecosystem. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products, existing competitors, new market entrants, or respond effectively to new technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Our success depends on our ability to successfully develop, introduce, achieve market acceptance of, and manage new or improved products and services. Our success depends on our ability to quickly and profitably develop, manufacture, market, and obtain and maintain regulatory approval or clearance of new, improved or refurbished products and services. We cannot ensure successful development, sales or acceptance of our products and services. The extent and rate at which our new, improved or refurbished products or services achieve market acceptance and penetration depends on many factors, including our ability to: • successfully predict, timely innovate, develop, and launch new or improved technologies, applications, features, products and services to meet market demand and keep pace with changes in technology, customers’ demands and industry standards; • successfully and timely obtain regulatory approval or clearance of new or improved products or services from government agencies such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and analogous agencies in other countries; • and efficiently develop, manufacture, quality test, market, dispose of and sell new or improved products and services, including localized versions for international markets; • properly forecast the amount and timing of new or improved product and services demand; • allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; • ensure the compatibility of our technology, services and systems with those of our customers; • anticipate and rapidly innovate in response to new competitive offerings and technologies; • differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors as well as other products and services in our own portfolio and successfully articulate the benefits to potential customers; • design and manufacture products that achieve the clinical and practice outcomes we believe necessary for market acceptance; • manage the impact of nationalism or initiatives encouraging consumer purchases from domestic vendors; • qualify for reimbursement for procedures involving our products or services; • offer attractive and competitive products, services and subscription plans; • encourage customers to adopt new or improved technologies and provide the needed technical, sales and marketing support to make new or improved product and services launches successful; • manage government procurement program restrictions; and • source and receive quality raw materials or parts from our suppliers. If we fail to accurately predict the needs and preferences of customers and their patients, or fail to offer viable products or services, we may invest heavily in research and development that does not lead to significant revenues. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new or improved products and services, we may incur substantial costs doing so and our profitability may suffer. Introduction and acceptance of any products and services may take significant time and effort, particularly if they require doctor education and training to understand their benefits or doctors choose to withhold judgment on a product until patients complete their treatments. In addition, we periodically introduce new business and sales initiatives to meet customers’ needs and demands. In general, our internal resources support these initiatives without clear indications they will prove successful or be without execution challenges. Should these initiatives fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. We may invest in or acquire other businesses, products, technologies or other assets which may require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have and may in the future acquire, or make investments in, companies, technologies or other assets. Alternatively, we may be unable to find suitable investment or acquisition opportunities or be unable to complete investments or acquisitions on favorable terms. If we make such investments or complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve desired synergies and integration. Investments or acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively and may lead to negative ratings by analysts or investors, or give rise to stockholder objections or activism, which could disrupt our operations or harm our stock price. Moreover, to the extent we make strategic investments, the companies in which we invest may fail or we may ultimately own less than a majority of the outstanding shares of the company and be unable to control or have significant influence over critical issues that could harm the value of our investment. 38 Table of Contents We are subject to various risks when making a strategic investment or acquisition and integrating the operations and cultures of acquired businesses within our own, which could materially impact our business, financial condition or results of operations, including that we may: • fail to perform proper due diligence and inherit unexpected material issues or assets, including intellectual property (“IP”) or other litigation or ongoing investigations, accounting irregularities or compliance liabilities; • fail to comply with regulations, governmental actions, orders or decrees; • experience information technology (“IT”) security and privacy compliance issues; • invest in companies that generate net losses or are slow or fail to develop; • not realize a positive return on our investment or determine that investments have declined in value, which could potentially require recording impairments; • need to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for an acquisition, adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition or the trading price of our common stock; • find it difficult to implement and harmonize financial reporting, forecasting and budgeting, accounting, billing, IT and other systems due to inconsistencies in standards, internal controls, procedures and policies; • require significant time and resources to effectuate the integration; • fail to retain key personnel or harm our existing culture or the culture of an acquired entity; • not realize material portions of the expected synergies and benefits of the investment or acquisition; or • unsuccessfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or acquired company’s or fail to successfully integrate the technologies acquired. Operational Risks Our operating results have and will continue to fluctuate in the future, which makes predicting the timing and amount of customer demand and our revenues, costs, and expenditures difficult. Our quarterly and annual operating results have and will continue to fluctuate for a variety of reasons. Some of the factors that have and could in the future cause our operating results to fluctuate include: • changes in consumer, customer and industry demand; • changes in manufacturing, packaging, delivery and inventory costs; • the creditworthiness, liquidity and solvency of our customers and their ability to timely make payments when due; • our ability to collect payments; • our acceptance of longer customer payment cycles; • changes in the timing of revenue recognition and our ASPs; • seasonal fluctuations; • geographic, channel or product mix shifts to lower priced products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • improvements to or changes in our products, capabilities or technologies that replace or shorten the life cycles of legacy products or cause customers to defer or stop purchasing legacy products until new products become available; • changes in costs and expenditures, including in connection with new treatment planning and fabrication facilities and the hiring and deployment of personnel; • the timing of clear aligner treatment order submissions, acceptance, processing and fulfillment, which can cause fluctuations in our backlog; and • timing and fluctuation of spending around marketing and brand awareness campaigns and industry trade shows. If we fail to accurately predict product demand, we may not have the appropriate level of our manufacturing capacity or that of one or more of our suppliers, staffing, materials, components, space, equipment or finished products. Specifically, our manufacturing process relies on sophisticated computer software and requires new technicians to undergo a long training process, often 120 days or longer. Additionally, production levels for our iTero intraoral scanners are generally based on forecasts and historic demand and we often place orders with suppliers for materials, components, and finished products weeks or more in advance of projected orders. If we do not hire and train the appropriate number of technicians in anticipation of demand, our costs and expenditures may not align with our revenues or revenue growth. Additionally, to secure supplies for production of products, we periodically enter into minimum purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust inventory for declining demand. In addition, we may be required to purchase or lease additional or larger facilities and equipment to manage demand. If we fail to timely manufacture and deliver products to meet demand, this could damage our relationships with existing customers or harm our ability to attract new customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may make business decisions that adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policies and payment terms, promotions, development efforts, product releases, business structure or operations. The majority of our expenses, such as employee compensation and lease obligations, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, our expense levels are based, in part, on expectations for future revenues. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period are below expectations, we may be unable to timely or effectively reduce spending to offset any shortfalls. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry, financial analysts or investors. We are subject to operating risks, including excess or constrained capacity and operational inefficiencies, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 39 Table of Contents We are subject to operating risks, including excess or constrained capacity, operational inefficiencies and pressure on our internal systems, personnel and suppliers. To manage current and anticipated future operations effectively, we must continually implement and improve our operational, financial and management information systems, hire, train, motivate, manage and retain employees, and ensure our suppliers remain diverse and capable of meeting demand for the systems, raw materials, parts and components essential to product manufacturing and delivery. We may fail to balance efforts to meet existing demand with future demand, including adding personnel, creating scalable, secure and robust systems and operations, and automating processes for efficiencies. Production of the Invisalign System and iTero intraoral scanners could also be limited by capacity constraints due to a variety of factors, including labor shortages, shipping delays, our dependency on vendors for key materials, parts, components and equipment, the quality of or changes in product components, and limited production yields. Any such failure could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we have established treatment planning and manufacturing facilities closer to our international customers to provide better experiences, create efficiencies and provide redundancy should other facilities become unavailable. If one of these facilities is temporarily, partially or fully shut down, we may be unable to timely fulfill orders, which may negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our IT systems are critical to our business. Issues with IT system and software integration, implementation, updates, and upgrades, or software have previously and could again in the future disrupt our operations and have a material impact on our business, our reputation, and operating results. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex IT systems and are dependent on key software embedded in IT systems as well as hosted IT systems to support our operations, including cloud platforms. All software and IT systems are vulnerable to damage, cybersecurity attacks, or interruptions or other disruptions from a variety of sources, including rapidly developing AI technologies. To effectively manage and improve our operations, our IT systems and applications require an ongoing commitment of significant expenditures and resources to maintain, protect, upgrade, enhance, and restore existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, including privacy, security and data protection laws, regulations and actions, increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity threats, and changing customer preferences. Usage of online and hosted technology platforms by us, our customers, and suppliers, including remote working, teledentistry, and new or expanded use of online service platforms, products, and solutions such as doctor, consumer, and patient apps have increased the demands on and risks to our IT systems and personnel. Moreover, we continue to transform business processes, extend established processes to new subsidiaries, and implement additional functionality in our enterprise resource planning, product development, manufacturing, and other software and IT systems. This entails certain risks, including operational disruptions, such as our ability to continue developing and updating products while addressing safety and security, track orders and timely ship products, manage our supply chain, and aggregate financial and operational data. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our products and IT systems and those of our suppliers and customers may materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we continuously upgrade and issue new software releases upon which customer facing manufacturing and treatment planning operations depend. Software applications and products containing software may contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or released. The discovery of a defect, error, or security vulnerability in our products, software applications or IT systems, incompatibility with customers’ computer operating systems and hardware configurations with a new release or upgraded version or the failure of our products or primary IT systems, which we are unable to cure in a timely fashion, may cause adverse consequences. These may include delays or loss of revenues, significant remediation costs, market acceptance delays, data damage, loss, or unavailability, unintended disclosure or other processing of financial, health or other information relating to individuals, product recalls, loss of market share or increased service costs, any of which could have a material effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of our operations and the operations of our customers or our business partners. Products in our Systems and Services segment, such as our iTero intraoral scanners, are subject to software and hardware risks that, if improperly managed, could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. The success of our Systems and Services segment depends on the quality and reliability of our products. We face software and hardware risks related to the manufacturing, design, quality and safety of our complex, global installed base of iTero intraoral scanners, which are continually updated to add, expand, or improve features with new hardware we manufacture or components that we source, to integrate new or existing software or other components manufactured by third parties, or to provide repair or replacement parts, any of which may contain errors or exhibit failures, especially when products are first introduced. We may be unable to ensure that third party components or changes to them will be completely compatible with our iTero intraoral scanners, which could result in failures of our iTero intraoral scanners to perform as anticipated. Additionally, the software integrated into or interoperable with our iTero intraoral scanners will routinely reach end of life, and as a consequence, certain applications and models may be exposed to additional vulnerabilities, including security risks, errors, and malfunctions that may be irreparable or difficult to repair. We may not timely and adequately remediate or implement corrective measures for such failures, including due to reliance on providers or suppliers. Consequently, any remediation may be and difficult to achieve, which may materially impact our customers and business partners, damage our reputation, and result in lost business and revenue opportunities, and could be materially costly. If our products experience component aging, errors, or performance problems, or do not otherwise satisfy our stringent quality processes and controls we may choose to or be compelled to recall certain products, which may include, product withdrawals from the market, labeling changes, design changes, customer notifications, and notifications to global regulatory bodies. 40 Table of Contents A significant portion of our clear aligner production is dependent on digital scans from our globally dispersed and decentralized installed base of iTero and intraoral scanners. Failures of all or any portion of our or software or other components or systems to interoperate with iTero or intraoral scanners, termination of interoperability with intraoral scanners, malware or ransomware attacks, product or system vulnerabilities or defects, interference or disruptions for us, our customers, labs or other business partners in the use of our products or the transmission or processing of data needed for the use or ordering of our products, or system outages, regardless of cause, have harmed our operations previously and in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to accept scans, manufacture clear aligners or restorative procedures or treatments and services, or otherwise service our customers. Any of these events could harm our sales, damage our reputation, adversely impact our strategic partners, or result in claims, demands, litigation, and liabilities, which could have a material effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of our operations and the operations of our customers or business partners. We are highly dependent on suppliers, some of whom are sole source suppliers, for certain key machines, components and materials, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if supply is restricted or ends or the price materially increases. We are highly dependent on our supply chain, particularly manufacturers of specialized and customized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin and other advanced materials, as well as the optics, electronic and other mechanical components of our iTero intraoral scanners. We maintain single and sole supply relationships for many of these machines and materials. By using single and sole suppliers in limited locations for materials and manufacturing, we are exposed to multiple supply chain vulnerabilities. We are reliant upon manufacturers that we contract with for quality and stability and any failures on their part may have an impact on our ability to supply our products. Because of our dependence on our suppliers, changes in key relationships can materially disrupt our supply chain. For instance, we may be unable to quickly establish or qualify replacement suppliers, which could create production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. Finding substitute manufacturers may be expensive, or impossible and could result in significant interruptions in the supply of one or more products, product retesting or additional product registration, causing us to lose revenues and damage customer relationships. Technology changes by our service providers, vendors and other third parties could disrupt access to required manufacturing capacity or require expensive, development efforts to adapt and integrate new equipment or processes. In the event of technology changes, delivery delays, labor stoppages or shortages, or increases in price for these items, sales may decrease and our business and prospects may be harmed. We use distributors for a portion of the importation, marketing and sales of our products and services, which exposes us to risks to our sales, operations and reputation, including the risk these distributors do not comply with applicable laws or our internal procedures. In addition to our direct sales force, we have and expect to continue to use distributors, resellers and other agents or sales intermediaries to import, market, sell, service and support our products and services. Our distribution agreements are generally and terminable by either party with customary notice. If alternative distributors cannot be quickly found and trained in the use, marketing, sales and support of our products and services, our revenues and ability to sell or service our products and services in key markets could be adversely affected. These distributors may also choose to sell alternative or competing products or services. In addition, we may be held responsible for the actions of these distributors, their employees and agents for compliance with laws and regulations, including fair competition, bribery and corruption, import and export compliance, safety, data privacy, false advertising or unfair and deceptive trade practices, and marketing and sales activities. The conduct of these distributors may impact our reputation and brand and if they fail to satisfy customers, our reputation and brand loyalty could be harmed. A distributor may also affect our ability to effectively market our products in certain foreign countries or regulatory jurisdictions if it holds the regulatory authorization in such countries or within such regions and causes, by action or inaction, the suspension of such marketing authorization or sanctions for or prevents us from taking control of any such authorization. It may be difficult, expensive, and for us to market access or regulatory compliance. A disruption in the operations of a primary freight carrier, higher shipping costs or shipping delays could disrupt our supply chain and impact our operating and financial results. We depend on commercial freight carriers, primarily United Parcel Service, Inc., to deliver our products. If the operations of commercial freight carriers are disrupted or we fail to mitigate any disruptions, we may be unable to timely deliver products to our customers who may choose alternative products, causing our net revenues and gross margin to decline, possibly materially. Moreover, when fuel costs increase, our freight costs generally do as well. In addition, we earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales, which carry higher shipping costs that negatively impact our gross margin and results of operations. If freight costs materially increase and we are unable to successfully pass all or significant portions of the increases along to our customers, or we cannot otherwise offset such increases, our gross margin and financial results could be materially affected. Our success depends on our personnel. If we cannot attract, motivate, train or retain personnel, it will be difficult to achieve our strategic priorities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are highly dependent on the talent and efforts of our personnel. We strive to retain our personnel by providing competitive compensation and benefits, development opportunities and training, flexible work options and an inclusive corporate culture. However, competition for highly skilled personnel, particularly technical and digital talent, is intense, and our 41 Table of Contents competitors have and are likely to continue to recruit our personnel. Our compensation and benefit arrangements may not successfully attract new personnel or retain and motivate existing personnel. In addition, other internal and external factors can impact our ability to hire and retain talent, including insufficient advancement or career opportunities, in office or hybrid work policies and restrictive immigration policies . The loss of any key personnel, particularly executive management, research and development, or sales personnel, could harm our business and prospects and impede the achievement of our research and development, operational or strategic objectives. We provide significant training to our personnel and our business will be harmed if our training fails to properly prepare them to perform the work required, we are unable to successfully instill technical expertise in new and existing personnel, or if our techniques prove unsuccessful or are not . Moreover, for certain roles, this training and experience can make key personnel, such as our sales personnel, highly desirable to competitors and lead to increased attrition. It can take 12 months or more to train sales representatives to successfully market and sell our products and services and for them to establish strong customer relationships. The loss of the services and knowledge of our highly skilled personnel may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development, operational or strategic objectives. Additionally, seamless leadership transitions for key positions are critical to sustaining our culture and organizational success. If our succession planning is ineffective, it could adversely impact our business. We continually assess key personnel we believe are essential to our success. Moreover, future organizational changes may cause attrition rates to increase. If we fail to effectively manage any organizational or strategic changes, our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate, and retain key personnel, may be adversely affected. We have adopted a hybrid work schedule in many of our offices, allowing employees to collaborate and connect with others several days each week while providing the option to work remotely other days. This hybrid work approach may create challenges with maintaining our corporate culture, employee satisfaction, and hiring, promotion and retention. We believe a key to our success has been the culture we have created that emphasizes a shared vision and core values of Agility, Customer and Accountability. We have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties attracting and retaining personnel that meet the qualifications, experience, compliance mindset and values we expect. If we cannot attract and retain personnel that meet our selection criteria or relax our standards, our corporate culture, ability to achieve our strategic objectives and our compliance with obligations under our internal controls and other requirements may be harmed. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to maintain market share. We have personnel represented by works councils and trade unions in certain countries and others that may be or may become eligible to be represented by works councils, trade unions and other employee associations. Labor disputes and work stoppages involving our personnel may disrupt our operations and could materially impact our results or operations. We depend on our marketing activities to deepen our market penetration and raise awareness of our brands, products, and services, which may prove unsuccessful or may become less effective or more costly to maintain in the long term. Our marketing efforts and costs are significant and include national and regional campaigns in multiple countries involving television, print, social media and alliances with professional sports teams, athletes, social media influencers and other strategic partners. There is no assurance our advertising campaigns will achieve the desired returns on advertising spend, increase brand, product or services awareness sufficiently or generate goodwill and positive reputational goals, or that we will be able to maintain commercial relationships with social media influencers and other strategic partners. Moreover, should any entity or individual endorsing us, our products or services take actions, make or publish statements in support of, or lend support to events or causes which are perceived by a portion of society negatively, our sponsorships or support of these entities or individuals may be questioned, our products and services boycotted and our brand image and reputation harmed, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many countries prohibit certain types of marketing activities. For example, some countries restrict direct to consumer advertising of medical devices. We have and may in the future be alleged to violate marketing restrictions and be ordered to stop certain marketing activities or prevented from selling our products and services. Moreover, competitors do not always follow these restrictions, which can create an unfair advantage and make it more difficult and costly to compete. Additionally, we rely heavily on data generated from our campaigns to target specific audiences and evaluate their effectiveness, particularly data generated from internet activities on mobile devices. To obtain this data, we are dependent on third parties and popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products and standards we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems, and mobile browsers. Changes in such systems that degrade or eliminate our ability to target or measure the results of ads or increase costs to target audiences could adversely affect our campaigns. Operating systems could also include data privacy settings that may limit our ability to interpret, target and measure ads effectively. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks We are subject to antitrust and competition regulations, litigation and enforcement that may result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our business practices, and product, services or operational changes which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently are and may in the future be subject to antitrust, competition or unfair competition-related investigations, enforcement actions or claims by governmental agencies, competitors, consumers, customers and others which, even if 42 Table of Contents unfounded, could cause us to incur substantial costs, enter into settlements, consent decrees, be subject to judgments, involve negative publicity and divert management time and attention, which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Resolving these matters may require us to change our business practices in materially adverse ways. Governments and regulators are actively developing new competition laws, regulations and actions aimed at the technology sector, AI and digital platforms, and global activities and expansion, including in large markets such as the United States, the European Union, and China. Government regulatory actions and court decisions may result in fines or hinder our ability to provide certain benefits to our customers and consumers, reducing the attractiveness of our products, services and the net revenue derived from them. These actions and decisions may also hinder our ability to pursue certain mergers, acquisitions, business combinations, investments or other transactions. Failure to obtain or maintain approvals or comply with regulations and government actions regarding our products or services or those of our suppliers could materially harm our sales, result in substantial penalties and fines, interrupt our supply chain and cause harm to our reputation. We and many of our healthcare provider customers, suppliers and distributors are subject to extensive and frequently changing regulations and government actions under numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws, including those regulating: • the storage, transmission, disclosure, and other processing of, and security measures with respect to, personal, financial and medical information as well as healthcare records; • processing and use of children’s personal and health data; • websites and application advertising, including that involving the use of cookies or involving the collection, use, disclosure, or other processing of data relating to individuals for marketing purposes; • prohibitions against the offer, payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services or goods or to induce the order, purchase or recommendation of our products and services; and • the design, manufacture, marketing and advertising of our products and services. The healthcare and technology markets are also highly regulated and subject to evolving political, economic and regulatory influences and government actions. Global regulators are expanding and changing regulations and guidance for products and services, which can limit their potential benefits and cause protracted review timelines for new products and services. Our critical vendors and service providers are subject to similar regulations. Our failure or the failure of our suppliers, customers, advertisers, consultants, and influencers to strictly adhere to clearances or approvals in the labeling, marketing and sales of our products and services could subject us to claims or litigation, including allegations of false or misleading advertising or violations of laws or regulations, which may result in costly investigations, fines, penalties, as well as material judgments, settlements or decrees. We are also subject to complex, new and evolving environmental, health and safety regulations. There can be no assurance we will adequately address the risks associated with the implementation and compliance with such laws and our internal processes and procedures to comply with such laws or that we will be able to take advantage of any resulting business opportunities. Furthermore, before we can sell a new medical device or market a new use of, or claim for, an existing product, we frequently must obtain regulatory clearance or approval. For instance, in the United States, FDA regulations are and govern, among other things, product design, product materials, development, manufacturing and testing, product labeling and product storage. It takes significant time, effort, and expense to obtain and maintain clearances and approvals of products and services, and there is no guarantee we will timely succeed, if at all, in the countries in which we do business. In other countries, the requirements, time, effort and expense to obtain and maintain clearances may differ materially. Moreover, these laws may change, resulting in additional time, expense or loss of market access. If the requirements to market our products or services are delayed, we may be unable to offer them in markets we deem important. Additionally, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement actions with sanctions, including fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Delays or failures to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals, clearances or to comply with regulatory requirements may materially adversely affect our domestic or international operations, and adversely impact our business. We and certain of our vendors must also comply with and adhere to facility registration and product listing requirements for Quality System regulations. The FDA enforces its Quality System regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. Failure to satisfactorily correct an adverse inspection finding or comply with applicable regulations can result in enforcement actions, or require us to find alternative manufacturers, which could be a long and costly process and may cause reputational harm. Enforcement actions by regulators could have a material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also subject to and (“ABAC”) laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, which generally prohibit payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or maintaining business, securing an advantage and directing business to another. To comply with ABAC laws, regulators require we maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, we may be held liable for corruption by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners, intermediaries or representatives acting on our behalf. While we have policies and procedures requiring compliance with applicable laws and regulations and we provide training to foster compliance, our employees, third parties acting on our behalf, and customers may not adhere to our policies and procedures or applicable laws or regulations, including the use of certain electronic communications and maintaining accurate books and records. If our personnel or the personnel of our agents or suppliers fail to comply with any laws, regulations, policies or procedures, or we fail to audit and enforce compliance, our reputation may be harmed, we may lose customers or revenues or we may face regulatory investigations, actions and fines. 43 Table of Contents In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed its longstanding approach to evaluating administrative rulemaking under the Chevron doctrine, which provided for judicial deference to regulatory agencies, including the FDA. There may be increased challenges to existing agency regulations or how lower courts will apply the decision in the context of other regulatory schemes without more specific guidance from the courts. For example, this decision may result in more companies suing the FDA to challenge its longstanding decisions and policies, which could undermine the FDA's authority, lead to uncertainties in the industry, and disrupt the FDA’s normal operations, which could impact the timely review of any regulatory filings or applications we submit. In 2025, there have been significant and reforms to federal policy and the federal government including significant workforce reductions across federal agencies. We may be impacted by the reduction in federal agencies including obtaining and maintaining clearances and approvals of our products and services. The rapid increase in new or changed government regulations could result in significant costs and expenses, including those related to compliance, and require modifications in the way we and our customers conduct business. If we are unable to respond to changing regulations in a timely and effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could materially adversely be impacted. Security breaches, data breaches, cybersecurity attacks, other cybersecurity incidents, or the failure to comply with privacy, security and data protection laws could materially adversely impact our operations and patient care, and we could be liable for damages, and our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. We retain confidential employee, applicant and customer personal, health and financial, and our own proprietary information and data essential to our operations. We rely on the effectiveness of our IT systems, policies and contracts and the policies of our vendors, and their IT systems to safeguard information and data. Additionally, our cybersecurity controls depend on our customers, many of whom are individual or small healthcare providers with limited IT experience and inadequate or untested security protocols, to successfully manage data privacy and security requirements. It is critical that the facilities, infrastructure and IT systems on which we depend and the products and services we develop remain secure and be perceived as secure. Despite the implementation of security features in our products and services and security measures in our IT systems, we and our service providers, vendors and other third parties could be targeted by or subject to physical , computer viruses and other malicious code, unauthorized or fraudulent access, programming errors or other technical malfunctions, hacking attacks, phishing, vishing, deepfakes, and other social engineering attacks, malware, ransomware, employee noncompliance, error or malfeasance, cybersecurity attacks, malicious code, and other breaches of, or incidents impacting, IT systems or similar malicious or othe

[truncated]