Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. On September 23, 2026, Hartford Fire Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the “Hartford Insurers”), each a wholly owned insurance company subsidiary of The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. (the “Company”), entered into a Reinsurance Commutation and Release Agreement (the “Commutation Agreement”) with National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Pursuant to the Commutation Agreement, the Hartford Insurers and NICO agreed to the commutation and termination of their existing Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement (the “Reinsurance Agreement”), which has provided asbestos and environmental adverse development cover reinsurance since December 31, 2016, and certain related transaction documents. The Commutation Agreement also resolves the confidential arbitration regarding the parties’ dispute under the Reinsurance Agreement. On September 25, 2026, Hartford Fire Insurance Company received a cash payment of $1.12 billion, and, upon receipt of such payment, the Reinsurance Agreement was commuted and terminated in accordance with the terms of the Commutation Agreement, and the Hartford Insurers and NICO were released from liabilities and obligations arising under the Reinsurance Agreement and related transaction documents. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure As a result of the transactions described in Item 1.02 above, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2026, The Hartford expects to recognize a before tax net gain of $497 million, an increase in net income of $393 million, and no impact on core earnings. The before tax gain reflects the release of the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance after giving effect to the commutation. Cautionary Statement Regarding Information Some of the statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K may be considered statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, among others, statements regarding the expected financial and accounting effects of the transactions described above. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may affect future results, including those discussed in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any statements, except as required by law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits Exhibit No. 101 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted as Inline XBRL. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. September 25, 2026 By: /s/ Beth A. Costello Name: Beth A. Costello Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer