BETA Close X Pets at Home Group Plc has announced the posting of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 26 March 2026, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting and the associated Form of Proxy. These documents have been sent to shareholders and are available on the company's website, as well as being submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The AGM is scheduled to take place on 9 July 2026. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 09 June 2026 LEI: 2138003Y9ULD24PD3J93 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 9 JUNE 2026 Pets at Home Group Plc: Posting of Annual Report & Accounts and Notice of AGM Pets at Home Group Plc ("Company") announces that its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 26 March 2026 ("Annual Report"), Notice ("Notice") of the 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and Form of Proxy for the 2026 AGM have been sent to shareholders and the Annual Report and Notice are available on the Company's website at: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/investors/ . In compliance with UKLR 6.4.1(R), the Company has submitted electronic copies of the following documents to the National Storage Mechanism appointed by the Financial Conduct Authority and these will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism : · a PDF of the Annual Report; · Notice of the 2026 AGM; · Form of Proxy for the 2026 AGM; and · A copy of the rules of the proposed Pets at Home Group Plc Performance Share Plan. The AGM will be held at 09:00am on 9 July 2026 at Pets at Home, Chester House, Stanley Green Trading Estate, Handforth, Cheshire, SK9 3RN . ENDS Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc: +44 (0) 161 486 6688 Lesley Lazenby, Company Secretary About Pets At Home Pets at Home Group Plc is the UK's leading pet care business, providing pets and their owners with the very best advice, products and care. Pet products are available online or from 460 pet care centres, many of which also have vet practices and grooming salons. The Group also operates a leading small animal veterinary business, with over 450 veterinary general practices located both in our pet care centres and in standalone locations. For more information visit: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and