BETA Close X Pets at Home Group Plc announced that as of July 31, 2026, its total issued share capital consists of 444,052,022 ordinary shares of 1p each, all of which carry equal voting rights and none are held in treasury. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate notification requirements under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules regarding their interests in the company. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 03 August 2026 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 3 August 2026 PETS AT HOME GROUP PLC Total Voting Rights As at 31 July 2026, the registered share capital of Pets at Home Group plc (the "Company") consisted of 444,052,022 ordinary shares of 1p each. All of the ordinary shares have equal voting rights and there are no shares held in Treasury. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. This disclosure is given in accordance with DTR 5.6.1 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. LEI: 2138003Y9ULD24PD3J93 Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc Lesley Lazenby, Company Secretary Alex Chesworth, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0) 161 486 6688 Investor Relations Enquiries Andrew Porteous, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7740 361 849 Aaron Wood, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7702 083 154 Media Enquiries Natalie Cullington, Head of Communications +44 (0) 7974 594 701 About Pets at Home Pets at Home Group Plc is the UK's leading pet care business, providing pets and their owners with the very best advice, products and care. Pet products are available online or from 460 pet care centres, many of which also have vet practices and grooming salons. The Group also operates a leading small animal veterinary business, with over 450 veterinary general practices located both in our pet care centres and in standalone locations. For more information visit: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and