BETA Close X Pets at Home Group Plc has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 26 March 2026, making the XHTML version available on the National Storage Mechanism and the company's website. This regulatory filing ensures that all required regulated information is accessible in its unedited full text for investors and stakeholders. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 29 June 2026 LEI: 2138003Y9ULD24PD3J93 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 29 JUNE 2026 Pets at Home Group Plc: Publication of Annual Report & Accounts in accordance with DTR 4.1 Pets at Home Group Plc ("Company") announces that, in compliance with DTR 6.2.10R, the XHTML version of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 26 March 2026 ("Annual Report") has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism appointed by the Financial Conduct Authority and it will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A), the regulated information required to be communicated to the media by DTR 6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report as uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the Company's website at: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/investors/ . ENDS Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc: +44 (0) 161 486 6688 Lesley Lazenby, Company Secretary Alex Chesworth, Deputy Company Secretary About Pets At Home Pets at Home Group Plc is the UK's leading pet care business, providing pets and their owners with the very best advice, products and care. Pet products are available online or from 460 pet care centres, many of which also have vet practices and grooming salons. The Group also operates a leading small animal veterinary business, with over 450 veterinary general practices located both in our pet care centres and in standalone locations. For more information visit: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and