BETA Close X Pets at Home Group Plc reported a 3.9% increase in total consumer revenue to £614 million for the 16-week period ending July 16, 2026, maintaining its full-year guidance. Vet Group revenue grew 1.9% to £215 million, outpacing the market, while Retail revenue rose 4.9% to £399 million, driven by the Retail Turnaround Plan and broad-based sales growth, with volumes exceeding sales. The company is progressing with its £50 million share buyback program, having completed £25 million by the end of the first half. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 30 July 2026 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 30 JULY 2026 Pets at Home Group Plc: Q1 FY27 Trading Statement for the 16-week period to 16 July 2026 Full year guidance maintained with the Retail Turnaround Plan supporting momentum Financial Highlights · Total Group consume r revenue 1 up 3.9% to £614m. o Vet Group consumer revenue up 1.9% to £215m , growth remains ahead of the market, with sales in line with expectations. Growth underpinned by strong Care Plan performance and sign-ups alongside higher average transaction values. o Retail consumer revenue up 4.9% to £399m . Q1 performance saw our business win market share, with momentum being underpinned by Retail Turnaround Plan initiatives. Sales growth is broad based with volumes comfortably growing ahead of sales. Q1 growth also benefited from a c1% timing benefit as we exited our legacy PetPlan insurance agreement. Business Highlights · The Retail Turnaround Plan continues to deliver with category resets on Dog Food, Cat Food and Treats all launched in Q1. This is alongside the launch of a comprehensive investment program refreshing our store estate. · Retail customer satisfaction is higher YoY as we maintain a continued focus on improving execution. We saw strong improvements in value for money, product availability and ease of instore order collection. · Active Pets Club members of 7.0m remains impacted by methodology changes 7 in the prior year; total Retail transactions grew 2% in the quarter, continuing to underpin strong volume growth. Current trading and outlook · We make no change to FY27 guidance. · We are encouraged by the start we have made in FY27 and the broad based Retail momentum and share gains delivered set us up well for the remainder of the year where we will be lapping a more stable Retail performance · Our £50m share buyback program is progressing with £25m to be complete by the end of H1. James Bailey, Chief Executive Officer: "We have made an encouraging start to FY27, trading in line with expectations and clear further signs that our Retail Turnaround Plan is gaining traction. Retail saw stronger momentum, with all categories delivering sales and volume growth, while our Vet Group continued to grow ahead of the market. We remain focused on delivering better value, stronger execution and more convenient pet care for customers, while building a more resilient and profitable business." Key Performance Indicators 2 Strategic KPIs FY27 Q1 FY26 Q1 YoY Number of active Pets Club members 3 (m) 7.0 8.1 -13.6% Average Consumer Value 4 (£) 210 180 16.7% % of Consumer Revenue from Subscription 5 (%) 15.3% 14.5% 5.5% Clinical FTE Headcount 6 (k) 3.7 3.5 4.0% 1. Consumer revenue includes total revenue across the Group including consumer sales made by Joint Venture vet practices, and therefore differs to the fee income recognised within Vet Group statutory revenue. 2. KPIs represent those used by the business to monitor performance. Management recognise that as Alternative Performance Measures they differ to statutory metrics, but believe they represent the most appropriate KPIs. 3. Active Pets Club members are retained consumers who transacted across the group in the last 365 days prior to the end of the reporting period for both the current and prior year. 4. Average consumer value (ACV) is the average spend of active Pets Club members across the group over the last 365 days based on consumer revenue. 5. Subscription revenue includes our Flea & Worm, Easy Repeat, Complete Care and Vac4Life plans and is divided by Group consumer revenue. 6. Full time equivalent number of all vets and nurses working across the group, based on standard working hours. 7. In Q1 FY26 we implemented a change in how store colleagues are able to look up Pet Club member records in our till system. This resulted in a reduction in lower spending customers in our active Pets Club members base. Correspondingly, the number of non-Pets Club transactions increased. Our next scheduled update will be our interim results announcement on 25 November 2026. Investor Relations Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc: Andrew Porteous, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7740 361 849 Aaron Wood, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7702 083 154 Media Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc: Natalie Cullington, Head of Communications +44 (0) 7974 594 701 Citigate Dewe Rogerson: Angharad Couch +44 (0) 7507 643 004 About Pets at Home Pets at Home Group Plc is the UK's leading pet care business, providing pets and their owners with the very best advice, products and care. Pet products are available online or from 460 pet care centres, many of which also have vet practices and grooming salons. The Group also operates a leading small animal veterinary business, with over 450 veterinary general practices located both in our pet care centres and in standalone locations. For more information visit: http://investors.petsathome.com/ Disclaimer This trading statement does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire or dispose of any Pets at Home Group Plc shares or other securities nor should it form the basis of or be relied on in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever. It does not constitute a recommendation regarding any securities. Past performance, including the price at which the Company's securities have been bought or sold in the past, is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. Certain statements in this trading statement constitute forward-looking statements. Any statement in this document that is not a statement of historical fact including, without limitation, those regarding the Company's future plans and expectations, operations, financial performance, financial condition and business is a forward-looking statement. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among other factors, changing economic, financial, business or other market conditions. These and other factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described in this statement. As a result you are cautioned not to place reliance on such forward-looking statements. Nothing in this statement should be construed as a profit forecast. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and