BETA Close X Natalie-Jane Macdonald, a Non-Executive Director and Person Discharging Managerial Responsibility at Pets at Home Group Plc, purchased 2,525 ordinary shares on July 20, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. The purchase was made at a price of £1.9758 per share, totaling £4,998.86. This represents an initial notification of the transaction. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 22 July 2026 22 July 2026 Pets at Home Group plc Director/PDMR Shareholding 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated (a) Name Natalie-Jane Macdonald 2. Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Person Discharging Managerial Responsibility/Non-Executive Director (b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer (a) Name Pets at Home Group Plc (b) LEI 2138003Y9ULD24PD3J93 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the Financial Instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 nominal value each in the capital of Pets at Home Group Plc (b) Identification code of the Financial Instrument GB00BJ62K685 (c) Nature of the transaction Purchase of ordinary shares of £0.01 nominal value each in the capital of Pets at Home Group Plc (d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.9758 per share 2,525 (e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price - Aggregated Total 2,525 shares £1.9758 per share £4,998.86 (f) Date of the transaction 20 July 2026 (g) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Enquiries : Lesley Lazenby, Company Secretary Alex Chesworth, Deputy Company Secretary Pets At Home Group plc Tel: 0161 486 6688 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and