pets at home
Group plc

CTL

Taking the lead
in total pet care

pets at home

Group ple
Overview
The year in review 4
Ata glance 6
Investment case 8
Chairman's statement 10
Market overview 2
Strategy
Chief Executive's statement 14
Strategy 20
Pet care in action 4
Performance

Key performance indicators 30
Business model 34
Stakeholder engagement 36
Chief Financial Officer's review 38
Operating review 44
Risk management 52
Risks and uncertainties 54
Corporate Social Responsibility 62
Governance report
Governance report 82
Board of Directors 92
Directors’ Report 94
Statement of Directors’ Responsil 101
‘Audit and Risk Committee Report 102
Nomination and Corporate

Governance Committee Report 107
Corporate Social Responsibility

and Pets Come First Committee no
Directors’ Remuneration Report n2
Financial statements

Independent Auditor's report 134
Consolidated income statement 142
Consolidated statement of

comprehensive income 142
Consolidated balance sheet 143
Consolidated statement of changes

in equity as at 26 March 2020 144
Consolidated statement of changes

in equity as at 28 March 2019 144
Consolidated statement of cashflows 145
Company balance sheet 146
Company statement of changes

in equity as at 26 March 2020 147
Company statement of changes

in equity as at 28 March 2019 147
Company income statement 147
Company statement of cashflows 148
Notes (forming part of the

financial statements) 149
Glossary - Alternative

Performance Measures 20
Advisors and contacts 226

Our vision is to become the best
pet care business in the world.

We provide customers with
everything they need to be the
best pet owner they can be.

Financial and operational highlights

The year in review

Our performance in the year reflects
the success of our pet care strategy.
The pet care market remained in
structural growth, and we continue to
take share across all channels and key
categories of our pet care ecosystem.

Our Retail business has traded
particularly well and delivered
underlying profit! growth, whilst

the actions taken in our First Opinion
vet business were delivered exactly
as planned.

In the closing weeks of FY20 we
experienced exceptional levels of
demand, both in-store and online,

as the COVID-19 crisis developed;
leading to incremental sales and
profit. Whilst previous investments in
omnichannel capacity meant we were
well equipped to meet this demand,
the subsequent lockdown in the UK
meant we had to take decisive action
to navigate the business through a
period of unprecedented uncertainty.
For a detailed review of our response,
refer to page 16.

1 Attendtive Performance Measures (APMs) are defned and reconciled to IFRS
information, where possible, on page 220,

4 Pets at Home Group Plc

Operational highlights

Growing our pet care ecosystem

The first full year of our pet care strategy has delivered
strong results and we have made excellent progress
across all four pillars. In doing so, we have taken market
share across our chosen segments, and at the same
time expanded in to attractive adjacencies.

Link to strategy:
Becoming the best pet care business in the world

Exceptional performance in Retail

Like-for-like! revenue growth in Retail of 94%, or 15%

ona two-year basis, represents sustained momentum.

In particular, previous investment in our online platform
and automation enabled us to meet the exceptional
demand seen in the closing weeks of the year due to the
coronavirus outbreak. Together with sustainable pricing
and tight cost control, we grew both underlying profit
and free cashflow.

Link to strategy:

Bring the pet experience to life
Set our people free to serve

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Financial highlights

Focus on recruitment of puppies and kittens Revenue (£m)

Our active VIP loyalty club member base is now

5.6m, having grown 31% in the year. This has been 0
driven by a focus on signing up even more of 1 05 8 8

the UK's puppy and kitten owners to our tailored £ J ° mM +] 0.2 %
programme of rewards and benefits in the Puppy
and Kitten Clubs, and introducing them to all parts Underlying PBT' (£m) (pre-IFRS16?)
of our pet care ecosystem.

Link to strategy: £ 9 9 5 1 1 O%
Use data and VIP to better serve customers . ) +11.0O%

Bring the pet experience to life

woday aauewsaAo5

Statutory PBT (£m)

First Opinion customer sales growing

ahead of the market
Like-for-like' customer sales generated by all £ 85 . 9 mM +73.3%

First Opinion vet practices grew 13.5%. Even those
Joint Venture practices which are mature continue
to grow ahead of the market, proving the value

of our unique shared ownership model.

— £89.6m  — +40.7%

50% of sales from pet services

‘Swuawayeys epueuly

Underlying free cashflow’ (£m)

Statutory basic EPS (pence)

Recalibration of First Opinion vet

business complete

Our plans to buy out and in some cases close a | 3 5 p +171 0%
small number of Joint Venture practices, whilst ° .

at the same time making adjustments to the fee

arrangements for ongoing Joint Ventures, are now Dividend per share (pence)
complete and will provide a strong foundation to
deliver sustainable profit and free cashflow growth
over the longer term. 7 5 p
.
Link to strategy:

50% of sales from pet services

2 TheimpactofifAS16 on the Group financial statements
has been to decrease underlying PBT by £60m,

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 Pets at Home Group Pic 5

Ata glance

Our pet care
ecosystem

A unique combination
of products and services

Although we report our Retail and Vet Group businesses
separately, in the eyes of our customers they are highly
complementary to each other. This allows us to provide
complete pet care to customers in a way competitors
cannot replicate.

Revenue and underlying EBIT” contribution by segment

Underlying

Revenue (£m) EBIT™*(£m)

Retail 9376 817
Vet Group 1212 302

A range of pet products is available both online and in our stores,
which offer far more to the pet owner than just a place to buy food
and accessories. Through our in-store experience and services,
knowledgeable colleagues and award winning VIP loyalty club, we
aim to make pet ownership affordable, convenient and rewarding.

© Operating review, Page 44

Vet Group

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APMS)aredefined
and reconciled to IFRS information, where possible,on page 20.
2 Cential costs of £86} not shown above

£6.5bn >5.6m

UK pet care market, which Active VIP loyalty club members
is resilient and in growth

We provide the full spectrum of veterinary services through
a network of First Opinion practices which handle all aspects.
of general veterinary care, and Specialist Referral centres
which provide highly specialist services to pets referred from

1 6 % > 8 across the entire First Opinion market.
C 0 x © Operating review, Page 48
Proportion of VIPS who purchase Annual spend by ViPs who shop

both products and services across our ecosystem vs those
fromus who shop only in-store

6 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

9
Apet care destination Omnichannel capabilities Fs
In addition to pet products, our stores also Our extended range of food and accessories Our locations Z
allow customers to benefit from a range is available for customers to shop online 24/7, Our stores, Groom Room salons, First Opinion 8
of pet care services such as dog and cat with multiple convenient delivery options vet practices and Specialist Referral centres H
grooming, subscription packages, educational to choose from, including collection in-store. _are located nationwide, allowing us to offer
workshops, events and access to expert Alternatively, colleagues can also place a convenient pet care to customers across

pet knowledge and advice through our customer order from our extended range the UK,

well-trained colleagues. whilst in-store using a dedicated PetPad app.

We also offer subscription platforms for
monthly flea & worm treatments and regular
food deliveries, making pet care even more
convenient and affordable.

453 55%

Stores ‘Of omnichannel’ revenues
{are assisted by a colleague Fy
2
56% >9,600 :
Of stores have a vet practice and grooming salon Products in our extended online range &

First Opinion practices Specialist Referral centres

Our nationwide network of First Opinion Our Specialist Referral centres represent
small animal veterinary practices mostly the cutting edge of veterinary care.
‘operate under the Vets4Pets brand and in They provide medicine and surgery

conjunction with our Joint Venture Partners, for the most complex cases, including
providing the opportunity for entrepreneurial — orthopaedic surgery, neurosurgery,
vets to own their own business. This Joint oncology and state of the art

Venture arrangement offers clinical and diagnostic imaging.

operational freedom to veterinary surgeons,

supported by our business expertise. We

also operate a number of company managed

First Opinion practices, which are owned in

full by us.
Joint Venture First Opinion practices Specialist Referal centres eSuneswahaverend groomer
«Standalone vets
4 5 Cl 7 O @) O *# Specialist Referalcenties
J
Company managed Fist Opinion practices Cases treated by our specialists

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 Pets at Home Group Plc 7

Investment case

The central tenets of a
compelling business model

|

Strong position in a large, resilient
market that is in structural growth

~ We have c19% share of a pet care market worth £6.5bn

~ Steady pet population of c18m dogs and cats, where there
is increasing humanisation and premiumisation

- Taking share across ali key categories and channels through
‘our winning combination of complete pet care

2

A unique proposition of products and services

providing competitive advantages

— Shoppers who transact across the full range of products and services
spend >8x more each year compared to store-only shoppers

- Only c16% of all VIPs current shop across both product and
services ~ leaving considerable headroom for growth

~ An expanding ecosystem of pet care, with multiple revenue streams
of non-discretionary, non-seasonal and small ticket spend

8 Pets at Home Group Plc

3

Trusted and well known brand making pet
care affordable, convenient and rewarding

— Over 28 years of serving the nations’ pet owners, with
knowledgeable in-store colleagues offering expert advice

- Competitive pricing across branded pet food and strong
penetration of private label

- Convenient retail proposition of 453 experiential stores and
fast growing omnichannel business provide multiple customer
acquisition opportunities

4

Investment in data to increase the lifetime
value of 5.6m highly engaged VIP loyalty
club members

- 75% of all store revenues are spent by VIPs, with over seven years’
worth of proprietary transactional data

- By leveraging our data, we aim to introduce customers to all parts
of our ecosystem which are relevant to them, and capture more of
their overall pet care spend

- Benefits of recent investment in data capabilities still to flow

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

5

Unique owner-operator Joint Venture
model in First Opinion vets

~ Largest branded veterinary business in the UK, with practices
located in two-thirds of stores plus a number of standalone
locations

— Provides entrepreneurial vets the opportunity to run their own
‘business and operate with complete clinical and operational
freedom

- Once debt-free, Partners are entitled to all practice profits as
a dividend and also realise the capital value of the practice
when exiting

/

Capability and capacity expansion
in Specialist Referrals

— Fastest growing part of the pet care market, with large transaction
values underpinned by pet insurance

— Complementary adjacency to First Opinion, serving referrals
from both our own practices and competitors

— Four acquired centres plus a greenfield site scheduled to
‘open in 2020

9

Strong financial position
and returns potential

— Recent actions in both Retail and the First Opinion vet business
provide a strong foundation for future growth

- Resilient balance sheet with good liquidity of £162m, low leverage
and significant headroom on banking covenants

~ Highly cash generative with free cashflow conversion of 63%
and a 7.5p dividend per share maintained in FY20

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

6

Significant profit and free cashflow growth
opportunity from First Opinion vet
practice maturity

~ 31% ofall First Opinion practices are four years old or less,
with all cohorts growing customer sales ahead of the market,
even in mature practices

— Up to £40m incremental cash flow opportunity once all existing
Practices mature

- Further upside opportunity from rollout of new practices,
with potential for up to 700 locations

8

Growing numbers on subscription
platforms, creating a high margin
annuity income stream

qwodas auewaNOD

— Over 865,000 customers currently on some form
of subscription package, up 23% year-on-year

= Significant potential to personalise packages and reach
more of the cl8m dogs and cats in the UK

- Creates loyalty across both Retail and Vet segments.

‘Syuawayeis eoueury

10

Strong governance and
commitment to sustainability

- Executive Management Team with a combination of long
tenures and recent new recruits aligned to strategic priorities,
with a track record of taking decisive action

= Balanced Board of Directors with a broad range of skills
and experience

- Strong sense of social purpose focusing on our CSR agenda
and designed to deliver returns for all stakeholders

Pets at Home Group Plc 9

Chairman’s statement

A year of
progress

“The Group has had a successful year and
made excellent progress across all pillars
of our pet care strategy. Our Retail business
delivered sustained revenue growth that
converted strongly to profit, and we delivered
our recalibration of the First Opinion vet
business. Although the final weeks of the
year were extraordinary given the impact of
the coronavirus pandemic, and the outlook
remains uncertain, we believe that now
more than ever pets have a crucial role
to play in their owners’ everyday lives.”

Tony DeNunzio
Non-Executive Chairman

10 Pets at Home Group Plc

In FY20, our pet care ecosystem reached more customers than ever
before as we provided convenient, affordable and rewarding pet care
to UK pet owners. Overall, we generated revenue growth of 10.2%, to
£1,058.8m, within which like-for-like sales' grew 9.0%. Underlying profit
before tax’ grew by 11.0% to £99.5m on a comparable pre-IFRSI6
‘basis, and the Board proposes to maintain the ordinary dividend at
75 pence per share. This ordinary dividend reflects the strong cash
position at year end and our forecast future liquidity. Our overall
performance confirms the success of our strategy in bringing our
Retail and Vet Group businesses closer together to deliver a winning
combination of products and services for customers, setting us apart
from our competitors.

We are particularly pleased with this outcome considering the
backdrop against which it has been achieved. The general uncertainty
created by a Brexit process that impacted both consumer and
business behaviour, the well documented challenging retail landscape
and, towards the end of the year, the impact of the coronavirus
pandemic all posed challenges which we had to overcome.

Despite these unprecedented times, one thing has remained true

- the UK is a nation of pet lovers. We have always believed that during
times of uncertainty, pets remain ‘one of the family’ and continue to
receive the very best care from their owners.

Strategy

We have made excellent progress in becoming the best pet care
business in the world. In particular, | would like to bring the following
achievements to shareholders’ attention this year.

The performance in Retail has been outstanding, By offering
customers great products at competitive prices, and making their
experience convenient and rewarding, we have been able to take
market share across all key categories. We have seen strong growth in
customer transactions, driven by a focus on new customer acquisition,
as well as in customers signing up to our subscription plans, where
there is considerable headroom to develop an annuity revenue stream.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

In the Vet Group, the changes we have made to the First Opinion
business have been exactly as we planned. The improved underlying
performance of the vet practice estate demonstrates that our Joint
Venture model works, and that by taking this decisive action we have
positioned the business well for future growth.

In addition to the strategic execution that contributed directly

to the financial performance in the year, we have also made
considerable progress in laying strong foundations for future growth.
In particular, investment in our data capabilities and automation for
‘our omnichannel business will be key to unlocking our growing pet
care ecosystem.

Management

After welcoming a number of new members to the Executive
Management Team last year as we aligned our structure and
capability to the new pet care strategy, ! am pleased that there have
been no further changes. This demonstrates stability and confidence
that we have the right leadership to deliver our pet care strategy and
generate long term shareholder returns.

The focus this yeer has been on ensuring that we have the right
people and infrastructure in place to support the Executive
Management Team in their objectives, and to that end we have
sought to align our internal ways of working across all parts of the
Group to ensure we operate efficiently and deliver the best possible
service to our customers, Partners and colleagues.

Colleagues

Our people remain the foundation of our business. We provide a
number of highly specialised services to customers through our
trained veterinarians, vet nurses and grooming colleagues, as well as
our knowledgeable store teams - all of whom share the joy of pet
ownership with customers every single day. This year, more than ever
before, | would like to thank them for their dedication to our business
- not least over the past three months when colleagues throughout
the entire business have worked tirelessly to overcome the adversity
presented by the coronavirus outbreak and serve our customers.

Outlook

We have finished the year in a good position, with a strong balance
sheet and having delivered underlying profit' and free cashflow’
growth. However, like all businesses, the future remains uncertain
given the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. That said, having taken
decisive action across both our Retail and Vet Group divisions in
recent years, the Board has every confidence that we have a strong
foundation from which to continue serving UK pet owners, and is
determined that we emerge an even stronger business.

Finally, it is time to me to sign off after 10 years as Chairman of Pets
at Home. It has been a pleasure and privilege to lead such a special
business with such an extraordinary group of colleagues. | believe
the Company is more strongly positioned now than ever before.
The ongoing resilience and growth of the UK pet market, coupled
with our adaptable pet care strategy and talented leadership team,
mean that | leave as Chairman confident that, despite short term
uncertainties, the business has a strong long term future.

Malm:

Tony DeNunzio
Non-Executive Chairman
21 May 2020

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our response to COVID-19

As we approached the end of the financial year, our focus and
attention turned to the far-reaching and devastating effects of
COVID-19. Our Executive Management Team responded to the
immediate challenges quickly and decisively, implementing
protocols to safeguard the wellbeing and safety of colleagues,
Partners and customers. These actions enabled the safe continuity
of customer service across our Retail and Vet Group operations
and had the full support and appreciation of the Board. | would
like to thank each member of the management team for their
resilience and adaptability as we navigate the business through
these unprecedented times.

Amidst this period of uncertainty, it has become clear that Pets at
Home, like most businesses across all sectors of the economy, will
not be immune to the challenges faced from COVID-19, However,
in times of extreme difficulty strong management teams build
stronger businesses. | have every confidence that our current
management has the requisite skill and energy to ensure that

Pets at Home can emerge a stronger business in a post-pandemic
world, and means that | hand over my role as Chairman to lan
Burke confident in the long term sustainability of our business.

© Read more about our response to COVID-19
in the Chief Executive's statement Page 16

Welcoming our new Chairman
| am delighted that following an extensive search process,
lan Burke will succeed me as Non-Executive Chairman.

lan has been Chair of Studio Retail Group ple since 2017 and is also
a Non-Executive Senior Independent Director of intu properties
pic, where he has been a member of various Board committees
since 2018. lan has extensive Board experience, where past
positions include CEO of Thistle Hotels, Chair of the privately
owned veterinary group Vet Partners, and a long tenure on the
Board at Rank Group plc as Non-Executive Chair, Executive Chair
and Chief Executive Officer.

Since announcing lan’s appointment in February, the business has
faced extraordinary times and significant uncertainly created by
the coronavirus pandemic. Whilst Pets at Home is a high quality
and resilient business, it was necessary to take action to protect
colleague welfare, strengthen our liquidity position and ensure the
long term viability of the business. As such, it was appropriate to
have an extended transition period to ensure an orderly handover
and | now wish lan every success in leading Pets at Home.

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined and reconciled 10 FS information, where
possible,on page 220.

Pets at Home Group Pic n

pods s5ueWaNO5

‘swuawares epueuly

Market overview

The UK pet care |
market remains large,
resilient and in growth

UK pet care market

By sector value 2019" (£) Our market share in 2019" (9)
Grooming |Veterinary | Food Accessories
10% 15% 17% 42%

Market growth during 2019"

Retail total £4.0bn Retail total 3%
Food? £2.8bn Food? 63%
Accessories? £0.9bn —_ Accessories? 4%
Grooming £0.3bn —_ Grooming 4%

Veterinary? £2.5bn Veterinary’ 5%

£6.5bn cA%

Estimated UK pet care market value Estimated growth of UK pet care market in 2019

clO%

Online penetration of pet products* market

Source: Pets at Home data, UK market eponts, CBC 2017,
Includes onine spend fiom pet products

Veterinary includes Fest Opinion and Specialist Refercals marke.
Includes food and accessories

12 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020