Pats

arene @ ogernet
JAC VERY DeSt tm

pet Care

[ 1-3]

Strategic Report

1 Highlights

2 Chair's Statement

3 Market overview

4-5 Chief Executive Officer's review

‘6 Business model & investment case

7-8 Key performance indicators

9-12 Stakeholder engagement &
section 172 statement

13-15 Sustainability review

16-18 Chief Financial Officer's review

19-29 Risk review

30 Going Concern and Viability

a Non-financial and sustainability

information statement

32-713

Governance

32-33 Board of Directors

34 Leadership and purpose

35-36 Division of Responsibilities

37-39 Composition, Succession and Evaluation

40-41 Nomination and Corporate
Governance Committee Report

42-46 Audit and Risk Committee Report

47-48 Sustainability Committee Report

49-60 TCFD Statement

61-62 Directors’ Remuneration Report

63-70 Annual report on remuneration

71-72 Directors’ Report

73 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

in Respect of the Annual Report
and the Financial Statements

For more information:

14-145

Financial statements

4-79
80
80

81
82

82

83
84-138

139
140

140

141-142

143-145,

Please visit our 2025 Sustainability Report

Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Equity as at 27 March 2025

Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Equity as at 28 March 2024
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Notes to the consolidated

financial statements

Company Balance Sheet

Company statement of changes

in equity as at 27 March 2025
Company statement of changes

in equity as at 28 March 2024

Notes to the parent company
financial statements

Glossary - Alternative

Performance Measures

-

01

Ill

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements

We provide the best
products, services
and advice to guide
pet owners through
their pet care journey.

We are the UK’s leading pet care business, offering a unique
blend of pet care solutions seamlessly connected across all
channels, delivering an unrivalled experience to consumers.

Highlights

Sustainability highlights

250+

products carbon footprinted

Financial highlights

Group Statutory Revenue (£m)
£1,482.1m 40%,

Group Statutory Profit Before Tax (PBT) (£m)

£120.6m «141.
C1057)

2024 £105.7m

2023 £122.5m

1 Alternative Performance

1.6m

own brand complete cat and dog food pet meals donated at our
pet food collection points

60,000+

Pets workshop

Group Underlying PBT' (Em)
£133.0m +07.

2025

2024

2023
Dividend Per Share (pence)

13.0p 41.6%

2025

2024

2023

Measures (APMs) are defined and reconciled to IFRS information, on pages 143 to 145.

children attended a

02 Pets at Home Group Pie Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chair’s Statement

Delivering our strategy.

Strategy

Aclear purpose runs through Pets at Home
~ ‘to create a better world for pets and the
people who love them’ - and a clear strategy
is in place to deliver this.

This strategy is to build an integrated,
‘omnichannel, consumer-centric platform
which unifies our unique blend of products,
services, and advice, connecting them
seamlessly across all channels to deliver

an unrivalled experience for consumers. In
what has been a challenging year, two key
milestones have been delivered that will
underpin the business for many years to come.

In March 2024, we initially launched our new
digital platform to consumers. While initially
disruptive, the team has focused on building
functionality through FY25 and enters FY26
with a well-functioning app and website that
is expected to drive growth in the business.
Early progress has already been seen in
subscriptions which represent an important
part of the strategy and where the headroom
for growth is significant

In early 2025, the business began the final
part of the distribution network optimisation
— moving our online sales across to our
Stafford DC. By March this was complete
and since that point the business has been
operating from a single DC.

While significant strategic progress has
been made in the year, it has not been
without challenge. Across the globe, the
pet market has been through a period of
subdued growth, while the UK economic
backdrop has also been more challenging
than many anticipated.

66

FY25 has been a challenging but important year
for the business. Our two major projects, the
optimisation of our distribution network and
our digital platform, have been delivered against
the backdrop of subdued and volatile consumer
demand. With these projects complete our

“business is well set up for the future.

lan Burke, Chair

This has impacted our business, but we
remain fundamentally strong. We remain
the industry leader, the only business that
truly integrates product and service, and
we finished FY25 with more Pets Club
customers, more vets clients and higher
customer satisfaction meaning we are well
placed for the future.

Our commitment to running a sustainable
business is unwavering. Our values and
sense of responsibility run deeply through
our business and ensure we continue to
generate long-term sustainable growth for
all stakeholders.

Colleagues

Our colleagues, and their unrivalled skill,
passion, and expertise, remain a key strategic
advantage. They are the face of our business,
and work tirelessly every day to help guide
pet owners through their pet care journey.

The last 12 months represent another
critical period for the business with
important progress made, but also with
some challenges. Our colleagues have been
central to successfully navigating this and
positioning the business well for the future.
Personally, and on behalf of the Board,

| would like to thank them for their

‘ongoing hard work and dedication.

Governance

During the year, we were delighted to.
welcome Garret Turley to the Board as an
independent Non-Executive Director. Garret
is a qualified veterinarian who co-founded
and built Pet Doctors, after which he
transitioned into private equity focusing on
health and education investments.

He also has significant board experience.
His experience will be of great value to
the business.

We also saw Angelique Augereau step
down from the Board as an independent
Non-Executive Director.

Dividend

The business continues to be highly cash
generative, and despite strong levels of
investment, we finish the year in an ‘adjusted
net cash’ position

As such, the Board has recommended a final
dividend of 8.3 pence per share, taking the
total dividend for the year to 13.0 pence per
share. The final dividend will be payable on
16 July 2025 to shareholders on the register
at the close of trading on 6 June 2025.

Looking ahead

Looking ahead, the pet care sector remains
an attractive market with growth prospects
supported by pets increasingly being seen
as part of the family. Pets at Home, through
our fully integrated omnichannel model, is
well positioned to benefit. The significant
investments we have made in the business
in recent years are now largely complete, but
the benefits lie ahead of us. We therefore
look to the future with much optimism, and
remain confident that our unique pet care
strategy will continue to deliver long-term
sustainable value to all our stakeholders.

Py

tan Burke
Chair
28 May 2025

Strategic Report

Market overview

Governance

Financial Statements

A growing pet care market.

03

The pet care market remains attractive and in growth.

Market driver:

Astable UK
pet population

The UK is a nation of pet lovers,
with the pet population now
expected to remain stable after
a period of significant growth
in 2020-22, as it was for many
years prior.

Our approach:

We cater for a variety of pet
types at accessible locations
nationwide and online and
offer a wide range of pet
products and pet care services.
We are increasingly focused
on providing a personalised
proposition to pet owners,
throughout their pet life,
catering to all their pet

care needs.

For more information:

C4

UK Pet Market

Market driver:

Humanisation

of pets

Pets are increasingly being
treated as a member of the
family with a continued trend of
selecting higher quality diets, an
increased focus on gifting and
wellness, and a greater desire

to use the very best health care
treatments and supplements.

Our approach:

Through our in-store colleagues
and online content, we are able
to explain the health benefits of
feeding your pet a better quality
diet. With many colleagues being
pet owners themselves, they
understand the emotional bond
between pets and their owners
and we support this with high
quality, leading own brands such
as Wainwright's and AVA.

Please visit www.petsathomepic.com

Market driver:

Continued channel
shift to online

Online penetration of the pet
products market continues to
increase. Price competitiveness
and convenience remain
important to the online shopping
experience, driven by ease

of price comparison and the
different delivery options
typically offered

Our approach:

The recent launch of our digital
platform and investment in
fulfilment capability, are critical
in unlocking future growth.
However, it is our omnichannel
capabilities that differentiate
us and our pet care centres
play a critical role enabling us
to offer products and services
to customers however it is most
convenient for them.

‘004 2006 2006 2007 70082007 200 2011

Source: ONS household spending data

202 209 70K 20% 706 207
Wt0

UK pet spend

208 20% 2020 20m wN 200 22

Market driver:

Advances in
veterinary care

The veterinary care market
continues to advance through
scientific research, and the
range of healthcare options
available to pet owners is
increasing. Together with

a growing awareness and
affordability of pet insurance,
more pet owners are able to.
do what is best for their pet
throughout their lifetime.

Our approach:

We aim to partner with the

very best veterinarians and vet
nurses through our unique Joint
Venture model to deliver the
best possible care to clients.

By locating vet practices across
the UK, both inside Pets at
Home stores and in standalone
locations, and offering 24/7
access to trusted advice through
our telehealth business, we
make access to this high quality
care easy and convenient for
pet owners.

04 Pets at Home Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

\

Chief Executive Officer’s review

Our platform to deliver future growth is now in place.

1am tremendously proud of our
colleagues and partners for navigating
this challenging but critical period
which leaves us in a position to look to
the future with confidence. While FY26
comes with its own challenges as we
digest externally imposed cost headwinds
and heightened macro uncertainty,
our objective is clear - to deliver
outperformance against our underlying
markets, across our business.

Our strategy Is clear. We are the UK's only
complete pet care provider, and our recent
transformational investments will provide

a platform for outperformance through
unlocking new areas of growth in existing
and adjacent markets, generating long-term
sustainable value for all stakeholders.

FY25 has been a critical year in the
delivery of our strategy, completing

and bedding in two major investment
programmes, our distribution network
optimisation and our digital platform. This
investment has been critical to futureproof
the business and has required significant
focus and resource to deliver, against a
challenging and uncertain trading backdrop.

With these two key programmes now
complete, our focus is now firmly on
delivering the omnichanne! benefits of
these investments across our 8.2m Pets
Club members. We will continue to improve
our experience and broaden our appeal as
we fully integrate vets, grooming and
insurance going forward. Our vision is on
track to build the world’s best pet care
platform, bringing together a best-in-

class omnichannel retail proposition with
our unique blend of services, through an
integrated and consumer-centric experience.

An integrated consumer experience
Our new digital platform is now live,
completing a key building block of

our strategy.

As consumers interact with our platform, we
are seeing increased conversion as consumer
journeys are simplified, and higher average
baskets as consumer engage with new features.

While FY25 was impacted by the transition
to the new platform, we have a long track
record of growing our online sales. We
expect to return to market outperformance
in FY26 and beyond as we leverage our
improved capability with a particular focus
on subscriptions growth and improved mix
through growing own brand and accessories
participation.

Our Pet Care Centres remain central to
‘our omnichannel experience. High quality
assets in their own right, and also providing
an important digital halo, with online sales
increasing over 25% in areas with a new
Pet Care Centre opening, Our new format
stores have performed well, with stronger
subscription and Pets Club sign-ups,

66

The past two years have seena
profound transformation at Pets at
Home. We have moved from a business
with a strong presence in pet retail
and vets, to a true pet care platform.

Lyssa McGowan, CEO

supporting a broader rollout, with 30
refreshes planned for FY26.

Consumers will continue to benefit as.
we further enhance our experience, truly
integrating our unique blend of products,
services and advice. Most importantly, we
can begin to use our best-in-class, first party
data much more effectively to better meet
consumer needs and drive incremental
demand.

Growing our recurring revenue streams

Our revenues are increasingly predictable
as our business mix improves, with more

of our revenues coming from areas such

as vets, grooming, and subscriptions. We
plan to continue to grow this further with
subscription participation still fairly low
across our 8.2m Pets Club members and
0.6m non-Pets Club vet clients (of 1.7m total
active vet clients).

Spotlight on Sustainability

Acting responsibly has always been at the heart of our business. Our sustainability
agenda is fully integrated into our strategy. centred around a shared purpose of
creating a better world for pets and the people who love them.

We are proud of the progress we have made this year.

- We have carbon footprinted over 250 of our own brand complete cat and dog food
products representing over 65% of own brand complete cat and dog food sales,
this is a key enabler to understanding our Scope 3 emissions and prioritising where

we take action.

We have Pet food bank collection points in all our Pet Care Centres. in partnership
with the Blue Cross, helping to keep pets in loving homes. In FY25 we collected
1.6m meals bringing the total since this initiative was launched to over 4 million,
Over 60,000 children attended one of our ‘My Pet pals’ or ‘Scout Association’

Pet Care Centre workshops over the course of the year.

For more information:

Cl

Please visit our 2025 Sustainability Report

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

The new digital platform has already
unlocked strong growth in Easy Repeat
subscriptions, which are +35% YoY. These
consumers are showing c50% higher
frequency and c50% higher ACV than prior
to taking out a plan.

We have also recently launched Easy Repeat
sign up in store, with over 1,000 sign-ups

a day so far. 75% of these in-store sign-ups
are opting for 2-4 weekly frequency vs 80% of
online sign-ups being 4-12 weeks. In addition,
over 90% of new sign-ups are opting for

Click & Collect.

Our headroom for growth remains significant,
with only €3% of our 8.2m Pets Club members
having an active Easy Repeat subscription
compared to over 50% of our vet clients who
have a Care Plan. Each 1% of consumers
moved onto Easy Repeat would add £10m

to our revenues,

Our relaunched Care Plans have been
a success in driving practice revenue
growth, Our Care Plans contributed 9%
to Vet Consumer revenue" growth as our
relaunched plans resonated well with
consumers and we sold more, higher
value plans, increasing the stickiness and
predictability of our vet revenues.

Differentiated. sector-leading vets

Our unique JV model has delivered another
year of double-digit growth and market share
gains. Our vet group is a clear #2 in the UK
First Opinion sector and is responsible for
33% of our consumer revenues, over 50% of
Group underlying PBT* and the majority of
Group Free Cash Flow*.

Strategic highlights

The Nation's Local Vet. The success of our
vets business begins with delivering the
best outcomes for consumers and their
pets. Our practice owners operate with
Clinical freedom, build their business with a
long term, community focus and compete
effectively to grow their consumer base,
supported by our national brand, platform
and industry leading support.

This shows up in differentiated economics
for us and our partners. In FY25:

- We increased our brand consideration
by 7pts and delivered a 4pts increase in
customer satisfaction from already high
levels.

Average practice revenues grew 12.8%
to £1.4m.

- OurJV practices reduced total
indebtedness by £6.4m to £24.8m and
paid c£.46m out to partners in dividends,
averaging over £150k per debt-free
practice.

This year we surpassed our vets FCF* target
of £60m. But the ambitions of us and our
partners are not satisfied. We will deliver
further growth through embedded maturity,
the rollout of new practices, and investments
in advanced capabilities and extensions.
While we expect recovery in Retail FCF*

in future, we expect Vets to continue to
contribute the majority of Group FCF*.

Practice maturity is not a constraint on our
growth, in FY25 sales growth in our 10+
year old practices was 11%. We have a clear
track record of growing practice revenues
beyond 10-years old through extensions

and advanced capabilities and plan for c15
further extensions in FY26 and c100 over the
medium term.

We also plan to accelerate our openings,
delivering >10 in FY26 and c100 over the
medium term.

We remain confident and consistent in our
view that our unique JV model still insulates
Us from many areas of the CMA’s concern
and await the CMA's provisional findings in
July 2025.

Insurance

Our new insurance venture will bring a
disruptive, Pets branded proposition to the
c£2bn pet insurance market. Pet insurance is
the largest vertical outside of Pets at Home's
current core operations. It is expected, by
Mintel, to grow at c4% per annum reaching
c£2.5bn by 2029We have secured an
experienced team, who have a 20% minority
stake, to build a capital light, Pets at Home
insurance proposition leveraging our brand,
data and leading consumer base. We will
deliver a disruptive consumer experience

by leveraging Al to remove key areas of
consumer friction.

We expect to incur start-up losses for
around 2 years as we move towards launch
and begin building our book of business.
We expect to reach break-even point
during FY28 before generating meaningful
profits thereafter. We believe over time the
business is capable of contributing c10%
of Group Profits.

Key elements of our strategy are now complete.

Distribution optimisation complete
8 channels now being serviced by our single site

Alls:

ibution centre in Stafford.

Digital platform complete

Fully cut over and functioning well providing the
foundations to leverage our Pets Club data to drive an

Winning on vet talent
Improved attraction and retention, more

vets driving growth in visits.

Increasingly personalised consumer experience.

Vet footprint growth & continued
investment in Pet Care Centres
3 new vet practices, 15 practice extensions, 4 new Pet

continues

Care Centres and 32 Pet Care Centre refits.

Subscription revenues up +30%

Growth across Easy Repeat and Care Plat
improved offer and functionality is resonating well.

our

Pet Club member growth

8.2m active members are now in the Club, up +5%.

06 Pets at Home Group Pie Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Business model & investment case

Our consumer focused business model and strategy.

Our Vision

To build the world’s best pet care platform

Integrated Omnichannel Consumer-centric
Nutrition - Physical Pet Care centres Seamless and frictionless

Accessories and practices
Preventative Care Virtual consultations Targeted and personalised
Curative Healthcare Digital advice and support Simple, unified experience across
Grooming & Wellbeing E-commerce, click & collect app, online, physical and virtual
Adjacencies E-pharmacy and telemedicine

Easy and enjoyable

hres

Delivering Driving economies Fuelling
economies of of scale and higher consumer and
scope productivity revenue growth

Aclear and compelling investment case.

As we look forward, we have refined our medium-term framework reflecting
the shape of growth and profits we expect to deliver over the medium term.

fahead ofisales)

Grcriconversion|
SOfProfiuAtter ees
Al ax/allcoO ome

returmed)toaas
Shareholders)

Wea

Winning market Driving Delivering cash Aclear and
share through efficiency profit growth consistent
vets and and operating on normalised capital
omnichannel leverage capex allocation
growth policy

[_] Fer more information:
www.petsathomeple.com

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Key performance indicators

Another year of strategic progress.

To support delivery of our strategy, we have a clearly defined
set of key performance indicators.

We are committed to generating shareholder
value and financial returns, and therefore
focus on three financial metrics we believe
are the best measure of our performance.
Alongside financial KPIs, we also have KPIs
aligned to our strategic progress to ensure we
can track delivery against our key objectives.

Financial performance
Group Consumer Revenue! (£m)

£1,961.9m +2.7%

202
zou
zon

‘What we are measuring

Group consumer revenue' is statutory
Group revenue, less Joint Venture
veterinary practice fee income, plus gross
consumer sales made by Joint Venture
veterinary practices. This is an important
measure as it includes revenues from
practices whether they be under the Joint
Venture or Company managed model.
Why is it important?

By growing Group consumer revenue’
across all parts of our business ahead of
the market, we are able to gain market
share. In particular, this means focusing on
the sales made by general vet practices,
whether they be under the Joint Venture
or Company managed model.

FY25 Result

Growth driven by Vets, with Vets
consumer revenue up 13.0%. Growth
driven by higher visits, average
transaction values and significant growth
in Care Plan revenues. Retail consumer
revenue down 1.8%, mainly impacted by

a challenging UK consumer backdrop.

Future plans

We expect our strategic initiatives to
deliver Group like-for-like’ revenue growth
ahead of the market across both the
Retail and Veterinary segments.

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) are defined and reconciled to IFRS information, on pages 143 to 145.

Financial KPls shown represent those used
by the business to monitor performance.
Management recognise that as Alternative
Performance Measures' they differ to
statutory metrics, but believe they represent
the most appropriate KPIs.

Group Underlying PBT' (Em)

£133.0m +0.7%

2025
2024

2023

Group underlying profit before tax' (PBT) is
based on pre-tax profit before the impact of
certain costs or incomes that are excluded
as they are not generated from ordinary
business operations, infrequent in nature and
unlikely to reoccur in the foreseeable future
In order to reflect management's view of the
performance of the Group. Statutory PBT in
FY25 was £120.6m, up 14.1% year on year.

Why is it important?

By generating strong levels of underlying
profit, we are able to demonstrate that our
strategy remains the right one, and that
we are delivering against our strategic
objecti

FY25 Result

Vet Group underlying PBT’ of £75.9m up
23.3%, driven by the increase in fee income
year on year whilst maintaining a broadly flat
cost base. Retail underlying PBT’ of £729m
down 16.6%, driven by the impact of lower
revenues with gross margins* broadly stable.

Future plans

We expect Group underlying PBT' of
between £115m-£125m in FY26.

For more information:

www.petsathomeplic.com

Free Cash Flow' (Em)

£83.8m +21.5%

ot QED

What we are measuring

The cash available for return to
shareholders after investing in the needs
of the business.

Why is it important?

Delivering free cash flow’ allows

us to make strategic investments in

the business to fuel further growth,
whilst providing an appropriate return to
shareholders.

FY25 Result

Vet Group free cash flow’ £67.5m up 23.3%
due to double digit consumer revenue
growth flowing into JV fee income. Retail
free cash flow' £30.6m up 14.6% due to
lower non-underlying costs YoY offsetting
the reduced Underlying PBT’.

Future plans

Generating free cash flow’ from our vet
business remains a significant value
creation opportunity. This, alongside
profit growth in Retail, will enable Group
free cash flow' to grow sustainably in the
medium term.

O8 Pets at Home Group Pie Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Kev performance indicators

Strategic performance

Number of active
Pets Club members

8.2m +5.0%

2023 7.7m

‘What we are measuring
Growth in the net number
of active members of our
Pets loyalty club. An active
member is defined as a
consumer who transacted
across the group in the last
365 days prior to the end of
the reporting period.

Why is it important?

By providing complete
pet care through a trusted
brand, we will attract more
pet owners to engage with
the Group, increasing our
market share.

FY25 Results

Increased growth supported
by new digital platform user
journey alongside Pet Care
Centre colleague sign ups.

Future plans

We will continue to leverage
our integrated omnichannel
pet care model to make it
convenient and rewarding
for consumers to engage
seamlessly across our

full platform of products,
services and advice.

Average Consumer Value

£175 -1.7%

2025 £175

What we are measuring

The average annual spend from
our Pets loyalty club members
across the Group. This includes
all spend across both the Retail
and Vet Group businesses.

Why is it important?

Our Pets loyalty club is a unique
asset providing data and insight
to help us increase share-of-
wallet, engagement and loyalty,
encouraging further spend
across our full pet care platform.

FY25 Result

Faster customer growth than
anticipated diluted our overall
ACV but our retained customer
ACV is growing 1.3% to £216.

Future plans

Continuing to leverage our data
capabilities is a key underpin of

our future growth plans. We are
harnessing our deep actionable
insights to better serve the
needs of pet owners and deliver
more personalised content

and offers relevant to each
individual pet.

% of consumer revenue!
from subscriptions

13.0% +30.0%

zou

What we are measuring
The proportion of total
consumer revenue contributed
by our three core subscription
offerings, namely veterinary
health care plans, flea and worm
subscriptions and our Easy
Repeat service.

Why is it important?

The ability to offer consumers
convenient pet care through
subscription services is a key
competitive differentiator for
the Group.

FY25 Result

Strong growth across Easy
Repeat and Care Plans as our
Improved offer and functionality
resonates with customers.

Future plans

Generating sales from
subscriptions is an essential
part of being a pet care platform
and not solely a retailer. We will
continue to focus on growth

in this area aided by our new
digital platform.

Clinical FTE

3.5K 6.0%

2024 3.3k

What we are measuring
The number of full-time
equivalent vets and nurses
working across our vet
practices whether employed
directly by the Group or not.

Why is it important?

By creating additional
clinical capacity in our vet
practices, it enables us to
meet the growing demand
from pet owners, and further
grow our vet business
through new practice
openings and practice
extensions.

FY25 Result

Successful recruitment and
retention of clinical tatent
supported by presence

at London vet show

and national marketing
campaign.

Future plans

By driving improvements in
recruitment, retention, and
wellbeing, we will ensure
we remain the employer

of choice for vets and
nurses, helping to underpin
continued growth across our
vet business.

Strategic Report Governance

Financial Statements

Ill

09

Stakeholder engagement & S172 statement

Engaging with our key stakeholders.

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 requires each Director to
act in the way they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members

as a whole and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to the:

- _ Likely consequences of any decisions in the long term;

= _ Interests of the Company's employees;

- Need to foster the Company's business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others:

- Impact of the Company's operations on the community and
environment:

- _ Desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high
standards of business conduct; and

- Need to act fairly between members of the Company.

Stakeholder engagement takes place at all levels within Pets and is
an integral part of how we are delivering on our purpose of creating
a better world for pets and the people who love them. The Board
engages directly and indirectly with its priority stakeholders with
different processes across the business to ensure stakeholder
considerations are fully embedded into Board decision-making.

This engagement helps provide a better understanding of
stakeholder's points of view and the impact the Group has on them.

The Board has identified its key stakeholder groups as being:
(1) Colleagues including Joint Venture Partners, (2) Customers,

(3) Charities and Community, 4) Government and Industry Regulators,
(6) Investors and (6) Suppliers.

An overview is provided on engagement with all key stakeholders on
the following pages 9-12 and more information is contained in the
annual report as below.

Responsibility for engagement at an operational level sits
with members of the Executive Management Team (EMT)
and the oversight is with the Board of Directors

Page 25 provides more information on engagement
with customers

Page 24 and 61 provide more information on
engagement with colleagues

Pages 13-15 provides more information on engagement
with communities

Page 71 provides more information on engagement with
Government through lobbying

Colleagues

FY25 priorities

- Our Purpose

- Values and Behaviours

- Reward and Benefits

- Training and
Development

- Change management

- Engagement and
Wellbeing

- Safe and inclusive
workplaces

Lead Executive
accountability
Chief People

and Legal Officer

Board and Day to Day Engagement

- Designated Board member for colleague engagement.
Focus during FY25 on active listening to colleagues
across the group at all levels through listening
sessions and spending time in business areas

- Board members spend time with colleagues
in-person at events and on store, practice, office
and distribution visit

= 24/7 whistle-blowing line providing confidential
pathway for concerns

- Board discussions on key people metrics
(eg. retention, gender pay)

- Multiple channels for colleague communication
including refreshed and relaunched intranet, regular
news updates, support office, retail and DC townhalls
(with virtual dial-in)

- Periodic EMT diary launched following success
of CEO diary

- Annual Colleague Conference in May 2024 featuring
relaunch of values and behaviours

- COO‘ask email’ for retail and vet open to all
colleagues

-  AJoint Venture Council representing our Joint
Venture Partners meets regularly to discuss strategic,
operational and clinical matters. It is attended by
members of the Vet leadership team. Board members
have also attended as guests on two occasions during
the year

~ Colleague surveys are conducted on specific topics
to gain feedback, For example in FY25 a survey
on colleague reward was conducted with over
2000 responses.

Koy results and decisions FY25

The board have considered the impact
on colleagues as part of restructuring
activity that has taken place during the
year. This is in relation to the completed
head office restructure (project compass)
and the store restructuring

Early stage discussions at the
Remuneration Committee in relation to
the planned reward and benefits review
in FY26 have been informed by the
colleague survey and insights gathered
during listening sessions

Practice owners have been engaged

in the process of selecting a new
practice management system (PMS) and
planning the overall project. The Board
have considered the practice owner
perspective and what practice owners
are expecting from the PMS as part of
board discussions

Looking ahead
Change Management inc.
technological innovation (e.g. Al)
Reward and Benefits

Safe and inclusive places to work
Culture and values
Training and development

10 Pets at Home Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Stakeholder engagement & $172 statement continued

Customer
FY25 priorities Board and day to day engagement
- Consumer value Ongoing listening programme with key insights shared
proposition with EMT and Board at regular intervals. Quarterly
Loyalty and insights on customer satisfaction platform review
personalisation (290k customers/clients), brand and ad tracking
- Subscriptions programme focused on priorities and annual survey
=  Omnichannel to 5000 pet owners.
- Expertise credentials. © - Consumer value proposition focus with detailed
= Digital capability input from Board and Executives to ensure offering
to customers enhanced.
Lead Executive - Programme to understand consumer usage and
accountability attitudes towards own-brand pet nutrition to shape
Chief Consumer Officer future portfolio, Included speaking to over 4,000 pet
owners via focus groups and surveys.

- Face to face listening sessions with EMT and groups
of lapsed consumers to understand barriers to
choosing Pets.

- Pets Club data helping us understand how our
customers are shopping.

- Detailed consumer research conducted pre and post
new pet care centre and refits. The interventions
allowed us to assess the impact on brand perception
and customer experience.

Charity and Community

FY25 priorities Board and day to day engagement

- Pet relinquishments - Through our Pets Foundation charity work we engage

- Strategic partnerships with and support local and national charities across
with national rescues the UK. As the biggest grant giver to UK pet charities
on mutual priorities we have invaluable insight into the pet charity sector

- Supporting local in the UK.
communities through  - Chair of the Board and Sustainability Committee Chair
volunteering spent time with the Foundation team on and off site

with charity partners.

- Attendance at industry events, including roundtables,

Lead Executive conferences, Government events enables the
Foundation team and trustees to continually listen and

Chief People and Legal ‘engage with all key stakeholders in our sector .

Officer - The Foundation Trustee Board appointed two new

external trustees to bring a greater diversity of
thought and experience to the Board.

- Our Pets Foundation adoption centres provide a safe
space for people to relinquish small pets they can no
longer care for and our teams find loving homes for
them. We remain the largest re-homing organisation
for small pets in the UK.

-  Allsalaried colleagues are given a day to volunteer
each year at a cause of their choosing which supports
our purpose of creating a better world for pets and
the people who love them. 13k+ hours were donated
in FY25 from across the business, including the EMT,
these days help to connect colleagues at all levels of
the business with local community issues.

Key results and decisions FY25

Engagement informs our responses to
the key issues impacting our customers,
including selecting products and seeking
advice to care for their pets, convenience
and price.

Investing further in what matters for
customers, including our national
distribution centre to provide fulfilment
for customers in store and online
shopping; the development of our

Pets Club loyalty club and easy repeat
development, pet expert advice and
differentiated own brand products.
Customer and practice owner
perspectives have been taken into
account in the development of the new
insurance offering and what will be
important to both as we start to shape
the proposition.

Looking ahead
Loyalty and Personalisation
Omnichannel and app development

Own brand
Easy Repeat (subscriptions)
Expert pet care advice

Key results and decisions FY25

Insight from the sector on the key
reasons for pet relinquishment supported
the strategy to fund and support
programs such as the installation of pet
food collection points in pet care centres
to donate to local food banks.
Engagement with charities on need for
pet rescue provision when relinquishment
can't be avoided supported decision

for ongoing funding of this sector and
presence of small animal adoption
centres in our pet care centres.

Looking ahead
Ongoing support of pet rescues
Strategic partnerships and grants to
keep pets with the people who love

them
Community support led by
our colleagues who know their
communities best