pets at home
Group plc

Becoming the best pet care
business in the world

J wine

COMPANIES HOUSE

Overview

The year in review
‘Ata glance
Chairman's statement
Market overview

Strategy

Chief Executive's statement
Strategy

Pet care in action

Performance

Key performance indicators
Business model

Chief Financial Officer's review
Operating review

Risk management

Risks and uncertainties
Corporate Social Responsibility

Governance report
Governance report

Board and Executive Management
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

Audit and Risk Committee Report
Nomination and Corporate
Governance Committee Report
Corporate Social Responsibility
and Pets Come First Committee
Directors’ Remuneration Report

Financial statements
Independent Auditor's report
Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated statement of changes
in equity as at 28 March 2019
Consolidated statement of changes
in equity as at 29 March 2018
Consolidated statement

of cash flows

Company balance sheet
Company statement of changes
in equity as at 28 March 2019
Company statement of changes
in equity as at 29 March 2018
Company income statement
Company statement of cash flows
Notes (forming part of the
financial statements)

Glossary - Alternative
Performance Measures

Advisors and contacts

Ooaan

10
14
16

&SSSRRS

108
116

16
17

8

8

ng
120

121
121
121
122
123

191
194

Our vision is to become the best
pet care business in the world.

We provide customers with
everything they need to be the
best pet owner they can be.

Financial and operational highlights

The year in review

Our performance in the year

was ahead of expectations.

The pet care market remains in
solid growth and we are taking
share. Our Retail business returned
to profit growth faster than
anticipated and the Vet Group
core business is performing well.

2 Pets at Home Group Pic

Financial highlights

Revenue (£m)

£961.0m +6.9%

Underlying PBT" (£m)

£89./m  +6.1%

Statutory PBT (£m)

f49.6m  -377%

Underlying free cashflow’ (m)

£63.6m +14.0%

Statutory basic EPS (pence)

6.1p 515%

Dividend per share (pence)
750

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined and
‘reconciled toFRSinformation, where possible, on page 191

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Operational highlights

Launch of our new pet care strategy
Our strategy has evolved to meet the
changing needs of customers and our
ambitions. We have a clearly defined
plan to become the best pet care
business in the world, and are already
delivering strong progress.

Even better value for customers
Like-for-like' revenue growth of 5.1%
in the Retail business represents an
exceptional performance, made
possible through remaining
competitive where it really matters,
and rewarding our most loyal
customers with even better prices.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Acceleration of omnichannel
performance

Omnichannel' revenue growth of
43.0%, driven by continued popularity
of Order-in-Store and flea product
subscription plans, together with new
convenience initiatives such as Easy
Repeat and Collect-in-Practice,
underpinned by an altogether slicker
online shopping experience.

First Opinion practices growing
ahead of the market

Our mature vet practices continue to
grow ahead of the market, proving the
value of our unique shared ownership
Joint Venture model, and leading to
greater returns for both Joint Venture
Partners and Pets at Home.

Recalibration of vet business on track
Our plans to recalibrate the wider

First Opinion vet business are well
underway and, when complete, will
return the Group to sustainable profit
and free cashflow growth.

Pets at Home Group Pic

3

swuswaieys jeDueUly |

Ata glance

Delivering complete pet
care like nobody else can

Retail

Arange of pet products are available both online or from
‘Our stores, which offer far more to the pet owner than just
a place to buy food and accessories. Through our in-store
experience and award winning VIP loyalty club, we aim to
make the pet owning experience as rewarding as possible.

© Operating review
Page 30

Vet Group

We provide the full spectrum of veterinary services through

a network of First Opinion practices which deal with all aspects
of general veterinary care, and Specialist Referral centres which
provide highly specialist services to pets referred from across
the entire First Opinion market.

© Operating review
Page 34

4 Pets at Home Group Pic Annual Report and Accounts 2019

A pet care destination Our locations

In addition to pet products, our stores also allow customers to benefit Our stores, pet grooming salons, First Opinion

from a range of pet care services, such as dog and cat grooming, a vet practices and Specialist Referral centres
range of subscription packages, workshops and access to expert pet are located nationwide, allowing us to offer
knowledge and advice through our well-trained colleagues. convenient pet care to customers everywhere.
Stores Of stores have a grooming salon

Omnichannel capabilities

Our extended range of food and accessories is available for customers
to shop online 24/7 and choose from a range of convenient delivery

options, including collection in-store. Alternatively, colleagues can also
place a customer order from our extended range whilst in-store using

a dedicated PetPad app.

ie)
>10,100 58%
Products in our extended Of omnichannel! revenues
online range are assisted by a colleague

First Opinion practices

Our nationwide network of First Opinion small animal veterinary
practices mostly operate under the Vets4Pets brand and in
conjunction with our Joint Venture Partners, providing the opportunity
for entrepreneurial vets to own their own business. This Joint Venture
arrangement offers clinical freedom to veterinary surgeons, supported
by our business expertise. We also operate a small number of company
managed First Opinion practices, which are owned in full by us.

420 50

First Opinion Joint Venture practices First Opinion company managed practices

Specialist Referral centres

Our Specialist Referral centres represent the cutting edge of veterinary
care. They provide medicine and surgery for the most complex cases,
including orthopaedic surgery, neurosurgery, oncology and state

of the art diagnostic imaging.

4 >16,800

Specialist Referral Cases treated by our specialists
centres

Annual Report and Accounts 2019 Pets at Home Group Pic

+ Stores witha vet and groomer
+ Standalone vets
+ Specialist Referral centres

5

Syuawayers jeaueuiy

Chairman's statement

The Group has made substantial
progress. We have returned our
Retail business to profit growth
ahead of expectations and

we are making the necessary
decisions to recalibrate our vet
business. | am confident that as
we make further progress with
Our new pet care strategy, we will
return the business to sustainable
free cashflow growth.’

Tony DeNunzio
Non-Executive Chairman

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined and reconciled
{01FRS information, where possible,on page 191

6 Pets at Home Group Pic

We finished the financial year in a positive position. The business
launched a new pet care strategy under the leadership of Peter
Pritchard, our Retail business returned to profit growth ahead of plan
and our Vet Group is underway with a recalibration programme that
will generate positive free cashflow growth. Overall, we generated
revenue growth of 6.9%, to £961.0m, within which like-for-like sales’
grew 5.7%. Underlying profit before tax’ grew by 6.1% to £89.7m

and the Board proposes to maintain the ordinary dividend at

75 pence per share.

We are particularly pleased with this outcome, considering the
challenges presented by the tough retail climate and the general
uncertainty created by a Brexit process that has impacted both
consumer and business behaviour.

One of the key supporting factors for our business is the ongoing
resilience and growth of the UK pet market. We have always believed
that during times of uncertainty, pets continue to receive the very
best care from their owners, and our customers are testament to this
belief - the UK is a nation of pet lovers.

Strategy
There are a number of important areas that ! would bring to
shareholders’ attention this year.

Peter Pritchard and his team launched the Group's new pet care
strategy. This is designed to bring our retail and veterinary businesses
closer together, so we can deliver a more convenient suite of products
and services for customers, setting us apart from competitors. The
strategy aims to deliver long term profit and free cashflow growth.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Following a very successful initiative to reposition price points, our
Retail business returned to profit growth. Whilst our pricing work
has been an important component of this success, we have also
impressed customers with the launch of convenient subscription
plans, continuous product innovation and considerable investment
in our website and digital channels.

In the Vet Group, we have started to recalibrate the business,
following a period of fast growth and expansion. This resulted in an
extraordinary financial charge in the year. We have recognised there
is a need to close some practices and rebalance the Joint Venture
model, as the business experiences cost pressures from the ongoing
shortage of veterinarians in the UK. We believe these actions will
make our vet Partners more successful and allow the business to
generate improved free cashflow growth.

Management

Following Peter Pritchard's appointment as Group Chief Executive
Officer (CEO) at the start of the financial year, we have also welcomed
four new members to the Group Executive Management Team.

David Robinson has assumed the role of Retail Chief Operating
Officer (COO), succeeding Peter. We welcomed Jane Balmain back
to the business as COO of the Vet Group. Jane was responsible for
establishing our Joint Venture veterinary model and retired in 2014,
following 13 years of growing the business very successfully. Jane
replaces Andrei Balta, who resigned as CEO of the Vet Group in
October 2018. We have also introduced two entirely new roles to
the Executive Management Team, appointing Robert Kent as Chief
Data Officer and William Hewish as Chief Information Officer. As our
customers and business become increasingly digitally and data
led, these roles will be crucial in delivering our new strategy.

Colleagues

Our people are the foundation of our business. We provide a
number of highly specialised services to customers through our
trained grooming colleagues, veterinarians and vet nurses, and our
knowledgeable store teams. As part of our new pet care strategy,
we are already seeing the benefits of all our colleagues across the
business working more closely together. | would like to thank them
for their efforts in delivering this result, and their dedication to

our business.

Outlook

We have finished the year in a positive position, but there is still much
to do. In particular, completing the programme to recalibrate our
veterinary business. The Board has every confidence that with our
newly expanded leadership team, we will be successful in returning
the Group to sustainable profit and free cashflow growth.

Tony DeNunzio
Non-Executive Chairman
22 May 2019

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Introducing new members of our
Executive Management Team

David Robinson
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
of Retail

David has wide ranging
experience in retail, including
as Managing Director of
Bestway Retail and 15 years
at Home Retail Group (latterly
as Chief Operating Officer for
Argos). David succeeds Peter
Pritchard as the COO of Retail,
following Peter's promotion
to Group CEO.

William Hewish
Chief Information Officer (CIO)

William has a wealth of
experience and joins us from
United Utilities, where he led
the technology, data and
business change teams. The
CIO position is a another new
role for Pets at Home and will
help us deliver on the strategic
IT needs of our whole Group
well into the future.

Executive Management Team
Page 70

Board of Directors
Page 68

Robert Kent
Chief Data Officer (CDO)

Robert joins us from Royal Mail
Group, where he was CDO for
nearly eight years. The CDO is a
new and strategically important
appointment for Pets at Home,
where Robert's wealth of
expertise will help us maximise
the value of our data.

Jane Balmain
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
of the Vet Group

Jane rejoined the Vet Group
this year, initially as interim
CEO of the First Opinion
division, having established
the Joint Venture vet model
and growing the business
successfully before retiring in
2014. Jane replaces Andrei Balta
who resigned during the year.

Pets at Home Group Plc

7

oda: aueUIaA0D

TuauDTeaF DUEL |

Market overview

The UK pet care
market continues
to grow

UK pet care market

By sector value 2018' (£) Our market share and share gains in 2018' (%)
42%
+1.1%
16%
14%
we
Grooming Veterinary Food Accessories
Market growth during 2018'
Food? £2.7bn Food 3%
Accessories? £850m_ — Accessories 3%
Grooming £263m Grooming A%
Veterinary” £2.4bn Veterinary 5%
£6.3b1 c4 Y%
Estimated UK pet care market value Estimated growth of UK pet care market in 2018

al 5 % sometraatect oa nO

Includes online spend from pet products.
‘Veterinary includes Fist Opinion and Specialist Referrals market.
Includes food and accessories,

‘Online penetration of pet productst market

8 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Market drivers and responses

Market driver 1:
Astable UK dog
and cat population.

The UK remains a nation of
pet lovers, with the population
of dogs and cats remaining
stable, and 2 in 5 households
are now believed to own

a pet.

Our approach:
We provide convenient
access to everything a
customer needs to make
pet ownership as easy and
enjoyable as possible. This
includes catering for all pet
types at accessible locations
nationwide and online,
whilst offering a range

of pet products and pet
care services.

Operating review
Page 30 to 37

Market driver 2:
Humanisation of pets and
an increasing desire for
higher quality products
and services.

Across both dog and cat
owners, there is a continued
trend of stepping up to
higher quality diets driven
by greater awareness of the
health benefits this provides.
We also see increasing
numbers of specialist
pedigree and mixed breed
dogs whose owners spend
more on products and care.

Our approach:

New brands and range
innovation in higher quality
pet foods, all at competitive
prices, means customers
can keep their pet as happy
and healthy as possible for
their budget.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Our pet care strategy is delivering

market share gains

By harnessing the competitive advantage of working
closely together across our Retail and Vet businesses,
we are able to deliver complete pet care in a way our
competitors can’t. We continue to grow share in the
pet products market through competitive pricing,
innovation and omnichannel investments,

whilst offering excellent clinical service and
convenience to clients in the vet market.

Strategy and performance
Page 14

Market driver 3:

Advances in veterinary care,
accessibility of which is
supported by growing

pet insurance.

The veterinary care market
continues to advance through
scientific research, and the
range of healthcare options
available to pet owners is
increasing. Together with

a growing awareness and
affordability of pet insurance,
more and more pet owners
are able to do what is best
for their pet throughout
their lifetime.

Our approach:

We aim to recruit the very
best veterinarians across our
network of Joint Venture
Partners and team of leading
specialists, to deliver the best
possible care to clients.

Market driver 4:
Continued channel shift
to online.

Online penetration of the pet
products market increased
again in 2018, and is now
€15%. Only omnichannel
retailers or pure online
businesses of scale

are experiencing growth,

as price competitiveness and
convenience remain essential
factors in the customer
purchasing decision.

Our approach:
Investment in online
capabilities, customer
experience and pricing have
allowed us to make strong
share gains in the online
market over recent years.

By leveraging our Group
assets, we are able to
maximise the convenience
and range of products

and services available to
customers in a way the
pureplays cannot replicate.

Pets at Home Group Plc

9

“Swuawaes jepueuly

Chief Executive's statement

We are trading strongly

and taking share across the
pet market. Customers are
loving our lower prices, the
convenience of subscription
packages, high quality
veterinary care and pet
healthplans.”

Peter Pritchard
Group Chief Executive Officer

10 Pets at Home Group Plc

We launched our pet care strategy last year and we're already making
good progress, bringing our Retail and Vet businesses closer together.
Our commitment is to make sure pets and their owners get the very
best advice, care and products, and we're able to join this up for
customers in a way that competitors just can't.

I'm pleased with our progress and the results we have delivered,
but there remains plenty to do. I'm confident we will successfully
reposition our Vet Group so that, with the strong performance
in Retail, we will be well placed to deliver our strategy.

Strategic update:

Becoming the best pet care business in the world

We are well positioned in the £6.3bn UK pet care market, which
continues to show resilience. The market grew by an estimated 4% in
calendar year 2018, within which there was growth of ¢3% in retail and
5% in the veterinary segment. Our winning combination of complete
pet care enabled us to grow our market share in all key areas; gaining
0.9% in food and c1.1% in accessories, whilst also increasing our
online share of these markets, and within the veterinary segment

we increased our share by c1.2%.

Such performance reflects our actions to put the business on a
stronger footing and develop a pet care strategy that maximises our
unique assets. We have seen growth in retail customer spend and
frequency, website traffic and conversion, subscription numbers, vet
practice new client registrations and healthplan purchases, and the
number of customers purchasing both products and services.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019