pets at home
‘oup plc

We're better
with pets

Pets at Home Group Plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

f anvame

|
COMPANIES HOUSE }

pets at home
Group plc

Our vision is to become the best
pet care business in the world.

We provide customers with
everything they need to be the
best pet owner they can be.

Find out more:

To download our Annual Report, our full
social value report or to learn more about
Pets at Home, please visit our investor website.
https://investors.petsathome.com

Contents

Overview Financial Statements

The year in review 2 Independent Auditor's report 140

Ata glance 4 Consolidated income statement 146

Investment case 6 Consolidated statement of

Chairman's statement comprehensive income 146

COVID-19 response 10 Consolidated balance sheet 147
Consolidated statement of changes

seteeeeeeeeees: in equity as at 25 March 2021 148

Strategy _ Consolidated statement of changes

Chief Executive’s statement 5 12,” inequity as at 26 March 2020 148

Market overview 18 — Consolidated statement of cashflows 149

Strategy 28 Company balance sheet 150
Company statement of changes

acavesssaceors in equity as at 25 March 2021 151

Performance ‘Company statement of changes

Key performance indicators 34 in equity as at 26 March 2020 151

Business model 36 Company income statement 151

Stakeholder engagement 38 Company statement of cashflows 152

Chief Financial Officer's review 40 Notes (forming part of the

Operating review 46 financial statements) 153

Risk management 54 Glossary - Alternative

Risks and uncertainties 56 Performance Measures 210

Social Value Summary 64 Advisors and contacts 214

Governance Report

Governance Report 90

Board of Directors 700

Directors’ Report 102

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 109

‘Audit and Risk Committee Report n10

Nomination and Corporate

Governance Committee Report us

ESG Committee Report 17 .

Directors’ Remuneration Report n9

With 30 years of caring for pets and the
people who love them, we know our
purpose — we're better with pets.

Our goal is to make pet care convenient,
affordable and rewarding for customers —
allowing them to spend more time

with their beloved pets.

‘Swuawayels jepueuiy

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Pets at Home Group Pic 1

Financial and operational highlights

The year in review

Operational highlights

Our performance in the year reflects
the success of our pet care strategy
during a period of unprecedented
change. The pet care market remained
in structural growth, underpinned by
a rise in pet ownership, as well as the
ongoing trends of premiumisation
and humanisation, and we continued
to take share across all channels of our
pet care ecosystem.

Link to strategy:

@ Bring the pet experience to life

@ Use data and VIP to better serve customers
@ 50% of sales from pet services

@ Set our people free to serve

© Our strategy, page 28

Financial highlights

Strong performance in a challenging year

e

Developing our pet care centres
Our next generation store format

has now been rolled out across

23 locations, featuring more space
allocated to services and an enhanced
customer experience, and two new
smaller format stores have been
successfully launched this year

within Greater London.

ee

Progressing our data agenda

Our 45-strong data and analytics team
is now fully recruited, and we have
successfully completed the insourcing
of all our data operations onto a
cloud-based platform. This is enabling
us to more accurately understand
customer preferences and drive highly
targeted communications; our first VIP
reward mailer based on insights from
internally held data achieved our
highest level of redemptions to date.

ee

Enhancing our omnichannel
Proposition

We have seen strong growth in our
Retail business, particularly within
omnichannel, which now represents
15.8% of Retail revenues. A nationwide
rollout of a 1-hour Click & Collect
service in the year offers customers.
an even more convenient way to
shop with us.

ee

Driving maturity in our

First Opinion practices

Like-for-like’ customer sales generated
by all First Opinion vet practices grew
9.5%, supported by strong growth

in new client registrations. Our
acquisition of The Vet Connection

in the year broadens our digital
Capabilities in providing trusted
advice and pet care solutions.

Revenue (£m)

Underlying PBT’ (£m)

Underlying free cashflow’ (£m)

2 Pets at Home Group Plc

£1,142.8m

£87.5m

£67.4m

+7.9%

(6.4)%

(24.8)%

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our Better World Pledge

61%

Increase in Puppy &
Kitten club members

ee

Growing our customer base

‘Our VIP loyalty club now has 6.2m
active members, having grown 9% in
the year. This has been in part driven
by the continued success of our Puppy
and Kitten clubs, which help introduce
customers to all parts of our pet care
ecosystem and foster long-term
customer relationships.

£90m

Annual customer
revenue from
subscriptions

ee

Expanding our

subscriptions platforms

We now have over 1 million customers
signed up to one of our subscription
plans, offering customers a convenient
way to shop with us, and increasing the
quality and visibility of our sales profile.

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined and reconcled to IFRS information, where
possible, on page 210. Customer sales include gross customer sales made by Joint Venture vet
practices, and therefore differs o the fee income recognised within Vet Group revenue.

Our social value strategy continues to guide everything that we do

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Over £60 million raised
to support pet charities

£6.0m
Aa

9.1%

84% colleague
engagement

9.1% reduction in CO,e
emissions vs. FY20

Pets at Home Group Pic 3

yoda a2ueU1aA05

“Squawarers jepueuly

Ata glance

Our pet care
ecosystem

A unique combination
of products and services

Although we report our Retail and Vet Group
businesses separately, the two sides of the Group
are highly complementary and allow us to provide
a complete pet care solution to customers.

Revenue and underlying EBIT contribution by segment

Underlying

Revenue (£m) EBIT'? (£m)
Retail @ioso @795
Vet Group @1232 = =@360

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined
‘and reconciled 0 IFRS information where possible. on page 210

2 Cenwalcosts of £94)m not shown above

£6.2bn 6.2m

UK pet care market, which Active VIP loyalty club members

is resilient and in growth

26%

Proportion of VIPs who shop
across more than one channel

>Im

Number of subscription
customers across the Group

4 Pets at Home Group Pic

Retail

A wide range of pet products is available both online and in our
stores, which offer far more to the pet owner than just a place to
buy food and accessories. Through a combination of our in-store
experience and services, knowledgeable colleagues and award
winning VIP loyalty club, we aim to make pet ownership
convenient, affordable and rewarding.

© Operating review, page 46

Vet Group

We provide a comprehensive range of small animal
veterinary services through a network of First Opinion
practices which handle all aspects of general veterinary care,
as well as offering round-the-clock veterinary telehealth
advice and triage so clients can access all their pet healthcare
needs whenever they need to.

© Operating review, page 50

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

A pet care destination

In addition to pet products, our stores also
allow customers to benefit from a range

of pet care services such as dog grooming,
veterinary services, subscription packages,
educational workshops and events, as well as
access to expert pet knowledge and advice
through our experienced colleagues.

Omnichannel capabilities
Our extended range of food and accessories
is available for customers to shop online 24/7,
with convenient delivery options to choose
from, including 1-hour collection in-store.
Alternatively, colleagues can also place an
order from our extended range whilst the
customer is in-store using a dedicated PetPad
app. We also offer subscriptions across
monthly flea & worm treatments and regular
food deliveries, making pet care even more
convenient and affordable.

452

Stores

23%

Of omnichanne!! revenues
are collected in store

56%

Of stores have a vet practice and grooming salon

First Opinion practices

Our nationwide network of First Opinion
small animal veterinary practices mostly
operate under the Vets4Pets brand and in
conjunction with our Joint Venture Partners,
provide the opportunity for entrepreneurial
vets to own their own business. This Joint
Venture arrangement offers clinical freedom
and operational independence to veterinary
surgeons, supported by our business
expertise. We also operate a number of
company managed First Opinion practices,
which are owned in full by us.

>10,500

Products in our extended online range

Digitally-led pet healthcare solutions
Our acquisition of The Vet Connection
broadens our digital capabilities in

providing trusted advice and pet care
solutions. It enables us to provide customers
with round-the-clock veterinary telehealth
advice, triage and ancillary services, meaning
pet owners can remotely access quality care
for their pet whenever they need to.

395

Joint Venture First Opinion practices

c90,000

Remote consultations each year

46

Company managed First Opinion practices

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our locations

Our stores, Groom Room salons and

First Opinion vet practices are located
nationwide, allowing us to offer convenient
pet care to customers across the UK.

Pets at Home Group Pic

5

Woda a2ueweN5

‘Syuawayes eaueuiy

Investment case

The central tenets of a
compelling business model

Strong position — in a large, resilient
market that is in structural growth
- We have c23% share of a pet care market worth £6.2bn,
providing significant opportunity to take further share

~ Growing pet population of c33m pets in the UK, underpinned
by increasing humanisation and premiumisation

- Taking share across all key categories and channels through
our winning combination of complete pet care

Aunique proposition of pet care
solutions — providing competitive
advantages

— Customers who transact across the full range of products
and services spend up to 9x more each year compared to
store-only shoppers

— Only ¢26% of all VIPs currently shop across more than
‘one channel - with considerable headroom for growth

- An expanding ecosystem of pet care, with multiple revenue
streams of non-discretionary and non-seasonal spend

6 Pets at Home Group Plc

Trusted and well known brand —
making pet care convenient, affordable
and rewarding

= 30 years of serving the nation’s pet owners, with knowledgeable
in-store colleagues offering expert advice

~ Competitive pricing across branded pet food and strong
penetration of private label

~ Convenient retail proposition of 452 experiential stores
and fast growing omnichannel business provide multiple
customer acquisition opportunities

Investment in data — to deliver
more personalised solutions to our
6.2m active VIP loyalty club members
— Unique VIP loyalty club, providing over eight years worth
of proprietary pet and customer data

~ By leveraging our data insights, we can offer more
personalised, targeted solutions and drive customer loyalty,
retention and lifetime value

- Full benefits of recent investment in data capabilities still to flow

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Unique Joint Venture Model — Growing numbers on

in First Opinion vets subscription platforms —
~ Largest branded veterinary business in the UK, with creating a high margin annuity-like
practices located in two-thirds of stores plus a number income stream

of standalone locations
- Over 1 million customers currently on some form

~ Provides entrepreneurial vets the opportunity to run their of subscription package, up 21% year-on-year

own business and operate with clinical freedom and
Operational independence - Existing platforms generate £90m of visible,

5 repeatable customer revenue per year
- Practice maturity represents a significant future profit and free i Perye

cashflow opportunity, with further potential upside from rollout = Significant opportunity to personalise packages and
of new practices create unique bundles of products and services

Strong financial position —
and returns potential

poder a>ueuian05

= Growth in pet population and new customer acquisition
provide a strong foundation for future growth

- Robust balance sheet with good liquidity of £249m, low
leverage and significant headroom on banking covenants

- Highly cash generative with free cashflow conversion of 30%
and dividend per share increased to 8.0p in FY21

Scalable omnichannel platform —
underpinned by significant investment
in digital capabilities

‘Swuawarers jeDueUly

- New state-of-the-art order management system provides real-time
intelligence and enables best-in-class fulfilment for our customers

~ Creating a new proprietary digital interface where customers can
access their entire pet care needs in one place

~ Acquisition of The Vet Connection enhances our digital capabilities,
providing trusted advice and even more convenient pet care services

Strong growth in customer 1 Strong governance —
acquisition — through our and commitment to sustainability
Puppy and Kitten clubs ~ Experienced Executive Management Team with a track record
- Membership of our Puppy and Kitten clubs has increased 61% of taking decisive action
year on year, introducing customers to all parts of the business - Balanced Board of Directors with a broad range of skills
and experience

= Members of the clubs typically spend ¢34% more than
non-members, and this premium continues into adulthood — Strong sense of social purpose focusing on our ESG agenda

. In lan int 1 holder:
— Acquiring customers at the very start their pet journey helps and designed to balance the interests of all stakeholders

create loyalty and increase the lifetime value opportunity

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Pets at Home Group Plc 7

Chairman's statement

A strong
performance
within a
challenging
environment

Strong performance in a challenging
environment demonstrates the resilience

of our pet care strategy and how now, more
than ever, pets are playing an important role
in our daily lives. We have seen positive
revenue growth across the Group, testament
to the advantages of our omnichannel model
and strategy of providing all of our customers’
pet care needs in one place.

8 Pets at Home Group Plc

lan Burke
Chairman

in FY21, our pet care ecosystem reached more customers than ever
before as we provided convenient, affordable and rewarding pet care
to pet owners. Overall, we generated revenue growth of 79%, to
£1,142.8m, within which like-for-like sales! grew 8.7%. Our performance
is testament to the success of our strategy in aligning our Retail and
Veterinary operations more closely to provide customers everything
they need to look after their pet, setting us apart from our competitors.

Strategy

We have made good progress this year in our ambition to become
the best pet care business in the world. The Board has spent the past
year focusing on the Group’s key strategic areas, including improving
the quality of our data and our ability to leverage it to provide deeper
customer insight, enhancing our omnichannel proposition, and
deploying capital expenditure to further digitise the business and
commence early stage development of our new purpose-built
storage and distribution facility.

In the coming year, we plan to increase our investment in developing
further our digital capabilities, progressing our additional distribution
capacity and continuing to upgrade our pet care centres.

Performance

The performance in Retail has been strong. By offering customers

a compelling range of products and services and making their
experience as convenient and rewarding as possible, we have been
able to take market share across all key categories and channels. We
have seen growth in new customer acquisition, driven by the success
of our Puppy and Kitten clubs, as well as from customers signing up
to our subscription plans, where there is considerable headroom to
develop annuity-like revenue streams.

We have seen positive results in the Vet Group, as the underlying
health of the practice estate continues to improve. This year also saw
the acquisition of The Vet Connection, a long established veterinary
telehealth provider, and the disposal of our Specialist Referral hospitals,
as we continued to align our business with our strategic focuses.

Our underlying profit generation has been highly encouraging
within the context of an estimated £30m adverse financial impact
from COVID-19 in the year. We ended the year in a strong cash
position with good liquidity and low leverage, with our free cashflow
generation enabling us to invest in our business, reduce debt and
increase our dividend.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

“We have generated strong free cashflow’,
enabling us to invest in our business,
reduce debt and increase our dividend.”

Our Better World Pledge

Our purpose unifies us as 2 single entity and aligns all areas of the
business around a consistent vision of pet care for our customers; put
simply “we're better with pets”. During the past year we have been
developing our new social value strategy, which we refer to as Our Better
World Pledge. This pledge ensures we will run our business sustainably
and ethically whilst also applying high standards of governance.

Management

Our Executive Management Team has provided firm and effective
leadership to the business throughout this past year of unprecedented
challenges. They have ensured that all colleagues across the Group
have remained safe, informed, engaged and supported throughout
the COVID-19 crisis. Alongside these efforts, they have made good
progress in implementing key aspects of our strategy.

Colleagues

Our colleagues are, and have always been, the foundation of our
business. Our passionate and highly trained team of veterinarians,
vet nurses, grooming stylists, and store colleagues are on the front
line each and every day to share their knowledge, expertise and
enthusiasm with our customers. They have been well supported by
‘our colleagues in field operations, our Distribution Centres and our
Support Offices. | would like to express my sincere thanks to all our
colleagues for their ongoing commitment over the past year. | am
proud of the way in which every one of them has risen to the
challenges we have faced over the last 12 months and continued
to serve Our Customers and their pets in whatever way they can.

Dividend

The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of 5.5 pence per
share to be paid on 13 July 2021 to shareholders on the register at the
close of trading on 18 June 2021. This will take the full year dividend to
8.0 pence per share, up 6.7% on the previous year.

Current trading and outlook
The start of our current financial year has seen 2 continuation of the
strong momentum across Our Retail and Veterinary operations.

While the emergence of new variants of the virus and the potential
for higher transmission levels as the UK continues to unlock mean
the external environment remains uncertain in the near term, our pet
care model remains robust, and the changes we have made to our
business enable us to continue providing pet care to our customers
with minimal disruption.

[ys

lan Burke
Chairman
27 May 2021

1 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) are defined and reconciled to IFRS information, where possible,
‘on page 20.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

—EEEE
Our response to COVID-19
The COVID-19 pandemic has had @ devastating impact on the
retail sector, and the wider economy. Our Executive Management
Team responded to the challenges quickly and decisively, taking
proactive measures to provide a safe shopping environment for
our customers, whilst ensuring the safety and wellbeing of all our
colleagues and Partners. We introduced convenient and safe ways
to engage, serve and fulfil our customers, whilst continuing to
meet our obligations as a responsible corporate citizen.

| am proud to say that throughout this most challenging of
years, our Executive Management Team have shown the strong
leadership required to enable the business to remain focused,
disciplined and agile. This, along with the hard work and
dedication of all our colleagues across the Group, has ensured
the business is emerging from the pandemic a stronger business,
well positioned for long term sustainable growth.

© Read more about our response to COVID-19, page 10

Our approach to ESG
In recent times there has been increased interest in environmental,
social and governance matters, and the COVID-19 pandemic has
accelerated this interest in society generally, as well as within the
wider business community. Whilst many focus on the scale of the
challenges ahead of us, we believe the next 10-20 years present

a significant opportunity to rethink business practices and win
market share and, rather than considering it as a trade-off against
profitability, we see sustainability as being consistent with
long-term growth, profitability and value creation.

As such, we are committed to executing our pet care strategy
with ESG at the forefront, including aligning our reporting and
disclosure with best practice, delivering our goal of becoming
net zero, leading the way in sustainable pet care products,
ensuring fair and equal treatment of all our customers, colleagues
and communities, and continuing our support of pet charities,
whilst maintaining strong governance practices.

© £56 strategy, page 64

Pets at Home Group Plc 9

Woda a2uewanOD

‘Siuawayersjepueuly

COVID-19 response

COVID-19
resoonse

We responded quickly to the pandemic,
making significant changes to the way we
operate our business, and we remain agile
as we emerge from the pandemic.

We have introduced new, convenient ways
to engage, serve and fulfil our customers. We
have ensured the wellbeing of our colleagues
and Partners and we have maintained strong
corporate governance throughout the year.

10 Pets at Home Group Pic

In-store safety measures

We deployed new signage to
encourage customers to shop
alone and remain 2 metres apart.
We also temporarily removed pets
from our stores to discourage
browsing, and limited the number
of customers who could be in
store at any one time.

Contactless collection service
in response to the pandemic,

we introduced a contactless
collection service, where
customers can remain in their
car within a designated parking
space, and colleagues will deliver
products directly to the boot of
their vehicle.

For our customers...

Proactive measures taken to provide a safe shopping
environment for our customers

Our priority throughout the pandemic has been to ensure the
wellbeing and safety of our people; be that our colleagues, vet
Partners, or customers. In line with Government advice, we rapidly
implemented a number of protocols in this respect across our stores,
Distribution Centres and vet practices.

‘Across our stores, we temporarily introduced purchase limits,
restricted the number and type of products available for sale,
removed pets on sale and closed our Groom Room salons to
discourage non-essential customer visits. We implemented all
Government advice regarding social distancing by limiting the
number of customers in our stores at any one time and introducing
a clear queuing protocol for customers both inside and outside of
‘our stores. Within our vet business, we have adhered to RCVS
Quidance on permitted procedures throughout the year, which
initially excluded ail elective and routine procedures.

Enhanced omnichannel proposition

The role our stores play in the fulfilment and delivery process is
evolving. In the year we launched a contactless collection service,
where orders are delivered directly to the boot of a customer's car,
using dedicated parking bays and QR code notifications. We also
launched a new 1-hour Click & Collect service across our store estate,
which significantly improves our customer proposition, and provides
an even more convenient way for customers to shop with us.

© Operating review, page 46

Annual Report and Accounts 2021