BETA Close X Pets at Home Group Plc has initiated a £50 million share buyback programme, with the first tranche of £25 million commencing immediately and concluding by October 9, 2026, managed by Deutsche Bank. The company intends to cancel all repurchased shares to reduce its share capital. This programme is subject to shareholder approval at the upcoming annual general meeting on July 9, 2026, and will operate within regulatory guidelines, with a maximum of 44,828,459 shares eligible for buyback. Further details on the second tranche will be announced later. Disclaimer* Pets At Home Group Plc 24 June 2026 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, 24 June 2026 PETS AT HOME GROUP PLC Pets at Home Group Plc: Commencement of Share Buy-Back Programme Following the commitment made in the preliminary announcement of its results for the year ended 26 March 2026, Pets at Home Group plc (the " Company ") is pleased to announce the commencement of a £50 million share buyback programme (the " Programme "). The Programme will be undertaken in two tranches. In respect of the first tranche of the Programme, the Company announces that it has entered into non-discretionary instructions with Deutsche Bank AG ( "Deutsche Bank ") to conduct a share buyback programme on the Company's behalf and to make trading decisions independently of the Company (the " First Tranche Programme "). Under the terms of the engagement with Deutsche Bank, the First Tranche Programme will be for maximum aggregate consideration of £25 million. The First Tranche Programme will commence today, 24 June 2026, and will end on or before 9 October 2026. The sole purpose of the Programme is to reduce the Company's share capital. The board of directors of the Company (the " Board ") has decided that the shares purchased pursuant to the Programme will be cancelled. The Programme will initially take place within the limitations of the authority granted to the Board of the Company by shareholders at its annual general meeting held on 10 July 2025. However, the continuation of the programme beyond the Company's 2026 annual general meeting, to be held on 9 July 2026, is conditional on the renewal of such authority at that meeting and the programme will, if the authority is approved, continue on the basis of the parameters set out therein. The maximum number of shares which may be bought back by the Company is 44,828,459. The Programme will be in accordance with the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (2016/1052), which are incorporated into English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and Chapter 12 of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules. Further details of the second tranche of the Programme will be announced in due course. LEI: 2138003Y9ULD24PD3J93 Enquiries Pets at Home Group Plc: Lesley Lazenby, Company Secretary Alex Chesworth, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0) 161 486 6688 Investor Relations Enquiries A ndrew Porteous, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7740 361 849 Media Enquiries Natalie Cullington, Head of Media & Corporate Affairs +44 (0) 7974 594 701 About Pets at Home Pets at Home Group Plc is the UK's leading pet care business, providing pets and their owners with the very best advice, products and care. Pet products are available online or from over 460 pet care centres, many of which also have vet practices and grooming salons. The Group also operates a leading small animal veterinary business, with over 450 veterinary general practices located both in our pet care centres and in standalone locations. For more information visit: https://www.petsathomeplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pets at Home Group (PETS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and