BETA Close X Inchcape plc has increased its share buyback programme by £75 million, from £175 million to a total of £250 million, with purchases to be managed by UBS AG London Branch and concluding by March 5, 2027. This decision, announced alongside H1 2026 results, reflects the company's strong free cash flow, robust balance sheet, and confidence in future prospects, with the intention to cancel all repurchased shares to reduce capital. The programme allows for the repurchase of up to 53,615,114 shares, conducted independently by UBS within defined parameters and regulatory guidelines. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 28 July 2026 Inchcape plc Current £175m share buyback programme increased to £250m Inchcape plc, the leading global automotive distributor, announces it has entered into an agreement with UBS AG London Branch ("UBS") with the effect of increasing its current share buyback programme by £75 million, from £175 million to up to £250 million of the Company's shares ("Increased Share Buyback Programme"). This increase has been announced as part of the Company's H1 2026 financial results, which were published today. The Increased Share Buyback Programme is part of the Group's disciplined capital allocation approach and is based on Inchcape's strong underlying free cash flow performance, as well as the Group's strong balance sheet . The increased buyback also demonstrates the Board's confidence in the Group's future prospects and ability to deliver significant future shareholder returns. The maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under the Increased Share Buyback Programme, inclusive of purchases since 14 May 2026, is up to 53,615,114 shares, being the number of shares the Company was authorised to purchase pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 14 May 2026 ("AGM"). Share purchases will take place in open market transactions and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. The Company has appointed UBS to manage the Increased Share Buyback Programme, which is a non‐discretionary share buyback programme to repurchase the Company's shares within certain defined parameters . The Increased Share Buyback Programme will be conducted independently and at the sole discretion of UBS within the programme terms. The Increased Share Buyback Programme will run f rom the date of this announcement until no later than 5 March 2027. Purchases may continue during any closed period to which the Company is subject during the above-mentioned period. The sole purpose of the Increased Share Buyback Programme is to reduce the capital of the Company. As such, the Company will cancel any shares purchased. The Increased Share Buyback Programme will be effected within the parameters of Article 5(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "2018 Act")) ("MAR") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (which is part of UK law by virtue of the 2018 Act) as well as the applicable laws and regulations of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Contacts Inchcape plc (investor enquiries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 investors@inchcape.com About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth with low motorisation rates. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners - building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Our ambition is to deliver for our partners, our customers and our people - so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs over 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and