Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 01 October 2026 Inchcape announces bolt-on acquisitions in Peru and Costa Rica The deal will further strengthen Inchcape’s presence in growth markets in the Americas Inchcape plc, the leading independent global automotive Distributor, today announces that it has agreed to acquire a Volvo business in Peru and Costa Rica, and a Jaguar Land Rover business in Peru, both from Automotores Gildemeister. Upon completion, the bolt-on acquisitions will expand the range of mobility solutions Inchcape offers customers in these markets, including enhancing its New Energy Vehicle (NEV) range, while creating value for OEM partners through deep local insights and a proven ability to deliver sustainable growth. Both markets offer ongoing growth opportunities and support Inchcape’s continued expansion in the region, with Peru reaching a record total industry volume of 187,000* in 2025 and Costa Rica achieving just under 69,000* units. Following on from last year’s acquisition in Iceland and, most recently, Silver Star Motors in Bulgaria, these acquisitions in the Americas represent a multi-market, multi-brand investment that reflect the Group’s Accelerate+ strategy and its disciplined capital allocation approach focused on long-term shareholder returns. These acquisitions will further strengthen Inchcape’s relationships with existing OEM partners. Alongside the Group’s long-standing partnership with Jaguar Land Rover across Chile, Colombia and multiple markets in Asia-Pacific and Europe & Africa, the deal also builds on its existing relationship with Volvo in Chile and Ecuador. Duncan Tait, Inchcape Group Chief Executive, commented: “As we continue to scale Inchcape’s global presence, with an ongoing focus on value-accretive M&A and two recent acquisitions in Bulgaria and Iceland, these additional acquisitions in Peru and Costa Rica represent a further example of Inchcape’s Accelerate+ strategy and disciplined approach to capital allocation in action. “Drawing on our deep knowledge of local markets and our proven ability to deliver sustainable growth, these acquisitions will expand our footprint in the Americas, grow the range of vehicles we offer customers and further strengthen our relationships with OEM partners, while creating value for our stakeholders.” Marcello Marchese, Chief Executive Officer of Automotores Gildemeister, commented: “We are proud of the businesses and teams we have developed around Volvo in Peru and Costa Rica and JLR in Peru. We are confident they will continue to be successful as part of Inchcape’s global business, and we will work closely with Inchcape to support a smooth transition for colleagues, customers, OEM partners and other stakeholders. "This agreement reflects our strategy to optimise our portfolio and focus investment on the core segments where we can create the greatest value, strengthening our performance and long-term position.” The businesses being acquired generated revenue of c.£48.7 million ($64 million USD) in FY2025, employing c.90 colleagues. The acquisitions will include three aligned retail locations in Peru and two in Costa Rica. The transactions are expected to complete during Q1 2027, subject to customary conditions and approvals. The Group will provide further updates when appropriate. * Figures rounded to nearest thousand Contacts Inchcape plc (Investor queries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 investors@inchcape.com FTI Consulting (media enquiries): Richard Mountain Ellie Sweeney Ben Fletcher +44 (0)20 3727 1340 FTI_Inchcape@fticonsulting.com About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners – building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Delivering for our partners, our customers and our people – so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs over 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Thungela Resources Limited NPV (DI) 2 minutes ago VP 5 minutes ago XP Power Ltd. (DI) 1 hour ago Wellnex Life Limited 2 hours ago Keras Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and