BETA Close X Inchcape plc announced a change in its Board of Directors, with Juan Pablo Del Río stepping down in May 2026 after three years of service. Felipe Del Río will join the Board on May 14, 2026, bringing extensive experience in automotive distribution, financial services, and other sectors, and will continue the Del Río family's representation. The Chairman expressed gratitude to Juan Pablo for his counsel and welcomed Felipe's expertise, particularly in the automotive sector and the Americas region, which are considered invaluable to the Board's deliberations. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 20 March 2026 INCHCAPE PLC Directorate Change Inchcape plc today announces the following changes to the Board of Directors. Following three years on the Board, Juan Pablo Del Río will step down in May 2026 and will not be seeking re-election at the Annual General Meeting. Felipe Del Río will be appointed to the Board on 14 May 2026 and will also stand for election at the Annual General Meeting. Felipe is an Industrial Civil Engineer with more than five decades of senior executive, board level and entrepreneurial experience across automotive distribution, financial services, real estate, insurance, higher education and public administration. Felipe brings a wealth of automotive and corporate experience and will continue the representation of the Del Río family on the Inchcape Board. Felipe is also Board President of Dercorp Holding company, 4 Life Insurance company, Huillinco, Sociedad de Rentas Inmobiliarias SpA, and Fundación Emprepolis. Jerry Buhlmann, Chairman, commented: 'I would like to thank Juan Pablo for his wise counsel and support since the he joined the Board upon the acquisition of Derco. I am delighted that Felipe will be joining to continue to provide expert knowledge of the automotive sector and the Americas region which are invaluable to the Board's deliberations.' There is no additional information required to be disclosed pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8 in respect of this appointment. Ends Group Communications, Inchcape plc +44 (0) 20 7546 0022 Notes to editors About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our OEM partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners - building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of OEM partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Delivering for our partners, our customers and our people - so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs over 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 30 seconds ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and