BETA Close X Inchcape PLC has released its 2025 Sustainability Report, detailing progress in the automotive industry's transformation towards new energy vehicles. The report highlights Inchcape's role in enabling mobility access and supporting this transition, with 3% of total vehicle sales in 2025 being battery electric vehicles and seven out of ten new contract wins involving OEMs with BEV-only ranges. The company achieved a 43% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions against a 2019 baseline, including a 9.9% year-over-year decrease, and saw an 81% colleague engagement rate, up 4% from the previous year. Road safety programs were expanded to ten markets, doubling since 2023, and a global AI policy framework was implemented. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 27 May 2026 27 May 2026 Inchcape publishes 2025 Sustainability Report Inchcape plc, the leading independent automotive Distributor, today published its 2025 Sustainability Report, highlighting progress in a transforming industry. Inchcape's 2025 Sustainability Report highlights the key role the Group plays in navigating this transforming industry and enabling access to mobility by supporting markets and consumers in the transition to new energy vehicles (NEVs). The global transition is not uniform, and the Group's role is to ensure that no market is left behind and that customers can access the benefits of mobility. Inchcape's sustainability framework has three clear areas of focus: delivering insights, enabling new technologies, and delivering a sustainable route to market for OEM partners. Inchcape's 2025 report details further progress made in accelerating the global mobility transition locally including: · Delivering insights: Published the first ' Drivers of Change ' report, featuring consumer insights on evolving mobility trends in 13 markets. · Enabling new technologies: 3% of total vehicles sales in 2025 were purely battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and seven of ten new contract wins were with OEMs offering BEV-only ranges. · Sustainable route to market: Achieved a 43% reduction in Inchcape's Scope 1 and 2 emissions against a 2019 baseline, including a 9.9% year-over-year reduction, making strong progress against its 2030 targets. Achieved an 81% colleague engagement rate up 4% on the prior year, road safety programmes were delivered in ten markets, which has doubled since 2023, and an AI policy framework was rolled out globally ensuring governance and supporting responsible adoption. Commenting on the report, Duncan Tait, Group Chief Executive at Inchcape said: "The automotive industry continued to transform in 2025, driven by technological advancement, evolving regulatory landscapes, shifting consumer preferences and a dynamic geopolitical landscape. Drawing on Inchcape's strategic strengths to navigate this environment and deliver long-term success, particularly as the industry transitions to new energy vehicles (NEVs), is more important than ever." Looking ahead, with sustainability embedded in the execution of Accelerate+ and supported by Inchcape ' s people and partnerships, the Group are well positioned to navigate the transition ahead and continue creating value for stakeholders. To read the full report, click here . Contacts Inchcape plc (investor enquiries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 i nvestors@inchcape.com Rachel Masser DGA Group (media enquiries): James Styles +44 (0)7510 385 554 inchcape@dgagroup.com About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive Distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth with low motorisation rates. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners - building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Our ambition is to deliver for our partners, our customers and our people - so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs around 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and