BETA Close X Inchcape plc reported Q1 2026 trading performance in line with expectations, with reported revenue growth of 8% to £2.3 billion, driven by 6% organic revenue growth. This growth was supported by new distribution contracts and market share gains, with Inchcape volume growth exceeding market TIV growth. The Americas and Europe & Africa regions showed strong performance, while APAC faced challenges. The company reiterated its full-year 2026 guidance for EPS growth of over 10%, with a continued focus on disciplined capital allocation, including progress on its £175 million share buyback program. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 30 April 2026 30 April 2026 Inchcape plc, the leading global automotive distributor, announces its Q1 trading update covering 1 January - 31 March 2026 Q1 2026 trading update Performance in-line with management expectations, FY 2026 guidance reiterated Duncan Tait, Group Chief Executive, commented: "Inchcape continues to deliver on our strategy, with our Q1 2026 revenue performance benefiting from our diversified market and brand portfolio. During the quarter, we saw continued good momentum in the Americas and Europe & Africa, offsetting a weaker APAC performance. "Organic revenue growth of 6%, against soft comparators, was supported by the scaling of distribution contracts secured in recent years, market share gains, growth in our core brand portfolio and supportive market conditions in certain regions. We also maintained a strong focus on optimisation across the Group, with on-going cost actions and even closer collaboration with our OEM partners, and through various initiatives in areas like vehicle parts and Finance and Insurance. "We remain disciplined in our capital allocation approach. We are making progress with our recently announced £175m share buyback programme and we have an active acquisition pipeline. We remain on track to meet our 2026 guidance of EPS growth of more than 10%, in line with our medium term target." Key highlights: · Q1 organic revenue growth of 6%, and 8% reported revenue growth to £2.3bn, against soft comparators: · Driven by contribution from distribution contract wins and market share gains, with Inchcape volume growth of 9%, against Inchcape market TIV 1 growth of 6% · Regional market update: o Americas - strong growth delivered, with supportive market conditions o APAC - on-going implementation of management actions to address challenges, including an increasingly competitive Australian market, compounded by brand supply phasing o Europe and Africa - another quarter of market outperformance, supported by strong performance in Iceland, following bolt-on acquisition there in Q3 2025 · No direct impact from Middle East situation on Inchcape markets to date: o Some immaterial disruption to logistics in Europe and Africa o Monitoring consumer demand trends, which have so far remained unchanged · Continued progress against strategy, with disciplined approach to capital allocation: · Two distribution contract wins, Volvo in Ecuador and Deepal in Barbados, with continued momentum from contracts won in previous years · Continued progress with £175m share buyback programme - approximately £27m repurchased (as at 29 April 2026) · Active pipeline of bolt-on acquisitions · Guidance for FY 2026 reiterated - a year of growth, at constant currency, in line with our medium term target, benefitting from our scaled and diversified portfolio : · EPS growth of >10% - driven by: o Organic volume growth towards lower end of 3% - 5% guidance range o Resilient operating margins of c.6% and free cashflow conversion of c.100% o Disciplined approach to capital allocation · Continued expectation of H2-weighted revenue and profit performance - due to: o Increasing contribution from the Americas, with typical H2-weighted seasonality o Brand supply phasing in APAC, as previously highlighted, and the benefits of management actions coming through · In the context of the uncertain and fast-evolving macro environment, we continue to manage our business in an agile and dynamic manner with our OEM partners Q1 2026 revenue YoY% Constant FX Organic 1 Reported Group 2 7% 6% 8% 1. Total Industry Volumes in Inchcape markets, excluding Thailand and Argentina, which are substantial markets where Inchcape volumes are immaterial 2: Organic growth is defined as sales growth in operations that have been open for at least a year at constant foreign exchange rates. In 2025 we disposed of a non-core retail business in Australia which has therefore been removed from the comparative period. 3. In addition to this press release, we have published Q1 26 market data which can be found on our website. Link: Results, Reports + Presentations - Inchcape . Conference call today Adrian Lewis, Group CFO, will hold a conference call for analysts and investors today, Thursday 30th April at 08:30 (UK time). Dial-in details (UK wide) : +44 (0) 33 0551 0200; Toll free : 0808 109 0700 Password (if prompted): Quote 'Inchcape Q1' when prompted by the operator. Webcast details : To register for the webcast of the event please follow this link: Inchcape - Q1 2026 Trading Update . A replay of the call will be available via the Company's website, www.inchcape.com later today. Market abuse regulation statement This announcement contains inside information Financial calendar Ex-dividend date for 2025 full year dividend 7 May 2026 Record date 8 May 2026 Last election date 22 May 2026 Payment date 15 June 2026 AGM 14 May 2026 2026 interim results 28 July 2026 Q3 trading update 22 October 2026 Contacts Inchcape plc (investor enquiries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 i nvestors@inchcape.com Rachel Masser DGA Group (media enquiries): James Styles +44 (0)7510 385 554 inchcape@dgagroup.com About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive Distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth with low motorisation rates. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners - building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Our ambition is to deliver for our partners, our customers and our people - so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs around 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 seconds ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and