BETA Close X Inchcape plc has agreed to acquire Silver Star, the official distributor of Mercedes-Benz passenger vehicles and Daimler Trucks and Buses in Bulgaria, for approximately £240 million in revenue for FY 2025. This strategic acquisition aligns with Inchcape's Accelerate+ strategy, aiming to enhance shareholder returns by expanding its presence in the Bulgarian market, particularly in the truck category, and strengthening its existing Mercedes-Benz partnership. The transaction, which is expected to complete in Q3 2026, is subject to customary conditions and approvals and is anticipated to be accretive to the region and group operating margins. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 22 May 2026 22 May 2026 Inchcape agrees to acquire Silver Star in Bulgaria Inchcape plc, the leading global automotive Distributor, today announces that it has agreed to acquire Silver Star, the official Distributor of Mercedes-Benz passenger vehicles and Daimler Trucks and Buses in Bulgaria. Inchcape's distribution partnership with Mercedez-Benz began in 2019 and today spans Inchcape's three regions. Inchcape has operated in Bulgaria since 1996. Currently* it holds c.13% market share in passenger vehicles and c. 6% market share in light commercial vehicles through longstanding partnerships with Toyota and Lexus. This acquisition will further scale Inchcape's share of passenger vehicles in the Bulgarian market as well as expanding its presence into the truck category. The acquisition reflects the Group's Accelerate+ strategy and its disciplined approach to capital allocation, which focuses on opportunities that enhance long-term shareholder returns. In FY 2025, Silver Star generated revenue of c. £240 million (c. €280 million), with operating margins accretive to the region and Group, and employed 500 colleagues. Duncan Tait, Inchcape Group Chief Executive, said: "This acquisition is a clear example of our Accelerate+ strategy in action: selectively building scale in small to medium markets where we can create value for our OEM partners and customers. Silver Star will strengthen our Mercedes-Benz relationship, enable us to expand into the truck category in Bulgaria and materially increase our market presence. "We have an active M&A pipeline and the capability to capitalise on it where we see value for shareholders. Our recent transaction in Iceland is progressing well and demonstrates how we quickly integrate businesses to deliver growth and drive operational performance. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and on creating long-term, sustainable value for shareholders". The transaction is subject to customary conditions and approvals and is expected to complete in Q3, 2026. The Group will provide a further update when appropriate. *Market share data is based on FY25 vehicle registrations Contacts Inchcape plc (investor enquiries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 i nvestors@inchcape.com Rachel Masser DGA Group (media enquiries): James Styles +44 (0)7510 385 554 inchcape@dgagroup.com About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive Distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth with low motorisation rates. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners - building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Our ambition is to deliver for our partners, our customers and our people - so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs around 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com About Silver Star Founded in 2017, Silver Star provides a comprehensive range of services to both corporate and retail customers, including the sale and after-sales servicing of new and pre-owned passenger cars, vans, trucks and buses, as well as the distribution of spare parts. The Company operates across five sales and service locations nationwide. Since its establishment, Silver Star has delivered more than 20,000 new and pre-owned passenger cars, vans and trucks under the Mercedes-Benz and Daimler Truck brands. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 hours ago CloudCoco Group 9 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 9 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 9 hours ago Inchcape 10 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and