*AASFVYVU*
A21

28/05/2021 #180
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Inchcape

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Strategic report
2 Chairman's welcome
4 Chief Executive's review
6 Group Executive Committee
8 Strategy
10 OEM partnerships
12 Our business model
12 How we generate value
12 Our routes to market
13 Our value chain
17 Where we operate
18 Stakeholder engagement
21 Our investment proposition
23 Capital allocation framework
25 Key performance indicators
26 Operating and financial review
34 Corporate social responsibility
41 Risk management

Governance
52 Chairman's statement
54 Board of Directors
56 Corporate Governance Report
74 Directors’ Report on Remuneration
96 Directors’ Report

Financial statements

Highlights
Revenue

£6.8bn

2019: £9.4bn

Free cash tlow'

£177m

2019: £213m

Return on capital employed’
12%

2019: 22%

Dividend per share’

6.9p
2019: 8.9p

1. APM (attemative performance mesure), see page 176-177

102 Independent auditor's report to the members of Inchcape ple

112 Consolidated income statement

113 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

114 Consolidated statement of financial position
115 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
116 Consolidated statement of cash flows

117 Accounting policies

127 Notes to the financial statements

176 Alternative performance measures

178 Five year record

179 Company statement of financial position
180 Company statement of changes in equity
181 Company accounting policies

184 Notes to the Company financial statements

Other information
197 Shareholder information

VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
AND INTERACTIVE FEATURES INCHCAPE.COM

Cover image: Andrei lonuAin, Technician from our Toyota
Cond Lexus retail and service centre in Voluntari, Romania

Clarifying our financial metrics

Metric Sm

The following table shows the key profit measures that we use throughout this report to most accurately describe operating
performance and how they relate to statutory measures.

Use of metric

Gross Profit 877.8

Direct profit contribution from Value Drivers
(e.g. Vehicles and Aftersales)

Add back: exceptional items charged to

gross profit 16

Gross Profit (pre exceptional items)’ 889.4

Less: segment operating expenses 72:

Operating Profit (pre-exceptional items)! 165.5 Profit generated by the Group

Less: exceptional items (257.1)

Operating Loss (91.6) _ Statutory measure of Operating Profit
Less: Net Finance Costs and JV profit (36.6)

Loss before tax.

(128.2) _ Statutory measure of profit after the costs of financing the Group

Add back: exceptional items. 257.1

Profit before tax and exceptional items! 128.9

1. APM (oltemative performance measure), see page 176177

Bringing mobility to the world’s
communities - for today,
for tomorrow and for the better.

As an independent, multi-brand automotive
distributor and retailer, we bring the best loved
brands to customers throughout the world.

This is brought to life by our talented people through
a combination of long-standing partner relationships,
a growing global footprint, a unique business model
and a long-term strategy.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

WOdIY DIORLVULS

JONVNUIACS

SIN3WALVIS TWIONVNID

Chairman’s welcome

Prioritising safety, managing risk and
continuing to serve in a challenging year

Nigel Stein
Chairman

Image
removed

Dear Shareholders and all of our stakeholders,

When writing last year, | referred to the impact coronavirus
was having on our business in Asia. Its subsequent evolution
into a global pandemic dramatically increased that impact
with most of Inchcape’s businesses around the world
experiencing periods of compulsory shutdown and
restricted operations. The prompt actions taken across the
Group, prioritising the safety of employees and customers,
maintaining high levels of customer service, reducing costs
and maximising cash flow, proved very successful in taking
us through the crisis and are a tribute to the hard work of the
whole Inchcape team. I congratulate them and thank them
greatly for their enormous efforts in 2020.

Performance

Against the background of sharply reduced
automotive markets, the Group’s financial
performance for the year was very satisfactory,
with profit before tax (before exceptionals)' of
£129m and free cash flow' of £177m. Almost alll of
this came from the performance in the second
half of the year, once the initial shockwave of
COVID-19 had subsided. During the early, highly
uncertain period, when many operations were
completely closed, the Group took short-term
protective actions to reduce costs and secure
liquidity, including utilising to a degree various
government sponsored furlough schemes in the
UK, Australia and Singapore and securing a
temporary borrowing facility under the UK CCFF
programme. The Board of Directors and senior
management all agreed to a voluntary 20%
reduction in their fees or salaries.

1. APM (oltemative performance measure), see page 176-177

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Shareholders were also impacted by the
withdrawal of the recommended dividend
payable in June 2020 and cancellation of
the £150m share buyback programme then
underway as precautionary moves to protect
the Group's liquidity.

By the end of June, as the first wave subsided,
the Group quickly established a ‘new normal’
way of operating, with no further utilisation of
government support schemes. Staff temporarily
laid off due to their business being closed were
from then on entirely at Inchcape’s cost. And
where lower levels of demand unfortunately
made it necessary, a number of permanent
headcount reductions were made. The
precautionary £100m drawn down under the
CCFF scheme was repaid; other suspended
activities resumed with Executive Directors’ and
management salaries reverting to former levels.

ic progress
In spite of the pandemic, the Group took
some important steps forward with its strategy.
This included the acquisition of the Daimler
Distribution businesses in Colombia and EI
Salvador which help build our relationship with
that important OEM. We also added to our MINI
and Jaguar Land Rover distributorships as well as
selling a number of dealerships in the UK as part
of building a better, stronger UK business.

As announced last May, Duncan Tait took over
as CEO in July 2020, bringing considerable
experience of the Technology sector, which is
of increasing importance to Inchcape'’s future.
His report, which follows this, gives more details
of our strategic evolution.

The Board keeps a close eye on the major
disruptive trends affecting the global automotive
industry and has considered what impact the
pandemic may have on them. Shared ownership,
autonomous vehicles and fully connected cars
still lie some way ahead, but electrification of
the drivetrain has accelerated. The pace of
electrification is still significantly driven by
government legislation, incentives and support
for investment in the necessary charging
infrastructure. Many countries are now bringing
forward their target dates for achieving the
milestones on the path to zero emissions as

a direct response to climate change and

fecent changes in US government policy will
undoubtedly provide a further boost towards
electrification globally.

Inchcape is confident that our partnership with
advanced technology OEMs puts us in a good
Position to both respond to and take advantage
of the accelerating pace of electrification. We
continue to watch developments closely and
shape our strategy accordingly.

Board

As mentioned above, we were delighted to
appoint Duncan Tait as our new CEO from

1 July 2020 succeeding Stefan Bomhard, who
left Inchcape to take up a position elsewhere.
Alex Jensen was appointed in January 2020 as
stated in last year’s Annual Report and Rachel
Empey recently announced her intention to stand
down in April 2021 due to other commitments.
Rachel has made a strong contribution to our
Board over the last five years for which we thank
her. We have commenced a process to seek a
suitable replacement.

Till Vestring has completed nine years on the
Board and ordinarily would stand down at the
forthcoming AGM. We highly value having a
Board member based in Asia, our largest
market, and are actively seeking an Asia-based
teplacement. With the current COVID travel
restrictions, Till has kindly agreed to extend his
tenure until we have successfully appointed
‘and inducted his replacement onto the Board.

The various unexpected activities of 2020 made
for a busy year for the Board. | would like to
express my gratitude to all my fellow Board
members for their commitment and support
‘over the last 12 months.

Dividends and returns to shareholders

The Board decided as a precautionary measure
not to pay dividends during 2020 and to cancel
the share buyback programme already
underway. The subsequent financial performance
‘and in particular the excellent work on liquidity
led by our CFO, Gijsbert de Zoeten, have left our
already strong balance sheet in an even better
Position. Having carefully considered the situation
from a range of stakeholder perspectives, the
Board has decided on this occasion to
recommend a dividend of 6.9 pence per

share payable in June 2021 (2020 ENil).

Looking ahead

At the time of writing, it seems likely that COVID-19
will be with us for some considerable time longer,
with all that implies. But we remain highly
confident in the Group's ability to maintain its
strong operating capability through the months
ahead, whilst also maintaining focus on our
strategic progress.

$172 statement

The Directors have exercised their duties under the Companies
Act 2006 throughout the year, including under Section 172, the
duty to promote the success of the Company whilst having
regard for the factors in 172(1)(a) to (f). These and other
factors are taken into consideration by the Directors when
making decisions in their role as the Board of Inchcape pic.

The factors listed under $172 are integral to most of the
significant decisions taken during the year. The Board is satisfied
that the information provided by management and others via
reporting, performance updates, key performance measures,
independent advice and industry and economic updates is of
appropriate quality to allow the Board to have due regard for
each of the factors.

Case studies demonstrating how the Directors have discharged
their duties under $172 are given on page 60. Stakeholder
engagement is given on pages 18 to 19, Additional information on.
areas which impact stakeholders can be found on:

$172 factor Additional information Page
Consequences of Strategy 69
decisions in the Capital allocation 23
long term Risk 41-50
Interest of Company's Stakeholderengagement 1819
employees CSR Report 34-36
Directors’ Report 98-99
Foster Company's Stakeholder engagement 1819
business relationships Strategic Report 10-11
with suppliers, Business model and 1219

customers and others _ value chain
Impact of operations Stakeholderengagement 1819

on community and CSR Report 37
the environment Nomfinancial information 38-39
statement
High standards of Non-financial information 38-39

business conduct statement
Acting fairly between Directors’ Report 9
members

I would end by again thanking the whole
Inchcape team across the 34 countries in which
we operate for their extraordinary efforts in this
extremely difficult year. You should be extremely
proud of what you accomplished. Thank you!

Nigel Stein
Chairman

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

WOdR DIDILVULS

3ONVNUIAOD

SINSWSLVIS TWIONVNIE

Chief Executive's review

An outstanding business with an exciting

future ahead

Duncan Tait
Group Chief
Executive

Image
removed

1am delighted to present my first review since
succeeding to the Group CEO role in July 2020.
My tenure began in the midst of the global
COVID-19 pandemic, a time of significant
challenge for the Group, our industry and the
world at large, but | am pleased to confirm

that | inherited a strong and sustainable business.
This is reflected in our full-year results which,
despite dynamic market conditions, were ahead
of our recently revised expectations.

Before reviewing our performance in 2020 and setting out my
thinking for the future direction of the business, | want to first
Pay tribute to my colleagues. Our performance in extremely
testing times is down to their dedication and efforts. | could not
be prouder to work with such talented people, who ensured
that the business navigated the complexities of the global
pandemic. As well as looking after our business, colleagues
have delivered for their local communities, contributing crisis
support by offering expertise and deploying resources at the
peak of the pandemic.

The characteristics that attracted me to join inchcape earlier
in the year have only been reinforced by what | have seen.
‘Our underlying strength is borne of a combination of factors
including the diversity of our global markets, long-standing
partnerships with many of the world’s leading automotive
manufacturers, unique business model. investment proposition
and diverse and talented people.

These factors have enabled the business to deliver what | think
is an outstanding result despite the challenges we faced. f we
can perform like this under such challenging circumstances,
we should be excited about what we can do in a more

stable environment.

Performance

Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic had a material impact on
trading for a substantial period of the year, as markets
experienced government mandated lockdowns. Despite the
initial disruption however, we saw an improving trend towards

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

the end of the second quarter when some markets were able
to partially reopen. The dynamism of the situation meant there
was a balance of exposure to restrictions: whereas several of
our operations in Latin America, for example, saw the most
severe lockdowns, markets in Europe were able to remain
partially open for servicing, and Hong Kong remained open
‘and trading throughout the period.

From the beginning of the pandemic, we had a dedicated
‘taskforce’ to manage the risks we faced and report on our
response. Business continuity measures were introduced
and robust health and safety protocols put in place to
ensure the protection of our customers and our people.
Social distancing measures and PPE provision have helped
to minimise the risk of exposure.

The situation was dynamic throughout 2020, and has
continued to cause some disruption at the start of 2021 but
| believe we are well prepared both from operational and
liquidity standpoints.

lam delighted with the way in which our teams worked to find
solutions to maintain a route to market for our OEMs, adapting
practices to enable us to continue to serve our customers
notably through accelerating rollout of ‘click and collect’,
‘online and omni-channel services.

Revenues of £6.86n for the year compare to £9.4bn in 2019,
while we delivered profit before tax and exceptional items of
£129m (vs £326m in 2019), the majority of which was generated
in the second half. Cash management was exceptional
throughout the year, but particularly shone through in the
second halt, clearly demonstrating the highly cash-generative
nature of our business model.

The headline numbers mask the significant progress the Group
made in 2020 including the successful execution of the largest
cost-saving programme in our history, and a further

rationalising of our retail footprint through selective divestment.

While 2020 will always be associated with COVID-19, a number
of our markets were also significantly impacted by social unrest
For those within Inchcape it will be remembered as a year our
business showcased its resilience, and took prompt, but tough.
actions to make our platform leaner and fit for Distripution-
focused growth.

Business development

lam pleased to report that, despite the considerable
challenges presented by the pandemic, the Group continued
to make good strategic progress on several fronts: expanding
‘our portfolio representation for key OEM partners; rationalising
our retail footprint in non-Distribution markets; further
implementing new digital capability; and introducing business
optimisation processes in sales and operations planning.

We expanded our representation of Daimler in the Americas
during the year, completing the acquisition of Daimler
Colombia and becoming, within the space of a few months,
the second largest Daimler distributor in Latin America.

This important build to the Daimler platform was then further
enhanced with the addition of the contract for El Salvador later
in the year. Towards the end of 2020, we also secured the
distribution rights for MINI in Chile and both MINI and BMW
Motorrad in Peru which we began operating in December.
Central and South America has been the key focus for our

growth strategy and since 2016 we have progressed from
representing one brand in two markets to our position at the
end of 2020 in nine markets and a strong portfolio of premium,
volume, commercial and electric vehicle (EV) focused brands.

We have also developed our position in Europe, agreeing a
Distribution joint venture with Jaguar Land Rover in Poland, one
of the largest available markets in the region. This consolidates
‘our representation of the brand across territories in norhem
Europe, including all three Batic states, and brings Poland into
the Distribution segment where previously we had a Retai-only
Position in the market.

lam pleased to report that several key initiatives have seen
significant developments over the year, particularly as we seek
to build the most efficient and cost-effective Distribution
platform for our automotive partners, one that will respond to
the changing priorities of consumers and the challenges and
opportunities presented by climate change.

‘Our focus is on optimising our business, creating an
environment in which data-driven decision-making streamlines
‘our processes and empowers our people by reducing

laborious administrative tasks. Automating processes in Sales
‘and Operations Planning (S&OP) enables more accurate stock
forecasting so that we can manage our inventory much more
efficiently. This is a model which combines faster, digitalised
processes with human experience and expertise to create
optimal stock levels and therefore also positively affecting
working capital management, inventory obsolescence, storage
costs and supporting gross margins.

Similarly, our Customer Lifecycle Management (CLM)
programme combines the skills and capabilities of our people
with integrated digital support platforms to provide our
customers with an improved experience. With customer
interactions increasingly taking place online further into the
purchase process (even as far as ‘click and collect’), our
omni-channel platform allows customers to build the vehicle
access experience that they want. Having initiated the
programme in Melbourne, Australia, in the past year we have
begun rolling out to our operations in South America, with
staggered implementation planned in other markets.

Strategic priorities
The Ignite strategy has laid strong foundations for the Group
and catalysed a shift towards the more attractive Distribution
segment. As we embark on the next phase of the Group's
journey, Distribution remains at the core of the business. In
setting the future direction we have reflected on the structural
changes taking place across the automotive industry, and how
these provide opportunity across our core competencies as a
distributor of mobility services in fast-growing markets.

We concluded that an ambitious Inchcape could benefit
significantly from and thrive in this new world, one where we
can both leverage our existing Distribution infrastructure and
drive expansion across new markets and competencies.

Our new strategy will focus on two key growth pillars:

1. Distribution Excellence; and
2. Vehicle Lifecycle Services

In ‘Distribution Excellence’ we see an opportunity to take our
core Distribution business, and make it both better and bigger.
In Vehicle Lifecycle Services’ we believe there is significant

untapped potential, across all of our markets, that the
business has not fully realised in the past. In summary, we are
putting more emphasis on capturing the lifetime value of both
customers and vehicles. We will approach our growth ina
prudent and structured manner, in close collaboration with
our OEM partners.

We have identified three key enablers that will play an integral
role in making our strategy a success:

- People, Culture and Capabilities: attracting, developing
and retaining talent to enable a high performance
innovation culture

~ Digital, Data and Analytics: integrate data and analytics
to drive decision-making. and digitalise customer journeys

~ Efficient Scale Operations: standardisation of processes
regionally and globally

We are confident this will drive growth within our current

footprint and even faster expansion in new markets, with

both existing and new partners.

As we look to define the future strategic direction of the
business, so we have reviewed the role Inchcape plays in
society and in this light we have defined our purpose:

“Bringing mobility to the world’s communities - for today,
for tomorrow and for the better”

In conjunction with the development of our mid-term plan,
we are building a responsible business plan that is deeply
connected to our strategy and to all of our stakeholders.

Inchcape is a strong business, with significant unrealised
potential. With our strategy we are striving to create an
excellent business, with meaningful growth opportunities to
deliver shareholder value through organic growth,
consolidation and cash returns.

READ MORE ABOUT OUR EVOLVING STRATEGY AND NEW PURPOSE ON PAGES 8-9

Our people

| would like to underscore how impressed | have been by our
People, and to thank them for their dedication during a very
challenging year. Our better than expected performance is
credit in no small part to our people's spirit and can-do attitude.

Inchcape employs a diverse talent pool that will be a major
‘asset in the context of our evolving strategy. This is a business
that strongly believes in supporting people to grow in their
careers, just as they contribute to the growth of the business.
This approach will continue to drive how we attract, develop
and retain talented individuals as we look to support the further
development and implementation of the strategy.

Sector reclassification

Given the shift of the business towards Distribution, the

London Stock Exchange reconsidered the appropriateness

of Inchcape’s sector classification. As of 19 June 2020,

the Group has been classified within ‘Business Support Services’
(previously ‘Speciality Retail’).

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

BIOdR can

BONVNUIAOD

SINSINGLVIS TWIONVNIL

Chief Executive's review continued

Capital allocation

Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged and, in
order, our priorities are: to invest in the business to position it
strongly for the future; to make dividend payments; to conduct
value-accretive M&A; and, in the absence of appropriate
inorganic opportunities, consider share buyback programmes.

With a considerably strengthened financial position and
renewed confidence in the future, the Board, having taken

into account the extraordinary circumstances that the business
endured during the year and a broad stakeholder perspective,
believes it is the right time to resume dividends and has
proposed a payment of 6.9p for FY2020.

Investment proposition

Distribution is at the core of Inchcape. Given our geographic
footprint, with exposure to high growth markets and our
diversified revenue streams, the Group aims to deliver

global GDP-plus organic growth. The highly fragmented
nature of Distribution also provides significant scope for
inorganic expansion.

As the largest independent automotive distributor, we have

a unique opportunity to leverage our scale and efficiencies,
which we are doing today with our digital developments. In
‘addition to its attractive growth prospects, the business is
asseHight with a history of delivering a strong cash-conversion.
Combined with a disciplined approach to capital allocation,
we believe these should enable the Group to maintain its long
track record of delivering attractive shareholder value.

Looking ahead

We are excited to be entering the next phase of the Group's
Distribution focused growth strategy, with an emphasis on
greater use of technology to improve our business for the
benefit of our consumers, our OEMs and our people.

As of today, the COVID-19 situation remains dynamic. While
we saw good momentum in the business in the second half,
volatility and unpredictability are likely to continue throughout
2021. Our operations are better equipped to continue in this
tapidly changing environment and we have materially
teduced our cost base. Absent any severe restrictions in

2021, we expect material growth in profits and an improved
operating margin. This takes account of a ¢.£15m translational
currency headwind to Group profits based on prevailing rates.

Looking beyond the short term, our vision is to both strengthen
and further broaden our OEM relationships and to continue to
expand our geographic reach - enabling us to bring mobility
to the world’s communities.

Duncan Tait
Group Chief Executive

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our Group Executive
Committee

The Executive leadership is a global team of
business leaders that combines a strong focus on
operational excellence with a wealth of
experience in automotive and a wide range of
other industries, including FMCG, management
services, utilities and finance. The Executive Team
drives the strategic vision and operational
direction of the Company on behalf of the Board.

Image Image
removed removed
Duncan Tait Gijsbert de Zoeten
Group Chief Executive Chief Financial Officer
Image Image
removed removed
Ashtord Mike Bowers
CEO APAC Group General Counsel
Image Image
removed removed
James Brearley Helen Cunningham
‘CEO UK Chief Human Resources
Officer
Image Image
removed removed
Ruslan Kinebas Mark Deamley
‘CEO Americas & Africa Chief Digital Officer
Image
removed
Qlatkos Persianis
CEO Europe

During 2020 we welcomed four new Executive Officers to Inchcape, in addition to the appointment of
our new Group CEO. This change has been driven by several factors including the reorganisation of
our operational regions and the acceleration of our focus on digitalising the systems and processes

that support the business.
Glatkos Persianis
CEO Europe
Image
removed

Glatkos joined Inchcape in April 2020 from Vodafone Group
pic, where he most recently held the post of Commercial
Director for the UK and was responsible for 9,000 colleagues
and a turnover of €3.3bn.

@: What is Inchcape doing to improve its use of analytics and
how will this enable the business to maximise value in the
customer and vehicle lifecycles?

A; Improving our data analytics capability at Inchcape will help
drive better decision-making across our organisation, with the
aim of improving our overall customer satisfaction, revenue
and profitability. We're doing this through a pragmatic ‘test
and learn’ approach where we apply advanced analytics and
data science to specific "use cases’, which are prioritised
based on the value they can bring to our markets and their
ease of execution. Once deployed, use cases can easily be
adapted and transferred across to other markets. Advanced
analytics use cases touch all the steps of a customer's vehicle
ownership lifecycle: driving more customer traffic to our web
sites; better converting this website traffic into leads and sales;
and improving the retention and value of our customers in
aftersales and potential to purchase again. To enable this,

we are establishing a global cloud-based advanced analytics
and