| @ Inchcape

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2018

Image
removed

*A86NTWYX*
A10

31/05/2019 #142
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

STRATEGIC REPORT

1 Chairman's welcome

2. Chief Executive's review

4 Ourunique global position

6 Working with leading OEM partners
8 Ourvalue chain
11. Overview of our industry
12. Ourstrategy
15. Ourinvestment proposition
16 Capital Allocation Framework
18 Key Performance Indicators
20 Operating and financial review
28 Corporate social responsibility
35. Risk management

GOVERNANCE
48. Board of Directors
50 Chairman's statement
51 Corporate Govemance Report
68 Directors’ Report on Remuneration
88 Directors’ Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

94 Independent auditor's report to the members of Inchcape pic

102 Consolidated income statement
103 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
104 Consolidated statement of financial position

105 Consolidated statement of changes in equity

106 Consolidated statement of cash flows

107 Accounting policies

118 Notes to the financial statements

165. Alternative performance measures

166 Five year record

167 Company statement of financial position

168 Company statement of changes in equity

169 Company Accounting policies

171. Notes to the Company financial statements

OTHER INFORMATION
184 Shareholder information

Visit our website for additional information and
interactive features inchcape.com

Clarifying our Financial Metrics

REVENUE

£9.3BN

2017: £9.0BN

DIVIDEND PER SHARE’

26.8P

2017: 26.8P.
CASH RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS

£115.2M

2017: £152.9M
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED’

28%

2017: 30%

‘APM (alternative performance measures),
page 165

Image
removed

The following table shows the key profit measures that we use throughout this report to most accurately describe
underlying operating performance and how they relate to statutory measures.

Metric Results: Use of Metric

Gross Profit 1,301.3 Direct profit contribution from Value Drivers (e.g. Vehicles and Aftersales)
Less: Segment operating expenses (899.9)

Trading Profit 401.4 — Underlying profit generated by our Segments

Less: Central Costs (16.3)

Operating Profit (pre Exceptional Items) 385.1 Underlying profit generated by the Group

‘ess: Exceptional tems (210.8)

Operating Profit 174.3 __ Statutory measure of Operating Profi

Less: Net Finance Costs and JV profit (inc, exceptional items) (42.2)

Profit before Tax 132.1 Statutory measure of profit after the costs of financing the Group
‘Add back: Exceptional tems 2247

Profit Before Tax & Exceptional tems

356.8

‘One of the Group's KPIs

CHAIRMAN’S WELCOME

NIGEL
STEIN

Chairman

Image
removed

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

lwas honoured to be appointed Chairman of Inchcape
at last May’s annual general meeting. succeeding

Ken Hanna in the role. Ken had served on the Board

for 17 years, including nine as Chairman, playing

a significant part in Inchcape being the successful
company it is today. On all stakeholders’ behalf,

I thank him for his contribution and look forward

to taking the Company forward on the next stage

of its constant evolution.

2018 TRADING

Inchcape had a resilient trading performance in 2018,
year which saw challenging conditions in several
automotive markets, with lower demand in the UK and
Australia particularly impacting our results. The Group
performed well in its other markets, keeping sales overall
moving ahead and pre-exceptional profit before tax only
slightly lower. Employees across Inchcape worked
extremely hard to deliver this result and | sincerely thank
them for their efforts.

STRATEGY

Since assuming my role, | have taken the opportunity

to visit several of the Group’s larger markets. In each,
Iwas impressed by the capability, commitment and
enthusiasm of the Inchcape teams | met and noted their
strong support for the Ignite strategy. which is bringing
increasing benefits to the bottom line.

Progress against the five drivers of the Ignite strategy

is covered elsewhere in this report, but at a time of low
growth in Inchcape’s main markets, successful execution
of those initiatives will be increasingly important to

‘our success.

As is clear from the results, Inchcape’s business is
increasingly weighted towards the Distribution segment.
The Board believes this is a more resilient market position
than a purely Retail presence, although it recognises
the importance of demonstrating Inchcape’s Retail
credentials to its global OEM partners. Future investment
and capital expenditure are therefore planned to be
more weighted to our Distribution than Retail segment.

FUTURE TRENDS

The Board spends considerable time looking at the
longer-term outlook in the global automotive industry.
This is a time of considerable change in our industry,

with some major disruptive trends looking likely to change
the way cars are purchased, used and maintained in the
medium to longer term. These include electrification of
the drivetrain including more battery electric cars; shared
ownership; and autonomous or “self driving” vehicles.

All of these being enabled by a high degree of digital
connectivity inside and between vehicles.

Inchcape is working closely with its OEM partners to
evaluate how these changes will impact our automotive
markets, how we can benefit from them and what risks
‘we must guard against.

AOI SIOZ1VULS

Nearer at hand are changes already taking place in
the way our customers choose to interact with Inchcape,
with most now using digital channels to evaluate the
model they would like before they ever visit a showroom.
We are stepping up our investment in digital capability
to ensure Inchcape keeps an attractive and competitive
online presence.

GOVERNANCE

Inchcape prides itself on a strong governance culture,
recognising that in a business spread broadly across
emerging markets and with new acquisitions, this
cannot be taken for granted. During the year several
governance processes were refreshed and a new Code
of Conduct and Employee Handbook issued, supported
by an extensive training programme.

BOARD CHANGES

A strong and relevant Board with skills which add to the
Company's wider “experience” is an important asset.

In that connection we were pleased to welcome Jane
Kingston who joined the Board in August 2018. Jane’s
background and previous career are set out in detail
elsewhere in the Directors’ Report. Her expertise is already
proving useful to our team.

Nigel Northridge, the Senior Independent Director,

is standing down from the Board at the AGM after more
than nine years’ service. | would like to thank Nigel for his
excellent contribution to the Board over those years. The
Board has approved the appointment of Jerry Buhimann
to succeed Nigel Northridge as Senior Independent
Director. Further details are given on page 66.

LOOKING AHEAD

The anticipated softening of demand in a number

of major markets and the potential economic impact
of Brexit in the UK and Europe will create a challenging
backdrop to 2019. Despite this we expect Inchcape

to deliver a resilient underlying performance

The strengths of the Group's business model, its exposure
to high growth markets, strong partnership with leading
OEMs and weighting towards Distribution, together with
a strong focus on cost control, will help us to respond

to the current challenges and position us well for the
years ahead.

Signature
removed

Nigel Stein
Chairman

SONVNUIACD

SINAW3IVIS TVIDNVNH

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018 1

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

UND

ERLYING
STRENGTH DERVERING

LONG-TERM VALU

STEFAN

BOMHARD

Chief
Executive

Image
removed

Once more it is my pleasure to write to you at the end
of a year that has delivered strategic progress in many
markets, despite some external pressures. We have
grown our business, adding several new contracts

to our portfolio, and placing greater emphasis on
Distribution as the core of our business model; we have
further leveraged our scale on costs; and we have made
good progress in improving our digital capability and
execution of the Inchcape customer experience.

In many ways the financial results of 2018 validate

our strategic intent to focus our growth on Distribution.
Our influence and control of the full value chain in
Distribution markets ensured we were able to mitigate
market challenges, returning a very positive full year
performance in the Asia region. However, we continued
to face significant pressures in some of our Retail markets
(in particular Australia and the UK) where performance
was impacted by factors including a market slowdown
and a reduced demand for diesel, leading to a resilient
Group profit performance in 2018. We have progressed
many strategic objectives during the year and have
actions in place to improve our Retail operations in 2019.

I would like to outline why despite facing periodic
challenges | believe that Inchcape has the fundamental
strength to succeed, to continue to grow and to deliver
returns on investment for our shareholders over the

long term.

A full review of how our markets performed in 2018 can
be found on pages 20-26 in the Operating Review.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018

A UNIQUE AND SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS MODEL
Inchcape has a unique business model; we are the only
independent automotive Distributor and Retailer with
global scale.

The heart of our business, and our core set of
competencies, is in automotive Distribution, that is the
management of the post-factory value chain for our
vehicle manufacturer or ‘OEM’ (original equipment
manufacturer) pariners. The Distribution model
allows us to capture a greater portion of the value
chain and drive higher margins and returns. We have
long-standing strategic Distribution partnerships,
providing end-to-end routes-to-market for some of the
world's leading and most recognisable vehicle
manufacturers; our portfolio of these brands is diverse
and includes premium, volume and commercial OEMs,
which gives us a balanced segmental representation
across our operations.

Within that value chain we also operate as a Retailer,
giving us true insight into our customers and allowing
us to develop world-class customer experience
solutions that are globally scalable. In fact, through

the fullspectrum Distribution value chain Inchcape
manages business partner and customer touchpoints
from vehicle product planning right through to servicing
customers’ cars.

Our business model and segmental split are shown in
more detail on pages 8-9.

OUR STRATEGY TO DRIVE GROWTH

Inchcape’s Ignite strategy is the powertrain that moves
‘our business forward and underpins our ambition to drive
growth. Ignite was created to drive operational
excellence across our markets; to consolidate select
parts of our fragmented industry; fo continually innovate
to take advantage of our scale and expertise; and to
ensure a long-term future for the Company.

Through ignite’s first four objectives - our organic growth
drivers - we build a stronger, more sustainable business,
as well as the trust of our OEM partners and customers.
These are our two key operational stakeholders and the
focal points of our vision to become the world’s most
trusted automotive Distributor and Retailer.

Inchcape operates in markets that are subject to
changing trends and conditions, and it is through Ignite
that we strive to maximise the profit opportunity against
that backdrop.

You can read more about the strategic objectives and
our progress this year on pages 12-13.

A PLATFORM FOR CONSOLIDATION

Ignite’s fifth objective focuses on entry into and
consolidation of small to medium-sized markets with
high growth potential where we can optimise our unique
competitive advantage to establish marketteading
positions for our OEM partners. The key to this strategy,
and one of the successes of the past year, is in
establishing regional platforms for growth, using an initial
market presence in a given region as a springboard to
further consolidation opportunities. In 2018 we used this
approach to consolidate

---

r

ily Non-Cash charge of $210.8m, comprising £198.2m of goodwill and osset impaiment (UK & Europe).

§5.4m of non-cash pension charge relating to GMP equalisation and $7.2m relaiing fo acquisitions. 2017 adjusted profit excludes an exceptional chorge of £12.6m,
Comprising £10.5m of primarily cosh exceptioncl charges relating fo the fixed cost review, ond $2.1m of costs relating fo the South Americon acquisition

loans in 2009.

2018 adjusted profit before tax excludes 0 £13.9m exceptional non-cosh finance cost relating to fair value adjustments against repayment of US Private placement

(Our results are stated ot actual rates of exchange, However, to enhance comparability we also present year-on-year changes in sales ond tracing profi in constant
currency. thereby isolating the impact of exchange. Unless otherwise stated, changes in soles and trading profit in the operating review ore at constant currency.

The 2019 outlook commentary is ciso referenced at constant currency.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018

We have a long-standing
Distribution partnership with Suzuki
stretching back over 40 years.

In March 2018 our acquisition

of Grupo Rudelman introduced

not only two new markets to our
portfolio, but also a step-change in
our relationship with Suzuki, and we
are delighted that the brand is now
a volume Distribution partner and
the lead brand in our newly formed
Central America platform.

Image
removed

LOCATIONS DISTRIBUTION

Image
removed

Costa Rica, Panama, Singapore, Argentina

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018

21

WOT DOIVUS:

FONVNUIACD

‘SINIWALVIS TVIONVNIS

22

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED

SEGMENTAL PERFORMANCE

Segmental detail can also be found in Note 2 of the accounts, and our appendix contains the list of markets that fall
within each region. During the year, the Group has reviewed the operating segments and determined that in those
regions where we are the Distributor and manage a network that includes dealerships that we own and operate,

the results of those retail operations are better reflected as part of the results from Distribution. This has resulted in the
results from our Subaru, Peugeot and Citroen retail operations in Australia and Toyota retail operations in Europe being
reported as part of Australasia and UK and Europe Distribution. Restatements are also reflective of smaller changes

relating to IFRS 15 and a reallocation of some central costs.

DISTRIBUTION

The Distribution segment delivered year-on-year revenue growth of 6.6%, or 3.6% excluding the new Central American
operations. Distribution trading profit grew 6.5% in constant currency and was up 3.0%, excluding the Central America
acquisition. Group Distribution trading margin declined 20bps to 7.5%, a strong improvement of 90bps in our Asia
business, offset mostly by our Emerging Markets business in Ethiopia. On our historic segmental presentation Distribution
grew +9.3%, or +5.6% excluding the new Central America operations.

Yearended —Yearended ‘% change in
2018 2017" ‘constant
sm Sm ___% change currency
Revenue
Asia 1,687.7 1,692.6 (0.3%) 1.3%
Australasia 1,198.4 1,237.8 (3.2%) 2.6%
UK & Europe 1,145.5, 1,068.4 7.2% 5.4%
Emerging Markets 956.5, 794.7 20.4% 26.0%
Total Distribution 4,988.1 4,793.5 4.1% 6.6%
Trading profit
Asia 169.6 154.2 10.0% 11.8%
Australasia 87.8 92.2 (4.8%) 0.8%
UK & Europe 33.3 34.5 (3.5%) (6.2%)
Emerging Markets 84.2 859 (2.0%) 7.7%
Total Distribution 374.9 366.8 2.2% 6.5%
Trading profit margin
Asia 10.0% 91% O.9ppt O.9ppt
Australasia 7.3% 74%  (@.lppt) @.1ppt)
UK & Europe 2.9% 3.2%  (O.3ppt) — (O.3ppt)
Emerging Markets 8.8% 10.8%  (2.0ppt) —_(1.Sppt)
Total Distribution 7.5% 7.7% (.2ppt) (0. 1ppt)

1. 2017 restated following the adoption of IFRS 15 and segmental change

- Asia revenue grew 1% and trading profit grew 12%,
driven by a pleasing New car performance and
supported by Aftersales. In Hong Kong, we saw very
strong underlying market share growth of more than
140bps against a broadly flat market, excluding
incentive-driven electric vehicle volumes in 2017.

This was helped by the successful launch of the

new Toyota Alphard product. Singapore's sales
performance was pleasing against the new vehicle
market decline of 18% which was driven by the
anticipated reduction in Certificates of Entitlement
(COEs) availability. The annualising effect of the Harrier
product launch, historically a domestic Japanese
focused product for Toyota, helped to drive market
share gains in Singapore and was also beneficial to
margin mix. Trading profit margins for Asia as a whole
grew 90bps, driven by double digit profit growth in
Hong Kong alongside a strong top-line and good
management of Singapore headwinds which enabled
profit growth in the market.

Australasia saw sales growth of 3% and trading profit

growth of 1%. On our previous classification Australasia
trading profit grew 14%. The Australian new car market

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018

declined by 3% over the year, with weakness driven

by the New South Wales submarket, although
outperformance continued to be seen in the SUV
segment. Against these market trends our Subaru
operations were able to broadly maintain their global
leading market share at 4.3% over the year, although
the phasing of the new Forester launch impacted sales
growth in the second half. Australasia trading profit
was supported by a net c.$16m transactional currency
tailwind. The division’s profit decline excluding the Yen
benefit includes the weaker profit generated in Retail
sites, in part due to a high Sydney concentration,
where the Australian market saw greater contraction.
The Peugeot Citroén business, which saw the
successful launch of the Peugeot 3008, albeit in
competitive market, remains broadly breakeven.

UK & Europe sales grew 5% and trading profit declined
5%. The Greek market was up 17% over the year as it
continued to recover from years of decline following

a sustained period of macro-economic and political
uncertainty. Our Toyota Lexus operations benefited
from this trend and drove good growth for the division.
In Belgium, the Passenger car market grew by 1% and

was impacted by competitor actions around WLTP-
which impacted profit growth. Our Balkan and Baltic
operations continued to structurally grow over 2018,
however competitive behaviours, including linked

to WLIP, in the Battics restricted profit growth later

in the year.

Emerging Markets sales grew 26% over the year and
trading profit grew 8%, strongly supported by Ignite
initiatives. Excluding the Central America acquisition,
trading profit declined b

---

Rudelman
business in Central America, and £5.4m as a result of
equalising Guaranteed Minimum Pensions in the Group's
UK pension schemes following a ruling in the High Court.
In 2017, the exceptional operating costs comprised costs
of £10.5m associated with the global cost reduction
programme and £2.1m in relation to the acquisition and
integration of the Subaru and Hino Distribution businesses
in South America.

Net financing costs

Net financing costs for the year, before exceptional
finance costs, have increased from £25.0m in 2017 to
£28.4m in 2018. The increase is due to increased levels
of debt and supplier financing following the acquisition
of the business in Central America in March 2018,
together with the impact of an increase in base rates
in the second half of 2017 and the annualisation of the
interest cost on the sterling loan notes. Over 2019 we
expect a charge of £28m in constant currency.

During the year, we incurred exceptional finance costs
of £13.9m. This represents a one-off correction to the fair
value basis of assessment of the Group's US$ Private
Placement Loan Notes. This amount has been reported
as an exceptional item in order to provide additional
useful information regarding the Group’s underlying
business performance. The impact on profit before tax
in each of the prior periods affected was not material
and, had each period been reported correctly,

there would have been no impact on executive

or employee remuneration.

Tax

The effective tax rate for the year before exceptional
items was 22.5% (2017: 25.2%). The underlying rate
teflects the Group's profit mix and weighted average
tax rate. together with the impact of postacquisition
restructuring of the Indumotora business and the
resolution of audits in several jurisdictions. During 2018,
tax paid was £98.7m (2017: £85.9m) with the increase
principally driven by the timing of instalment payments
in Hong Kong and Singapore. Tax paid also includes
£5.9m relating to the return of the surplus from the
TKM pension scheme.

We expect the effective rate to increase to 23-24% in 2019
given the profit mix across the Group.

Non-controlling interests

Profits attributable to our non-controlling interests

were £7.0m, compared to £7.9m in 2017. The Group's
non-controlling interests principally comprised a 10%
share of Subaru Australia, a 6% share of the Motor &
Engineering Company of Ethiopia, a 30% share

in NBT Brunei and a 33% minority holding in UAB Vitvela
in Lithuania.

Foreign currency

During the year, the Group incurred a loss of £15.5m
(2017: a gain of £15.2m) from the translation of its
overseas profits before tax into sterling at the 2018
average exchange rate when compared with the
average exchange rates used for translation in 2017.

Dividend

The Board recommends a final ordinary dividend of
17.9p per ordinary share which is subject to the approval
of shareholders at the 2018 Annual General Meeting.
This gives a total dividend for the year of 26.8p per
ordinary share (2017: 26.8p). The dividend will be paid
‘on 21 June 2019 to all shareholders on the register of
members on 17 May 2019. A Dividend Reinvestment Plan
(DRIP) is available to Ordinary shareholders and the final
date for receipt of elections to participate in the

DRIP is 31 May 2019.

Pensions

At the end of 2018, the IAS 19 net post-retirement surplus
was £81.9m (2017: £72.3m), with the increase in the
surplus driven by changes in demographic and financial
assumptions partially offset by a decrease in the value of
pension assets. In line with the funding programme
agreed with the Trustees, the Group made additional
cash contributions to the UK pension schemes
amounting to £2.7m (2017: £2.7m). We have agreed with
the Trustees that future cash contributions will continue at
broadly this level.

During the year, Aviva completed the issue of individual
policies to members of the TKM pension scheme and
the trustees of the scheme returned £16.8m before

tax (£10.9m after tax) of the surplus in the scheme to.
the Group.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2018

AWOMTY OIOAUVUS

JONVNUIAOD

‘SINSWALVIS TVIONVNIE

25

26

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED

Acquisitions and disposals

In March 2018, the Group acquired Grupo Rudelman,

a Suzuki focused Distribution business with integrated
Retail assets operating in Costa Rica and Panama.

The total cost of this acquisition was £155.5m including
cash acquired of £8.5m. During the year the Group also
entered into a Distribution contract with Jaguar Land
Rover to distribute the Jaguar and Land Rover brands in
Kenya and acquired one Lexus site in the UK. The Group
has also disposed of its Jaguar Land Rover operations in
Shaoxing and a dealership in the UK generating disposal
proceeds of £13.4m.

In 2017 the Group acquired premium automotive
operations in Estonia, focused on exclusive Distribution
for BMW Group, from United Motors AS and entered into
a Distribution contract with Groupe PSA to distribute the
Peugeot and Citroen brands in Australia. The total cost
of these acquisitions was £19.3m. In addition, the Group
also made a completion payment of £4.4m in relation
to the Subaru and Hino business in South America.

The Group also disposed of its Lexus operations in
Shanghai generating disposal proceeds of £5.6m.

Financing

During the year, the Group has entered into a £120m
bilateral facility with a relationship bank, maturing in
March 2019 with an option to extend for a further

six months, with terms similar to those of the Group's
existing Revolving Credit Facilities (RCF).

Driven by upcoming maturities, in February 2019

we refinanced our core RCF. This has increased our
committed facilities from £620m to £700m at improved
tates which drives a broadly neutral impact to our interest
charge. The facility extends over the period to 2024, with
options to extend to 2026 at the discretion of lenders.

Capital expenditure

During the year, the Group invested £99.3m (2017:
£101.4m) of net capital expenditure in the development
of greenfield sites, the enhancement of existing facilities

RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW

and the continued rollout of the iPower system.

During 2017 the Group invested in greenfield sites

and the enlargement of existing facilities, including the
optimisation of the Jaguar Land Rover footprint in the UK.
We expect net capital expenditure to fall to a more
normalised level of c£75m in 2019.

Cash flow and net funds

The Group delivered free cash flow of £280.7m (2017:
£313.9m). After the acquisition of businesses in the year,
the payment of the final dividend for 2017 and the interi