G)inchcape

ACCELERATING
| TRANSFORMATION AP

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

SCHLEVTING
CHICARE’S
ANSPORMATION

During 2004 ncheops eecsterated tis
{rensiemeliion es he tsecing indspenciant
euiiomnetive Disiisuiior Gletoclly,

<7 Wis wes cehtieved trough the sale of fhe
# WU Refell ousiness end @ second numioer oF
Obidouiten contact wins wih OEM perinas,

Supporied by @ retheshed suctegic
Agocieraion we will cive

further sacle end divenitection acres eur
Gobel business, os we took fo Gsfiver susieinelats
Growl fer our CEM porines end shercheleies,
Gnd exeepiionel expertences fter cur GusioMen,

CAincheeoe Ui

Digital Delivery Center

Ineheape Annual Report and Accounts 2024

FIND OUT MORE

Strategie report Governance

nancial statements eo

Strategic report
2 m2ssnooshot
4 Diking our ambtion

& Chatman’ statemant

8 Group Chief Exocutve' statement

11. Business model

14 Howwe create wove

1 Ove Oppomunty

17 Trends evolving ou'stotegy

18. Ourstategic fomewor

23. Operating ond foncialreview

20 1s

32 ‘Sustonobany

135. Tos fice on ctmote-etoted fanciol diclosxes
51 _Nonnoncil ene sustenabty ntomaton

52. Rek management

Governance

62. Chamon's statement

63, Governance ota gionce

65. Ohsion of responsbies

66 Boot of Diectors

@® Group Execuive teom

71, Bod evatuction

72 Boord octvtes ond dections

77. Stokenokder engagement

78. Nomination Committee report

{81 Audit Committee report

89 Surtonobity Commitee report

91. Director report on remuneration

107 Componce withthe 2018 UK Corporate
Governance Code

111 Diectors report

Financial statements

116 Auaitor report
125 Consolidated income stotement

126 Consolidated statement of comprehensive Income
127 Consolidated statement of financial postion

128 Consolidated statement of changesin equty

130 Consoidated statement of cosn flows

131 Accounting potcies EAD MORE PIB
1142 Notes fo the fnoncial statement

211 Shorehokier information

‘our position as the leading
‘automotive Distributor globally.

Incheape.com

expertise and advanc
‘ond data capabilities, helping to
jeliver sustainable growth.

EAD MORE PLY

SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability is at the centre of our
ype has a
leading role in ensuring a
mobility transition that is inc
and long-lasting. Our 9
create a future where sustai
bility is available for all

EAD MORE P32

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2024

2024 SNAPSHOT

FINANCIAL

£9 .3bn

Revenue
(2023; $9.4bn")

27%

Retum on capital
‘employed
(2023: 27%)

562m

Operating Prof
(2023: £570m")

¢586m

Net cash generated trom
operating activities
(2023: $593m")

Inchcope.com

462m 6.3%

Free cash flow! ‘Adjusted operating margin!
(2023: $492") (2023: 66%)

c444m

Profit before tax and
‘adjusting items!
(2023: $487")

STATUTORY FINANCIAL MEASURES

£414m 435m

Profit before tax Total profi/(loss)
(Continuing operations) forthe period
(2023: £376") (2023: $283m)

|. APM (alternative performance measure), see poge 190.
2, Represented for Uk Retol deposol.

3. Includes the Group Executive Team and its drect reports, see page 69.
44, Reduction ogannst 2019 revised baseline,

‘Strategic report

Govemance

NON-FINANCIAL

2.3%

Battery electic vehicles sold
(2023: 1.0%

37%

Reduction in scope
Vand 2 greenhouse
{gas emissions‘

OUR FINANCIAL METRICS

Meme

Financial statements eo

761

Reputation.com score
(2023: 702)

28%

Women in Senior
Leadership positions?
(2023: 26%")

‘Sm _Us0 ofmotte

Gross Prof

1,606 Direct prof Contiibution from Value
Diivers (e.g. Vehicles and Aftersales)

‘Add back: Adjusting Hems chorgad To gross
prof

‘Adjusted Gross Profit rom continuing
‘operations

Direct profit contiibution from Value
1,606 _ Drivers (6.9. Vehicles ond Aftersales)

Less: Segment operating expenses

1,022)

“Adjusted Operating Prof rom continuing
‘operations

‘584 Operating prof generated by the
Group otter operating expenses

less: Adjusting items in operaing expenses

@

Operating Profit

'562_"Statutory measure of Operating Prof

Less: Net nonce Costs ond JV profisviosies

aay

Profit Before Tax

“414 Siatutory measure of proft offer the
Costs of financing the Group

‘Add: Total adjusting ems

Ey

“Adjusted profit Before tax from continuing
‘operations

ony

Srotegierepor) [Covcnonco MEE nancial siotorer

BIAS SNAPSHOT eommmeD

THE TRANSFORMATION ga

ur UK Retail business paved’ the

-OFINCHCAZ: =~ Ee

INumberfol Distribution|Marke!s)

(2024)

t

rsustonobity forgets ond out

Incheape Annuol Report ond Accounts 2024 Strategic report Govemance Francia! statements e 35

OUR INVESTMENT CASE - DRIVING OUR AMBITION

THE INCHCAPE INVESTMENT CASE
STRATEGIC DRIVERS OF GROWTH: SCALE AND OPTIMISE

Powered by Accelerates, Inchcape is the leading independent globol automotive distibutor with long-term partnershi
‘model ensures resiient margins. healthy free cash flow generation, and delivering high retums. With @ solid financial
Distribution contracts. and executing value-accretive acquisitions. B
Policy, driving value and retums for shareholders,

ips supported by our highly differentiated technology. Our capitatlight
'rofile, we invest in growth by expanding OEM partnerships, securing new
'y Consistently leveraging these growth opportunities, we will continue to deliver a balance and disciplined capital allocation

WITH AN
ATTRACTIVE

THE LEADING GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE (>)

DRIVING SHAREHOLDER VALUE >)
DISTRIBUTOR

FINANCIAL PROFILE

+ Long-term, diversified OEM portfolio + Growth driven by market + Clear dividend policy
outperformance
+ Targeting lower-scale and more + Resilient operating margins + Commitment to on-going

complex markets ’ share buybacks

+ Deep competitive moat + Highly cash generative + Value-accretive acquisitions
through technology
+ Scaled geographic footprint + Capital efficient and high ROCE

Incheape.com

Incheape Annual Report and Accounts 2024 Strategie report Governance

OUR INVESTMENT CASE - DRIVING OUR AMBITION continued

OUR MEDIUM TERM GROWTH AMBITION: 2025 - 2030

A CLEAR GROWTH ROADMAP TO DELIVERING
SHAREHOLDER VALUE, THROUGH-THE-CYCLE

nancial statements e°O

Over the medium term from FY 2025 to
FY 2030, the Group will continue to
deliver value for shareholders. supported
by its growth drivers, resiient margins,
highly cash generative business model
‘and a disciplined approach to copital
allocation. This will enable us to deliver
value and returns for shareholders by
delivering over 10% EPS CAGR

POWERED BY “Accelerate”

KEY VALUE DRIVERS | DRIVING RETURNS (>) DISCIPLINED
AND GROWTH: CAPITAL ALLOCATION:
Market outperformance :
3%-5% organic \
volume CAGR \
\ Dividends
Resilient operating \ A %
“a 2.00N } °
6.6% \
fe . /) of EPS
(S) Free Cash Flow /
Cash generative model / On-going share
©¢.100% FCF:PAT buybacks and
value-accretive
acquisitions
——-—
So ee

Incheape.com

DELIVERING
SHAREHOLDER VALUE:

>10%
EPS CAGR
+ dividends

Underpinned by
consistently high ROCE

25% - 30%

Cea)
fuuowiungyAuog

ud s18p|OYa:0US INO
wa +9}039H8: :
vounquisig 10}
3NO Jo UoHO:BayUI
Ip out Ay
10 am Guunsua e580 He
3d ymor6 anuandi aIG0W } oo
320
2U YM PaUIqUIOD XU JaOW oA eee

uo e10ys jox1ow BuBoVe BIOS WYMOIB
BAUD IMA UOUNQUISID en 0} 2i0us
Pemeuer ut YMO.O 4NORO HO s|ABA/O14s +81010}000¥ AU

OWOISNO HK

yom Wu 1509 Uy UUM

1D wa +9408

“FONDE| SUE 10} PUD MONOUUO
unce = pyar eetOes vie : “608 “AOPOY 104 BEyyUTULWOS
2do01/2u PUD "eniO;oUBB USOS AVON PUD NOH ISOS Lily SRS B,SYOM Sy Joy Aqugow GySuyg

nquisig @n UISNG_ HOF@! WN INO Jo [Os0d
eu Buy 1 BAYOWOINO ]OOIE BUIPE®| au099q
ve0e

sseiBoud 9159)04s joyUD}sqns

SIPIOYAOIS IO 10} ANYON i
‘enyndexe [0
8184p PUD a1q)
‘0} pIOMIO} Bup
uo

‘sieployexpjs pup siepjoyeipys sD9q

squeworosjorououy poder 2/6oj0us

Incheape Annuol Report and Accounts 2024

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT continued

Our continued focus on a sustainable future
Inchcape 's role in sustainability is to support o mobility
transition that is inclusive and long-lasting, while shaping a
future where sustainable mobility is available for everyone.

Accelerates is underpinned by our approach to
‘Sustainobility, ond our sustainability activities are supported.
by three key ambitions:

+ to deliver insights for the benefit of OEMs, consumers,
governments and policymakers to help accelerate the
transition to mote sustoinable mobility, by applying our
global perspective ond our understanding of local markets:

+ fo enable a foster transition to new technologies,
particularly with New Energy Vehicles, by enhancing how
we support OEMs with their transition plans: and

+ to ensure we play our part, by remaining highly
sustainable independent distribution channel for OEMs.

‘More information on our approach and progress on key
Sustainability areas con be found on pages 32 to 34. We will,
{iso be publishing our second Sustainability Report later in
the year

“SUPPORTED BY OUR
DIFFERENTIATED
TECHNOLOGY
CAPABILITIES,
INCHCAPE REMAINS
WELL PLACED FOR
THE FUTURE”

Incheape.com

Strategie report

Board changes during the year

We further strengthened the Boord in 2024, with the
‘oppoin-ment of Alson Platt. Alison joined the Board as a non-
‘executive director in January ond was appointed Senior
Independent Director in May 2024.

Alison trings o wealth of experience across a variety of
industries. including healthcare. insurance and property, os
well os Tiony years experience at a board level. In addition,
her previous membership of the steering group of the
Hompton-Alexonder Review will provide valuable insights on.
inclusion and diversity

‘Also during the yeor. Nigel Stein stood down from the Board.
having been our Chair since 2018 and a member of the
Board since 2015. | would Ike to thank Nigel for his
outstarding leadership of the Board. During this time he built
a diverse board. consisting of directors with a breadth of
knowlesige. skils ond experience from o wide range of
sectors ond industies, ond developed a highly collaborative
‘and inclusive culture.

Jone Kingston, a non-executive director and previous Choir
of the Remuneration Committee, also retired from the Board
ting “he year, having joined the Board in 2018, Byron Grote
becarre Chair of the Remuneration Committee following
Jane's retirement. I would ike fo thank Jane for her
‘commitment and contribution during her tenure,

| would also lke to thank my colleagues on the Boord for their
continued support and valuable input during 2024.

Our high-performance culture is a differentiator
Inchcope’s culture willbe a key enabler of Accelerate+ and
‘we continue to make good progress in building our culture
across the Group. particulary at our recently ocauired
businesses, where local teams continue to implement
omprahensive integration programmes to ensure the
Inchecpe culture is fuly embedded across our regions.

The Board remoins proactive in embracing the Group's
culture ond engaging with the business. Now that the Group
1no longer has UK operations, the Boord is holding two
meetings overse0s providing adattional opportunities for Non-
Executve Directors to engoge futher with the business.
Bringing the Board closer to the business continues to
enhonze the effectiveness of the Boord's oversight of culture.

Governance Financia! stotomonts e727 =

‘An updated capital allocation policy

We have updated our capital ailocation policy, which is
supported by our strong balance sheet, ands focussed on
thee priority areas.

Firstly. our dividend policy isto pay out 40% of adjusted basic
EPS in annual dividend payment to shareholders. Secondly.
‘we are committed to on-going share buybacks. Thirlly. we
will continue to forget value-accretive acquisitions.

Bosed on this policy. and considering the Group's resilient
performance in 2024, the Board recommends that the
‘Company continues to pay a dividend of 40% of cnnual
djusted EPS. This payment would result in on overall
dividend payment of 28.5p. -
In addition, folowing the completion of a £160m shore
‘buyback during the fist quarter of 2025, we announced a
new share buyback programme of £250m in March 2025.
which is expected to complete over the next 11 months.

Inchcape remains well placed for future growth
Driven by our global market leadership postion as an
‘automotive Distibutor. ond supported by our evolved
strategic approach, Inchcope remains well placed for the
future, This was evidenced by our strong performance in
2024, which demonstrated the reslience, scale and
<iversiication of Inchcape’ global business, the qualty of
our Group Executive Team ond the high calibre of our
people around the world.

Looking chead. the Group will continue to delver value for
shoreholders, supported by ils key growth ctivers. reslient
‘margins highly cash generative business model and a
‘disciplined approach to capital allocation. To that end, trom
FY 2028 to FY 2030. the Group expects to generate $2.5 bilion
in fee cash flow. which it wil depioy to deliver shorehokder
volue through >10% EPS CAGR,

Finally, on behalf of the Board. | would lke to thank
Inchcope’s team of around 18,000 colleagues worldwide for
‘thei commitment and hard work in delivering strong results
for Inchcope’s stakeholders. The commitment and
excellence of colleagues in every market give me great
confidence for further growth and future success,

Jerry Buhimann
Chairman

[wos sdoo.2.)

16 JO UOYIqUIO 3NO SDIOM : - . <
1 €1Q0U9 Wn uD001Gd0 9081018 DONONS sud . we ee 5 CREA EEDGmaD
a " ee E fwoijuboung)
ot ae eo 8 8

peppy-snin uo
104016 sno Busuuydo uo sum 12
UBNON 5 SAL ‘sje OUYSHe PUD MOU U

peuBsep vseq sou)

JOINqUISIG @nyowo)NO
10906 onsod s, 2) B0u0UU

01 padojanap us: 3 3) SHeWOISND
puo 10) 1909p am aunsua 04 BuyCh

$0101 4S919)U PUD U
sous

£+04019}999y YIM YoDoiddo:
91601015 penjona uD peyounD| NoA eAcy AYM

‘9 2600
Uo seuyno “UOWIUNg Auer "HOD sno $0 “ADO YOO
1OyCO9 Paundiosip 0 sanyap 0 sn Budiey
ymo16 yuooylUBs Ur 4senU) UOD 2/
SIUL 'SUIN|S! YOIY ZanHEp 04 sn Burdiay *
s09 88) Ayj]O8y PUD sUBIOW jUaHB:
LUOIUm = aiyoxd o1UOUY BuoKs snd

AB9}OUYDE) Pe}O4UE18}"p No Aq PaHoddns

0d W3O IMO Ut 5) re} Bu}

Y8|9010Y9 5) SBUISNG ING ‘s}@XIOW YMos6-YBIY PUD
xajdusoo fen su 2:NQUISIE

~ Ausnpur anyouso4no joqoId
1d JOq016 juapuadapul Bus

guoy!sodoid juowyjsonut
8,edD94oul Jo MaiA@A0 UD @nI6 NOA UDD

sveWOIOI Jo;DUOUN, ‘22u0uon05 oder 2162045

Incheape Annual Repon and Accounts 2024

‘Strategie report

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT continueo

Why is driving market share in your markets so
important for Inchcape?

Delivering on our 10% market share ambition will drive
substantial benefits for Inchcape and our stakeholders. These
benefits include:

+ sustainable growth over time, for Inchcape and our OEMs:

+ scale our business in each market, to leverage our
platform and drive efficiencies:

+ fop line growth, os we work with an expanding range of
brands in o market; ond

+ Increased operating leverage and stronger margins. by
<hiving more brands through our operating cost base.

Furthermore, we have a major opportunity to scale in around
70 markets around the world, within our Total Addressable
Market of 10.8m vehicles, as outlined on page 16.

In the context of Accelerates, what were
Inchcape’s key strategic achievements in 2024 and
how does this position the Group for the future?

We delivered strategic progress in 2024, and with the disposal
of our UK retail business, the Group consolidated its position,
4s the the world's leading automotive Distributor.
Furthermore, and to help further develop our diversified and
scaled footprint, we won 22 new Distribution contracts during
the year, taking our total Distribution contract wins since 2021
to over 40, In 2024, these included two in Australia, in
‘Adjacent Vehicle Categories - Deepal, a Changan brand in
the SUV segment, and Foton, a light commerciol vehicle
‘brand. The pick-up truck segment makes up around 25% of
the total industry volume (IV) in Australia - this represents o
‘mojor new market segment for Incheape,

In addition, we won 14 contracts in the Americas. including
premium motorcycle brand of Harley-Davidson in Chile,
Peugeot in the Caribbean and Great Wall Motors in
‘Colombia, and 6 contracts in Europe & Africa, including Ford
in Estonia and BYD in Ethiopia. in addition. as the Group
scales and grows. we aim to ensure we have an optimal
portfolio of brands which is best suited to our business and
‘ur markets. To that end, we conduct c limited level of
portfolio rationalisation, fo help us optimise our market
presence ond leverage our infrastructure in the most
efficient woy.

Incheape.com

In FY 2024, we mutually agreed to exit 4 immaterial and
ilutive Distbution contracts with certain OEM portners. We
expect this dynamic to continue in future years, as we
‘manage our contract portfolio, to ensure we drive value for
both Inchcape and for our OEM partners.

In summary. given our continued momentum on Distribution
Contract wins, the continued optimisation of our contract
ottfolio, as well as our successful integration of recently
‘completed acquistions ond aheatthy pipeline of bolt-on
‘acquistions, inchcape is well placed to further consolidate our
postion os the world's leading automotive Dstbutor

Can you give an overview of Incheape’s
performance during 2024?

Inchcope delivered resilent operational and financial
performance from continuing operations in 2024, with
fevenue growth of 4%, in constant currency. reflecting the
Underiving strength. scale and diversification of our business.
This delvered adjusted operating profit of £584m, operating
margins of 6.3% and free cash flow conversion of 151%.

(Our performance in 2024 was driven by consistent
operational execution from our teams around the world. who
Continue to impress me with their hard work. enthusiasm and
total commitment fo Inchcape. in their pursuit of delivering
growth for our OEM partners.

Can you discuss Inchcape’s regional performance
in 2024 and how you see these frends developing
in the future?

Our regions continued to evolve at different rates, with a mix
Cf supply ond demand trends, across our 38 markets. which
highlights the benefits of scale ond diversification to

‘our business.

In the Americas, we delivered a robust performance across
the region, including an improved performance in the
second hat.

In APAC, we delivered growth in ine with the market, with,
‘growth from acquisitions and resiient margins.

Financial statements ev =

Europe & Attica produced an excellent performance,,
supported by an order bank unwind in certain markets in
Europe. We achieved record market share in Europe, with 6
Contract wins during the year. Attica. despite cunency
devaluation in Ethiopia, was stable ond revenues were resilient.

Looking ahead, what is inchcape’s role in the
transition to a Now Energy world?

Overall, itis important to say that we remain crive-train
‘agnostic for our OEM partners. whist at the some time
playing okey role in supporting them to transition to new
‘energy vehicles over the long-term.

The move to pure EVs is taking longer than expected. with
hybrid dive trains expected to be relevant for longer than
‘expected. This is postive for Inchcape. given our relationship
with OEMs who have market-leading hybrid product portfolios,

Furthermore, our markets remain underweight on EV. with
different markets requiring different solutions across varying
timescales, so the transition to a New Energy world is likely to
take longer than the transition in more scaled and
developed automotive markets.

In the meantime, cor patcs, which is the total number of
vehicles on the road. Continue to grow across our markets,
and the mojotity of these vehicles continue to be internal
‘combustion engine (ICE). Inchcape wil continue to play a
critical role here, os the distributor of OEM parts in our markets,
further emphasising our drive-train agnostic approach.

“INCHCAPE
DELIVERED A
RESILIENT
OPERATIONAL
AND FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE
IN 2024”

Inchcape Annual Report ond Accounts 2024

Strategie report

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT conrinueo

Can you discuss Inchcape’s M&A track record and
future plans in this area?

We have delivered good momentum on acquisitions in
recent yeors, with seven deals executed and integrated
since 2021. generating approximately £3 ballon in
incremental revenue.

M&A delivers strategic benefits for the Group, os
demonstrated by our acquisition of Derco in 2022. That
transaction has helped to dive our market share across the
‘Americas, ond underpinned our success in winning contracts
with new OEM partners, many of which were previous

Derco relationships,

Looking ahead, we will continue to torget bolt-on
‘cauisitions. in the context of an industry which remains
highly fragmented, with c. 1.000 independent distributors in
‘ourmorkets around the world, We remain disciplined and we
aim to ensure the acquisitions we make are value-occretive.
In addition, our acquisition approach is fully aligned to our
focus on copital-ight Distribution businesses in our morkets.

How has the Group developed its technology
capabilities during 20247

‘ASQ result of our ongoing investment in technology.
Inchcape has developed a market-leading approach in the
use of technology and data to support our OEM partners,
which have transformed the experience we provide to

‘end customers.

We have developed a ‘plug and play’ model with DXP
(igital Experience Platform) and DAP (Data Analytics
Platform) which provide us with insight ond analytics that
helps us to make smarter decisions and provide customers
with on enhanced and more tailored experience, in 2024,
we rolled out DXP and DAP into more markets with more
OEMs. In adaition, we utiised new technologies, lke Artificial
Inteligence (Al) to dhive efficiencies across our business. for
‘example in the development of an Al-bosed forecasting
‘aigotitnm for parts which helps to ensure our OEMs’ parts ore
competitively priced across our Distibution channels

Incneope.com

Can you talk about developments on your
‘approach to sustainability during the year?

‘Our approach to sustainability is fully embedded into
Accelerates. We remain focused on bringing mobilly to the
‘communities in which we operate, to deliver economic
‘benefits and social inclusion in those communities,

As on independent distributor, our role is focused on the
‘global mobility transition delivered locally, based on
elivering insights, enabling new technologies and by
providing the most sustoinable route-to-market, across out
four key pills of People, Planet, Places and Practices,

You can find more details on our Sustainability approach ond
progress in 2024 on pages 32 to 34.

What is your message to Inchcape’s people,
following our performance in 2024?

Inchcape is the world’s leading automotive Distribution
business and we hove grown through organic growth,
significont momentum in new Distribution contracts from our
‘OEM partners and through acquisitions. The strategic
evelopment of our business is o testament to the
professionalism, calibre and dedication of our colleagues
ond ! am very grateful for their continued hard work. energy
‘and commitment during 2024,

| would ots0 like to thank the Group Executive Teom for their
Continued valuable contribution and outstanding leadership.
In odaition, | am grateful to two of our Global Executive Team
members who leff the business during the year - George
Ashford and Mork Dearnley. They both played critical roles in
the growth and development of Inchcape in recent years.
‘ond we wish them all he very best for the future.

Govemonce Financial statements ©

YEAR IN REVIEW

Supported by my GET colleagues
and wider team, this year | had
the opportunity to meet OEMs,

other strategic partners and
colleagues in markets in every
region Inchcape operates in.

How do you see the future for Inchcape?

The future for Inchcape is very exciting, Winning more
Distribution contracts and executing value-accretive bolt-on
‘acquisitions will hep us to reach our 10% morket share
‘ombition over the medium to long-term,

From FY 2025 to FY 2030, the Group expects to generate $2.5
billon in tree cash flow. which we will deploy to dtive >10%
EPS growth. This wil be achieved by delivering on our key
Value divers, through-the-cycle, including organic volume:
Growth of 3% to 5%, resilient margins of c.6%, FCF:PAT
‘Conversion of 100% underpinned by ROCE of 25% to 30%. We
deliver shareholder value through a discipined approach to
capita allocation,

Delivering on this growth algorithm will help us to capitalise
on the differentiated platform we have built, establishing a
stronger. more scoled Inchcape, in more markets with our
‘OEMs generating sustainable. profitable growth ond value
‘over time.

Dunean Tait
Group Chief Executive

10