@ Inchcape
Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Bringing

the best loved
automotive
brands to

the world

Strategic report

2

38

Chairman's welcome
Chief Executive's review
Our business model
How we generate value
Our routes to market
Our value chain
Where we operate
OEM partnerships
Stakeholder engagement
Our strategy
Our investment proposition
Capital Allocation Framework
Key Performance Indicators
Operating and financial review
Corporate social responsibility
Risk management

Govemance

54
56
58
76
98

Chairman’s statement

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report
Directors’ Report on Remuneration
Directors’ Report

Financial statements

104
112
113
114
115
116
17
126
177
178
179
180
181
184

Independent auditor's report to the members of Inchcape pic
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated statement of financial position
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cash flows

Accounting policies

Notes to the financial statements

Alternative performance measures

Five year record

Company statement of financial position
Company statement of changes in equity
Company Accounting policies

Notes to the Company financial statements

Other information

197

Shareholder information

Clarifying our financial metrics
The following table shows the key profit measures that we use throughout this report to most accurately describe
undertying operating performance and how they relate to statutory measures.

Metric Sm__ Use of metric
Direct profit contribution from Value Drivers (e.g. Vehicles and

Gross Profit

1,272.1 Aftersales)

Less: Segment operating expenses (881.8)

Trading Profit

Less: Central Costs (17.2)

Operating Profit (pre-exceptional items)
Less: Exceptional Items 755

Operating Profit

Less: Net Finance Costs and JV profit (46.8)
(inc exceptional items)

Profit before Tax

Add back: Exceptional Items (75.5)

Profit Before Tax & Exceptional Items

Highlights
Revenue

£9.4bn

2018: £9.3bn

Dividend per share’

26.8p

2018: 26.8p

Cash returned to shareholders

£210.5m

2018: £115.2m

Return on capital employed'

22%

2018: 22%?

1. APM (aterative performance measures) page 177
2. 28% in 2018, pre4FRS16 restatement

VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
AND INTERACTIVE FEATURES INCHCAPE.COM

Cover image: Roza Amberber Teshome,
Junior Auto Technician It

390.3 Underlying profit generated by our segments
373.1 Underlying profit generated by the Group.

448.6 Statutory measure of Operating Profit

401.8 Statutory measure of profit after the costs of financing the Group

326.3 One of the Group's KPIs

As an independent, multi-brand
automotive distributor and retailer,
we bring the best loved brands to
customers throughout the world.

We bring this to life through a
combination of long-standing
partner relationships, a growing
global footprint, a unique business
model and a long-term strategy.

WOd3d D1OALVaLS

2
g
z
fe
2
3
3
4
a

Image
removed

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019 ’

2

Chairman‘s welcome

Strategic progress made amidst
short-term challenges

Nigel Stein
Chairman

Dear Shareholders,

Image
removed

lam pleased to report on a year of significant strategic
progress that saw the business further refocused around
its core Distribution activities. We entered a number of new
markets, realised significant value through the disposal of
non-core assets and have announced a share buyback
programme, returning £150m to shareholders.

Performance

The overall trading result for the year was in

line with expectations and refiected a resilient
underlying performance despite weaker markets
and some unexpected challenges, including the

impact of political unrest in Hong Kong and Chile.

This resilience is, in part, reflective of our exposure
to a broad spread of markets and to the
Distribution business model which now accounts
for some 91% of Group profit.

Automotive markets generally remain
challenging. Firm actions to improve efficiency
and performance were undertaken during 2019,
and will continue into 2020, to ensure the Group
optimises its cost base both for the current and
future years. This will place Inchcape in a strong
position for all its stakeholders when markets.
stabilise or recover.

Future trends and strategy

The Board continues to closely monitor the
adoption and impact of several disruptive
trends taking place in the industry, including
the electrification of drivetrains, connected cars,
shared ownership models and autonomous,
“self- driving” vehicles.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Electrification of the drivetrain is the most
advanced of these, driven by regulation in many
markets. We believe Inchcape'’s partnerships with
some of the most technically advanced global
car manufacturers position us well for this more
electrified world.

The increasing use of digital platforms for
customers to choose and buy their cars online
is another trend taking rapid hold in the industry.
We are aligned with this development and are
investing significantly in a class-leading end-to-
end digital offering.

The Ignite strategy continued to be at the heart

of the Group's activities. As well as successfully
Positioning the business to leverage the Group's
competitive advantages, it has further embedded
relationships with our OEM partners. Ignite is

also driving everyday efficiency. Our focus, for
example, on delivering the full potential on all

our revenue streams saw good growth across

our Aftersales and Finance & Insurance activities.

Our Ignite strategy plays a key role in ensuring
that Inchcape remains a sustainable business
in the long term.

Board

We welcomed Gijsbert de Zoeten to the Board
as Chief Financial Officer, with effect from 1
September 2019, in succession to Richard
Howes. Gijsbert was, until 2018, CFO at
LeasePlan Corporation NV, an international fleet
management and mobility services company
with a turnover of €9bn and a 1.7m strong

car fleet, so brings excellent knowledge of our
industry. Previously, Gijsbert had a successful 27-
year career at Unilever plc where he held a range
of senior financial and operational positions.

Nigel Northridge and Coline McConville both
stepped down as Non-Executive Directors during
the year. Nigel served on the Board for over nine
years and provided invaluable support to me in
his role as Senior Independent Director. Coline led
‘our last remuneration policy review in 2017 in her
role as Remuneration Committee Chair which
was well received by shareholders.

| would like to thank Nigel, Coline and Richard for
their contributions to the Group.

lam pleased that Jerry Buhimann accepted

the position as Senior Independent Director and
Jane Kingston assumed the role of Remuneration
Committee Chair and is leading the current
remuneration policy review. This will be put to
shareholders for approval at the forthcoming
2020 AGM.

The Committee spent significant time considering
all aspects of the policy and had detailed
consultations with shareholders to ensure that

it aligns with both shareholders’ latest thinking on
remuneration and the continuing incentivisation
and retention of Executives. | am grateful to

Jane for the considerable work this policy

review entailed.

in February 2020, Alex Jensen joined the Board as
a Non-Executive Director. Alex's experience at BP,
where she is Chief Marketing Officer. Global Retail
and Senior Vice President, European Retail, will
bring very relevant experience to the Board and
we are delighted fo have her as a Director.

Also in February, we accepted with regret the
resignation of our Group CEO, Stefan Bomhard
who will become CEO of the FISE100 company
Imperial Brands pic. Stefan has done an
excellent job in his near five years at Inchcape
and | thank him for his significant contribution to
Inchcape’s success.

The Board has enacted a succession
process to choose Stefan's replacement
and an announcement will be made at the
appropriate time.

Returning to shareholders

The Board is recommending a final ordinary
dividend of 17.9p per ordinary share (2018: 17.9p)
which, if approved at the forthcoming Annual
General Meeting, will give a total dividend for the
year of 26.8p per ordinary share (2018: 26.8p).
The dividend will be paid on 19 June 2020 to all
shareholders on the register of members on 15
May 2020. A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) is
available to Ordinary shareholders and the final
date for receipt of elections to participate in the
DRIP is 29 May 2020.

We have a disciplined approach to capital

and cash allocation and in 2019 we completed
a buyback of £100m, ensuring that we have
continued with our policy of returning surplus
cash to you, our shareholders. | am also pleased
to announce a share buyback of £150m to be
completed over the next 12 months.

People

Inchcape is a truly international business with
over 17,300 people across 33 countries. The
success of the business is down to everyone who
works at Inchcape and, on behalf of the Board, |
would like to thank alll of them for their efforts and
commitment over the last year.

Statement on section 172

As a Board, we are mindful of the need to create value and
deliver benefit to all stakeholders. In considering our purpose
together with our strategic vision and commercial priorities,

we balance outcomes for our OEM brand partners, customers,

employees and the impact on focal communities and the

environment, as well as delivering long-term sustainable growth

for our shareholders.

Section 172 states that:

A director of a company must act in the way he/she considers,
in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of
the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in
doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

a.the likely consequences of any decision in the long term

b. the interests of the company’s employees

c. the need to foster the company’s business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others

d.the impact of the company’s operations on the community

‘and the environment
e. the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation
for high standards of business conduct, and
f. the need to act fairly as between members of the
company
The factors listed in the $172 statement are integral to most
Of the significant decisions taken by the Board. The Board is
satisfied that the information provided by management, and
other stakeholders, via reporting, performance updates and
key performance measures is of sufficient quality to allow the

Board to have due regard for each of the factors. Throughout

this report we have given examples of how the Board has

demonstrated its regard for the factors above during the year.

PLEASE REFER TO PAGE 61 FOR CASE STUDIES PERTAINING TO SECTION 172, TO
PAGE 16 FOR OUR APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT, AND TO THE
GOVERNANCE SECTION ON PAGE 60 FOR THE BOARD'S ENGAGEMENT WITH
‘STAKEHOLDERS.

Looking ahead

We see our markets remaining challenging, with
coronavirus restricting activity with a consequent
impact on trading. However, in the longer term.
‘we remain excited about the Group’s prospects
and continue to focus on further strengthening
‘our position in the automotive value chain. We
are confident of further strategic progress and
underlying operational improvement in 2020,
maintaining Inchcape's position as the world's
leading independent multitbrand automotive
distributor with global scale.

Signature
removed

Nigel Stein

Chairman

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019

moda DIO9aLVULS

3ONVNUIAOD

‘SIN3WALVIS TVIONWNId

3

4

Chief Executive's review

Underlying strength delivering
long-term value

Stefan Bomhard
Chief Executive

Image
removed

Whilst we continued to experience a range of short-term
headwinds and market fluctuations, the story of 2019
was really about the actions taken to position the business

for growth.

‘A FULL REVIEW OF
HOW OUR MARKETS
PERFORMED IN 2018
CAN BE FOUND ON
PAGES 20:26 IN THE
OPERATING REVIEW.

1. Denotes otemative
performance

measure,
see note 177

Itis my pleasure to present this review of 2019, a
year in which we continued to deliver significant
Progress towards achieving our strategic
objective of transforming the Group around our
proven Distribution model.

We entered two brand new markets as a
distributor for Daimler and extended our
representation with them into a third in January
2020. This represents an exciting development in
our platform strategy with a core OEM partner in
the high growth potential LatAm region. We sold
several sites across Australia, China and the UK
that were outside our core focus on Distribution
activities, realising value of around £250m. We
also maintained focus on our policy of efficient
allocation of capital with the completion of a
£100m share buyback in the year.

Overall, the actions taken during the year, in line
with our Ignite strategy. have further reinforced
the trajectory of the Group, positioning it for
sustainable growth over the longer term.

Aresilient performance

Group revenue was £9.4bn (2018: £9.3bn)
including £5.0bn in our Distribution business.
Group Profit Before Tax (pre exceptionals) was
£326.3m (2018: £350.6m) with Distribution now
accounting for 91% of profits.

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Whilst the trading environment was challenging
across a number of markets, our 2019 results
were in line with the expectations we set at the
beginning of the year. once again demonstrating
the resilience of our Distribution model.

Against the impact of disruption in the Hong Kong
and Chilean markets and the ongoing AUD/JPY
headwind, we saw a normalisation of the Subaru
supply in Australasia, which impacted the first half
of the year, and improved currency availability

in Ethiopia.

With a stronger underlying H2 over H1
performance, we delivered flat pre-exceptional
profit year-on-year, excluding the AUD/JPY
headwind. With the AUD/JPY a drag to profit, we
delivered Distribution trading profit of £354.2m
(2018: £382.8m).

Whilst we expect a number of headwinds to
continue into 2020, we remain focused on our
Ignite initiatives which will support our medium-
term growth aspirations as our Distribution
activities drive the performance of the Group.

A unique and sustainable business model
Inchcape has a unique business model; we are
the only independent automotive Distributor
and Retailer with global scale. Our underlying
organisational strength is the foundation of
Inchcape’s resilience to the effect of cyclical
changes in the automotive industry.

The heart of our business, and our core set of
competencies, is in automotive Distribution, that
is the management of the post-factory value
chain for our vehicle manufacturer or ‘OEM’
(original equipment manufacturer) partners. The
Distribution model allows us to capture a greater
Portion of the value chain and drive higher
margins and returns. We have long-standing
strategic Distribution partnerships, providing
end-to-end routes to market for some of the
world’s leading and most recognisable vehicle
manufacturers; our portfolio of these brands

is diverse and includes premium, volume and
commercial OEMs, which gives us a balanced
segmental representation across our operations.

Within that value chain we also operate as a
Retailer, giving us true insight into our customers
and allowing us to develop world-class customer
experience solutions that are globally scalable.
In fact, through the fultspectrum Distribution
value chain Inchcape manages business
partner and customer touchpoints from vehicle
product planning right through to servicing
customers’ cars.

The diversity of our global portfolio of 33 markets
and over 30 OEM partners provides a high level
of defence against the fluctuating volatility of
the automotive industry, and this organisational
strength is enhanced by the Ignite strategy.

Ignite-driven portfolio development
Our Ignite strategy is the enabler that drives our
inorganic growth objective.

Over the year, we made significant strategic
progress on our transformation journey by
further optimising our portfolio through selective
Retail disposals. This reflects our strategy to focus
‘on businesses that support global Distribution
activities and on the optimal deployment

of capital.

In the UK, our actions have been centred on
optimising our portfolio of Retail sites where

we were less able to leverage costs efficiently
through a local scale presence. Consequently,
we disposed of several Retail centres as well

as Inchcape Fleet Solutions (IFS). In the case

of IFS, we were able to agree the sale with the
European arm of our core OEM partner, Toyota,
supporting their ambition to become a leader

in the mobility space. Fleet capability remains of
importance to Inchcape as we seek to develop
the revenue streams of the future, however we
see the major opportunity for Inchcape where we
contol the end-to-end value chain in Distribution
markets such as in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Additionally, we disposed of our remaining

Retail sites in China and the majority of our non-
Subaru Retail businesses in Australia, significantly
reducing our exposure where we were less able
to leverage a scale Retail position.

It is important to note that divesting of Retail sites
in any territory does not necessarily mean that
we are exiting that market. Indeed, in Australia,
we see a market with an exciting future where
we can, through optimally deploying our capital,
reconfigure our activities there around our
Distribution model. We remain excited around the
prospects for our Subaru and Peugeot Citroen
Distribution contracts and have reconfigured

our operations in the market, creating a more
efficient and focused business unit.

During the year we were awarded new BMW
Distribution businesses in Lithuania and Kenya,
consolidating our position with BMW in the Baltics
alongside our operations in Estonia and Latvia.
We were also pleased to pioneer our partnership
with BMW in East Africa, where again we see
significant growth potential springing from the
platform we have created.

Continuing on the path to develop our core
higher-margin, capitaHight Distribution business,
the Group reinvested some of the proceeds
realised through disposals into the acquisition
of Autolider, a distributor of Daimler brands,

in Uruguay and Ecuador. Subsequently, we
have also been awarded the Mercedes-Benz
passenger vehicles Distribution contract for
Colombia. These acquisitions typify our strategic
rationale and approach.

These Daimler acquisitions were a key milestone
for Inchcape and for our OEM partner of

choice strategy. They saw Inchcape enter new
geographies and, more importantly, extended
our partnership with a core OEM partner. Until
this year, our relationship with Daimler has been
focused on the Mercedes-Benz Retail business in
the UK, and it is partly due to the strength of that
Partnership that we have been able to secure
these first Distribution contracts with the OEM.

This expansion represented Inchcape’s 11th and
12th Distribution business win since 2016, and we
have grown from two to eight markets in South
‘and Central America during that time. As we
increase our presence across LatAm and add
further OEM relationships to an already strong
and balanced portfolio, we have an exciting
opportunity to generate significant economies
of scale, translating a series of acquisitions into a
regional platform for growth.

We have an attractive pipeline of growth
opportunities which meet our strict criteria and will
accelerate the development of major regional
presences across key growth markets.

Ignite-driven business optimisation

Ignite is also the powertrain to maximise our
potential for efficiency to share best practice
across the Group, and to optimise our existing
business and core capabilities.

Of particular note, we saw further progress

in our next generation customer experience,
significant procurement savings, Aftersales gross
profit outperformance and Finance & Insurance
profit growth.

We believe that the key to our long-term success
lies both in providing end-to-end routes to market
for our OEM partners and in owning the life-
cycle customer journey, ensuring that we build
the capability to answer our key stakeholders’
needs, now and for the future. We have made
great headway on the Ignite ‘lead on customer
experience’ objective. for example with the

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Group revenue

£9.4bn

Group profit
before tax and
exceptional
items

£326.3m

Completion of
share buyback

£100m

Plus announcement of
5150m share buyback to
toke place in 2020

3
5
fa
oO
FA
8
ce}
a

3ONVNUIAOS

‘SINSINALVIS TVIONVNIS

Chief Executive's review continued

omni-channel platform in Subaru Melbourne which is where
we are developing and implementing our future model of how
we interact with our customers, before deploying it to other
markets.

To maximise the potential across all our revenue streams, we
have invested in a range of new and innovative initiatives. We
plan to extend our trial with Grab, the leading shared mobility
services provider in South East Asia, with technology-based
solutions for quick turnaround servicing and parts provision,
and we continued to partner with Easymile on the autonomous
transport trial at the National University of Singapore. Whilst this
is not an immediate driver of profits, it is important that we build
the internal capabilities to future-proof the business in the face
of rapid developments across the automotive industry. We

are therefore investing in areas, and seeking out partnerships,
where we see profit and growth potential in the future.

Aftersales, Parts Distribution and Used car sales provide further
defence against the effects of cyclicality in the New car market
especially in markets where we control more of the value
chain ourselves, as in Ethiopia where Aftersales is a key driver.
Examples of success here include Russia, where a strong
performance in Aftersales, Used and F&I offset the impact

of competitor discounting activities; and in the UK, where
progress in Aftersales was a contributing factor in stabilising
performance. Within Distribution we turned Costa Rica's used
operation to profitability in our first year of operation and saw
improved parts and accessories sales processes support
Australasia Aftersales.

Additionally, we have achieved our £30m target in Finance &
Insurance products, two years after the target was announced,
helped by continued expansion of vehicle car products, as
well as the implementation of finance retention products in
several markets.

We have also achieved our procurement savings target

of £50m cumulatively, demonstrating a key Ignite focus of
leveraging our scale optimally. We have achieved these
savings since 2016 and over 2019 some key milestones include
50% of our global spend being tracked through our global
procurement system, with 85% targeted by the end of 2020.
More than 20% of 2019's savings were achieved through
improved vehicle logistics and storage spending, and we were
able to establish a global view of oil spend which has enabled
30% reduction in LatAm spend on oil in 2019, with Asia's oil
spend to be aggregated in 2020.

Investment proposition

Inchcape is well placed to deliver attractive shareholder
value both in-year and for the long term through structured
eamings growth and cash retums.

Whilst we continued to see a number of anticipated challenges
during the year. | absolutely believe that the business will
continue its track record of delivering shareholder value.

The development of our Distribution activities is core to our

Inchcape Annual Report and Accounts 2019

investment proposition. This is underpinned by our focus on
ensuring that we are deploying our capital effectively towards
both existing and new opportunities. Through Inchcape’s
weighting to markets with greater structural opportunity, our
focus on optimising performance, our consolidation activity
and our solid cash generation have positioned the business
strongly for the future.

We have a disciplined capital allocation policy targeting an
optimal allocation of funds to enable both the continued
development of the business and the returns we can deliver to
our shareholders.

In line with this policy, given the strength of our cash generation
and strong balance sheet, we embarked on our £100m share
buyback programme, which was successfully completed by
the end of 2019. We have also announced a new buyback to
return £150m of cash to shareholders over the next 12 months.
Inclusive of this buyback, since 2016 we have paid around
£500m in dividends, invested around £550m in acquisitions, and
distributed around £400m of excess cash through buybacks.

Looking ahead

While 2020 is expected to be challenging, a continued focus on
improving operations for the medium term and enhancing the
global footprint through the Ignite strategy, along with ongoing
cost controls, will ensure further meaningful strategic progress.

lam confident that when markets improve we will see
Inchcape delivering on its real potential for sustainable
profitable growth.

This is my last statement as Group CEO. It has been a privilege
to lead such a high-quality organisation as Inchcape in this
exciting and dynamic sector. | would like to offer my sincere
thanks to the many industryeading vehicle manufacturer
brands with whom Inchcape has built strong partnerships
based on Trust, the central tenet of the Ignite strategy.

| would like to thank the Board for its support and advice
during my tenure, and to acknowledge my Group Executive
colleagues whose talent, experience and capability contribute
so much to the underlying strength of this business. | would also
like to thank all of our employees throughout the Group whose
dedication and expertise are what has made Inchcape so
successful in the past and | am fully confident will continue fo
do so for the long term. | wish everyone at Inchcape all the best
for the future.

Signature
removed

‘Stefan Bomhard
Chief Executive Officer

Distribution, our core capability

Inchcape plays a critical role in the
value chain as a ‘route to market’

We provide full-spectrum Distribution capability
for our OEM partners, operating throughout the
value chain.

Acting as custodians of some of the world’s most recognisable
brands, we provide automotive manufacturers with a highly
effective route to market and a vital link between the brand
and the customer. In many of our markets, this means that
Inchcape is the only direct interface between the customer
and the manufacturer and so our understanding of both our
partners’ brand equity and the local market are paramount.

Advances in technology and its effect on consumer
behaviours are redefining the automotive value
chain and the role of the distributor as a ‘route to
market for our OEM partners.

Our customers’ experience in other, more digitally advanced
consumer industries has exposed a relative lack of
development in the automotive route to market, presenting
opportunities for incumbents as well as new entrants. We are
seeing trends that have disrupted other markets emerging
which may challenge the role that traditional dealers play in
the value chain: new specialist market entrants who focus on
specific ‘pain-points’ within the existing experience; OEMs re-
examining their route to market, the role of the dealer network,
and direct access to their customers; and aggregators that
come between the traditional dealer-customer relationship.

Given our role as both Distributor and Retailer in many markets,
we are ideally placed to redesign how we serve both our
customers and our OEM partners’ need to create a more
efficient and effective route to market. In other words, we can
have a disruptive influence on existing routes to market, to the
mutual benefit of our key stakeholders.

Image
removed

Our Ignite strategy is enabling this transformation.
Our M&