Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 17 September 2026 Date for next “In the Driving Seat" webinar Inchcape plc, the leading global automotive distributor, will hold the next investor and analyst webinar in its 'In the Driving Seat' series on Thursday 19 November 2026, starting at 2.00pm UK time and concluding at 4.00pm UK time. The webinar will focus on Inchcape’s growth profile, covering the Group’s distribution contract portfolio, M&A track record and Value-Added Services capabilities. Access details for the webinar will be available nearer the time. A recording and transcript of the session will be published on the Group’s website, following conclusion of the webinar. Contacts Inchcape plc (investor enquiries): Rob Gurner +44 (0)7825 189 088 investors@inchcape.com Krishma Arora FTI Consulting (media enquiries): Richard Mountain +44 (0)20 3272 1340 fti_inchcape@fticonsulting.com Ben Fletcher About Inchcape Inchcape is the leading global automotive distributor, with operations across six continents. Inchcape works with our mobility company partners in smaller, more complex and harder-to-reach markets, which tend to be higher growth with low motorisation rates. By combining our in-market expertise with our unique technology and advanced data analytics, we create innovative customer experiences that deliver outstanding performance for our partners – building stronger automotive brands and creating sustainable growth. Our distribution platform connects the products of mobility company partners with customers, and our responsibilities span product planning and pricing, import and logistics, brand and marketing to operating digital sales, managing physical sales and aftermarket service channels. Our ambition is to deliver for our partners, our customers and our people – so they can realise their ambitions in the new world of mobility. The Group is headquartered in London and employs over 16,000 people globally. www.inchcape.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 9 minutes ago Playtech 15 minutes ago Watches of Switzerland Group 44 minutes ago North Atlantic Smaller Companies Inv Trust 47 minutes ago Forterra All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and