BETA Close X Adrian Lewis, Group Chief Financial Officer of Inchcape plc, has notified the company of transactions involving ordinary shares. On April 9, 2026, Lewis exercised 822 dividend shares accrued from the 2022 Inchcape Performance Share Plan at a price of £0.00 outside a trading venue. Subsequently, he sold 398 of these shares on the London Stock Exchange for £7.887248 each, totaling £3,139.12, to cover tax and associated costs. Disclaimer* Inchcape PLC 10 April 2026 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Adrian Lewis 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR - Group Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Inchcape plc b) LEI 213800RGEH1MPPNM2T57 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10 pence GB00B61TVQ02 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of dividend shares accrued from the 2022 Inchcape Performance Share Plan (Dividend Shares) c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.00 822 d) Aggregated information - Volume - Price 822 £0.00 e) Date of the transaction 9 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10 pence GB00B61TVQ02 b) Nature of the transaction Partial sale of Dividend Shares following exercise to cover tax and associated costs c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £7.887248 398 d) Aggregated information - Volume - Price - Total 398 £7.887248 £3,139.12 e) Date of the transaction 9 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Inchcape (INCH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 hours ago CloudCoco Group 9 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 9 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 9 hours ago Inchcape 10 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and