BETA Close X Breedon Group plc has announced the allotment and issuance of 33,839 ordinary shares of £0.01 each under its 2020 5-year Savings Related Share Option Scheme. These shares were previously admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market in June 2023. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 11 February 2026 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 11 February 2026 BREEDON GROUP plc (Breedon or the Company) Issue of Shares Breedon announces that 33,839 ordinary shares of £0.01 each (ISIN: GB00BM8NFJ84) have been allotted and issued today in connection with the Company's 2020 5-year Savings Related Share Option Scheme. These shares have been previously admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange under an existing block admission to trading in June 2023. - ends - Enquiries: Breedon Group plc www.breedongroup.com James Atherton-Ham, Company Secretary +44 (0)1332 694010 MHP (Public Relations Adviser) +44 (0) 7508 012457 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and