BETA Close X Breedon Group PLC announced on August 29, 2025, an update regarding its total voting rights. The company's issued share capital consists of 346,531,291 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of £0.01. None of these ordinary shares are held in treasury. Therefore, the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights is also 346,531,291. This figure can be used by shareholders to calculate their interest in the company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 29 August 2025 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 29 August 2025 BREEDON GROUP plc (Breedon or the Company) Total Voting Rights In accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ( DGTR ) of the Financial Conduct Authority, the Company announces the following: As at the date of this announcement, the Company's issued share capital consists of 346,531,291 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company ( Ordinary Shares ), of which none are held in treasury. Therefore the total number of Ordinary Shares with voting rights is 346,531,291, which may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's DGTR. - ends - Enquiries: Breedon Group plc www.breedongroup.com Susan Bolton, Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0)1332 694010 MHP (Public Relations Adviser) +44 (0)7770 753 544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 6 minutes ago GSK 21 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 21 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and