BETA Close X Breedon Group PLC announced that a recent survey of 102 MPs revealed strong cross-party support for domestic cement production and Breedon's policy asks, with around three-quarters agreeing with the arguments for British cement. While most MPs are aware of the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) and nearly two-thirds believe the government should level the playing field for domestic producers, awareness of the challenges facing the UK cement industry and the CBAM's January 2027 implementation date remains low. Only one in eight MPs are confident in the UK's construction ambitions if domestic cement production continues to decline. Breedon plans to increase engagement with political parties to advocate for a sustainable domestic cement industry. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 03 September 2026 3 September 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC MPs Back British Cement MPs strongly back the case for British cement and Breedon's key immediate policy ask for a workable CBAM Members of Parliament have backed Breedon's policy asks for Government to provide greater support for UK domestic cement production, with new research of a representative sample of MP's views of the British Cement industry showing strong cross-party support. The findings come as Breedon continues its "Back British Cement" campaign, that aims to ensure a sustainable future for domestic cement manufacturing and the delivery of vital construction, housing and infrastructure projects. The recent research was commissioned on behalf of Breedon Group as part of its Back British Cement campaign, and was conducted by Yonder Consulting, among 102 MPs from all parties. The results of the research found that most MPs back Breedon's policy asks and the economic case for British cement, although many MPs still lack awareness of the significant challenges facing the British cement industry. The principal findings of the research were: · Backing British Cement - around three-quarters of all MPs agree with the arguments relating to Breedon's overall policy asks​, whilst the economic arguments outpolled that relating to prioritising reducing carbon omissions · Low awareness of the challenges facing British cement - only around a third of MPs claim to be aware of the challenges facing UK cement · Low confidence in delivering the UK's construction ambitions - only one in eight MPs are confident that the UK can deliver its major construction and infrastructure ambitions if domestic cement production continues to decline at the current rate · Aware of CBAM, but less so its timing - although most MPs are aware of CBAM, less than two-in-five are aware that its introduction is due to come into effect in January 2027​ · Levelling the playing field is a no brainer - nearly two-thirds of MPs agree the government should address the imbalance between the costs borne by domestic as compared to overseas cement producers​ Following these findings, Breedon will continue to ramp up its engagement with Government and opposition parties to highlight the importance of a strong and sustainable domestic cement industry to deliver the UK's economic growth, construction ambitions and transition to a lower-carbon economy. For the full survey findings, and more information on the Back British Cement campaign, go to: Back British Cement - Breedon Rob Wood, Chief Executive of Breedon said: "We thank MPs for sending a strong message of support for our Back British Cement campaign. Domestically produced cement is fundamental to the UK's ability to build the homes and infrastructure we need, while supporting skilled jobs, regional economies and robust supply chains. "Our research shows there is strong support among MPs for maintaining domestic production and ensuring UK producers can compete on a level playing field with a workable CBAM. "Breedon believes that backing British cement is fundamental to delivering the Government's ambitions for reindustrialisation and growth in every postcode, and we therefore ask again for the Government's unequivocal backing in deeds, not just words, of this foundation industry." Enquiries MHP (Public relations and public affairs adviser to Breedon) +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com Photographs available. About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.7bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with a long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants manufacture a product which is key to delivering infrastructure and housing, and are actively engaged in carbon reduction practices. The Group's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group executes its 'Expand' and 'Improve' strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Ondo Insurtech 55 minutes ago Ondo Insurtech 1 hour ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 hour ago Savannah Energy 2 hours ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and