BETA Close X Breedon Group PLC is urging the UK government for urgent action and clarity regarding the upcoming UK Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM), set to be implemented on January 1, 2027. As a major domestic cement manufacturer, Breedon highlights concerns that the current proposals may not adequately address the electricity cost gap faced by UK producers compared to international competitors, and calls for early visibility on CBAM rates and default values to prevent higher-carbon imports from gaining an unfair advantage. The company also emphasizes the need for strong monitoring and enforcement from the outset to ensure the CBAM effectively supports British jobs, national security, and the UK's decarbonisation goals. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 07 April 2026 7 th April 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC UK CBAM: Breedon calls for urgent action to level the playing field for UK cement "Backing British Cement" Breedon Group, ('Breedon' or 'the Group'), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, today calls for urgent action to ensure a fair and effective outcome for domestic cement producers ahead of the introduction of the UK CBAM on 1 January 2027 (and in response to HMRC's technical consultation on draft regulations for the UK's Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM)). As a leading provider of cement in Great Britain and the largest British-based domestic manufacturer, the FTSE250 listed Group has campaigned alongside the Mineral Products Association (the trade association for mineral products, including cement) to raise the profile of this foundation industry and advocate for its key role in our national security and economic prosperity, supporting British jobs, supply chains and decarbonisation. Within its response, Breedon highlighted five priority asks for further action: 1. Early visibility and industry engagement on how the CBAM rate will work in practice Breedon calls for publication of CBAM rates and default values as early as practicable in 2026, including early visibility on cement-specific methodology development, supported by non-binding guidance. 2. Closing the electricity cost gap facing UK producers Breedon asks for the cement industry to be part of the current and future EII (Energy Intensive Industry) compensation scheme to address the higher electricity costs faced by UK cement producers, when compared to non-UK producers, which are not addressed by the CBAM. 3. Ensuring default emissions values do not favour high-carbon imports Breedon cautions that poorly calibrated "default values" could allow higher-carbon imports to underpay for their emissions. 4. Preventing under-reporting and mislabelling of imported cement Breedon urges the Government to strengthen product classification, verification and enforcement to ensure imports are accurately assessed and do not gain an unfair advantage over UK production. 5. Strong monitoring and enforcement from day one to ensure CBAM works as intended Breedon calls for real-time monitoring of import trends and clear contingency measures if carbon-intensive imports increase as well as the need for robust enforcement of registration thresholds. Rob Wood, Chief Executive of Breedon said: "Breedon welcomes the introduction of a UK CBAM as a critical step in addressing carbon leakage and ensuring UK manufacturers are not undercut by higher-carbon imports. However, key elements of the UK CBAM scheme remain unclear just months ahead of planned implementation in January 2027, risking continued pressure on UK cement production and the Government's ambitions to deliver 1.5 million new homes, whilst jeopardising investment in low-carbon technologies to meet the UK's net zero ambitions. " A robust Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism is therefore a vital element in securing domestic production in an increasingly insecure world whilst protecting British jobs and delivering economic growth." Enquiries MHP (Public relations and public affairs adviser to Breedon) +44 (0) 7831 406117 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.5bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services, including specialty materials, surfacing and highway maintenance operations, to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants are actively engaged in a number of carbon reduction practices, which include utilising alternative raw materials and lower carbon fuels. Breedon's 4,800 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group continues to execute its strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders, delivering growth through organic improvement and acquisition in the heavyside construction materials market. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 7 minutes ago GSK 22 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 22 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and