Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 07 October 2026 7 October 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Investor site visit Breedon Group plc (“Breedon” or the “Group”), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, is today hosting a site visit for investors and analysts to its Hope Cement Works and Dowlow Quarry in Derbyshire. Hosted by Rob Wood, CEO, and James Brotherton, CFO, the day will provide a snapshot of Breedon’s vertically-integrated model in operation, alongside the opportunity to meet Breedon’s senior GB management team. The presentation will be available under the investor relations section of the Breedon website: https://www.breedongroup.com/investors No new material trading information will be disclosed. ENQUIRIES Breedon Group plc +44 (0) 1332 694000 Rob Wood, Chief Executive Officer James Brotherton, Chief Financial Officer Anthony Thorpe, Director of Corporate Development & Investor Relations +44 (0) 7935 503649 MHP (Public Relations adviser) +44 (0) 7801 894577 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Ally Bayne breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.7bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with a long reserve life, supplying value added products and services to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants manufacture a product which is key to delivering infrastructure and housing and are actively engaged in carbon reduction practices. The Group's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group executes its 'Expand and Improve' strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Old Mutual Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Delta Gold Technologies plc 1 hour ago Ten Lifestyle Group 1 hour ago IG Design Group 14 hours ago On The Beach Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and