BETA Close X Breedon Group plc has appointed Barclays Bank PLC as a Joint Corporate Broker, effective immediately, to work alongside existing broker Deutsche Numis. This announcement does not include any specific financial figures but signifies a strategic move to enhance the company's investor relations and market communication. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 10 November 2025 10 November 2025 BREEDON GROUP PLC Appointment of Joint Corporate Broker Breedon Group plc, is today announcing the appointment of Barclays Bank PLC as Joint Corporate Broker, to work alongside Deutsche Numis, with immediate effect. Enquiries Breedon Group plc Louise Turner-Smith, Head of Investor Relations Barclays Bank PLC (Joint Broker) Tom Johnson, Neal West, Yuri Shakhmin, Eoin Healy Deutsche Numis (Joint Broker) Simon Hollingsworth, Oliver Hardy, Howard Seymour, George Pierson +44 (0) 7860 911909 +44 (0) 2076 232323 +44 (0) 2075 458000 MHP (Public relations adviser) +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.5bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services, including specialty materials, surfacing and highway maintenance operations, to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants are actively engaged in a number of carbon reduction practices, which include utilising alternative raw materials and lower carbon fuels. Breedon's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group continues to execute its strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders, delivering growth through organic improvement and acquisition in the heavyside construction materials market. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 7 minutes ago GSK 22 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 22 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and