BETA Close X Breedon Group plc has released its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, along with the notice for its 2026 Annual General Meeting, both formatted in XHTML with Inline XBRL markup. These documents are now available on the company's website and have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority's Electronic Submission Service, with the full unedited text of regulated information contained within the Annual Report. The AGM is scheduled for Wednesday, April 29, 2026, at 2:00 PM. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 23 March 2026 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 23 March 2026 Breedon Group plc 2025 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) Breedon Group plc confirms that it has issued to its shareholders its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts ( Annual Report ) and the notice of its 2026 AGM ( Notice of AGM ). The Annual Report has been prepared using the XHTML format with Inline XBRL mark up, as specified in DTR 4.1. The Annual Report and Notice of AGM are now available on the Company's website at www.breedongroup.com/investors . The Annual Report and Notice of AGM have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority's Electronic Submission Service and will shortly be available on the National Storage Mechanism at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Our AGM will be held on Wednesday 29 April 2026 at 2.00pm at Pinnacle House, Breedon Quarry, Breedon on the Hill, Derby DE73 8AP . In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A), the unedited full text of the regulated information required to be made public under DTR 4.1 is contained within the 2025 Annual Report. Enquiries: Enquiries: Breedon Group plc www.breedongroup.com James Atherton-Ham, Company Secretary +44 (0) 1332 694000 MHP (Public Relations Adviser) +44 (0) 7508 012457 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and