BETA Close X Breedon Group plc will announce its annual results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on 11 March 2026 at 7:00 am, followed by an analyst and investor presentation at 8:30 am. The company has also made restated, unaudited segmental reporting for the five years to 2024 available on its website, reflecting its move to a country-based management structure effective from 1 July 2025. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 30 January 2026 30 January 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Notice of Annual Results 2025 Country-based management structure; Reporting segment changes Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States will issue its annual results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on Wednesday, 11 March 2026 at 7:00am. Later that day, Breedon will host an in-person earnings presentation for analysts and investors at the offices of Deutsche Bank, 10 Moorfields Highwalk, London EC2Y 9DP at 8:30am. The event will be webcast live and include presentations from Breedon's Chief Executive Officer, Rob Wood, and Chief Financial Officer, James Brotherton. As previously announced, with effect from 1 July 2025 the Group moved to a country-based management structure (Great Britain, Ireland and United States) to reflect the geographical operating profile of the Group. The restated, unaudited annual segmental reporting for the five years to 2024 is now available for reference on our website Results, reports and presentations - Breedon . Enquiries Breedon Group plc Louise Turner-Smith, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7860 911909 MHP (Public relations adviser) +44 (0) 7508 012457 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst, Jake Terry breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds c.1.6bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services, including specialty materials, surfacing and highway maintenance operations, to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants are actively engaged in a number of carbon reduction practices, which include utilising alternative raw materials and lower carbon fuels. Breedon's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group continues to execute its strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders, delivering growth through organic improvement and acquisition in the heavyside construction materials market. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and