BETA Close X Breedon Group plc has announced that its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will host a live presentation on their 2025 Annual Results via Investor Meet Company on March 12, 2026, at 10:00 GMT. This presentation is open to all shareholders, with questions able to be submitted in advance by March 11, 2026, at 09:00 GMT, or during the event itself. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 04 March 2026 4 March 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Live presentation via Investor Meet Company Breedon Group plc is pleased to announce that Rob Wood, Chief Executive Officer and James Brotherton, Chief Financial Officer will provide a live presentation relating to our Annual Results 2025 via Investor Meet Company on 12 March 2026, at 10:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 11 March 2026, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet BREEDON GROUP PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/breedon-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Breedon Group plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. ENQUIRIES Breedon Group plc +44 (0) 1332 694010 Rob Wood, Chief Executive Officer James Brotherton, Chief Financial Officer Louise Turner-Smith, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7860 911909 MHP (Public relations adviser) +44 (0) 7508 012457 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.5bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services, including specialty materials, surfacing and highway maintenance operations, to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants are actively engaged in a number of carbon reduction practices, which include utilising alternative raw materials and lower carbon fuels. Breedon's 4,800 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group continues to execute its strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders, delivering growth through organic improvement and acquisition in the heavyside construction materials market. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago Greggs 43 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and