BETA Close X Breedon Group PLC has launched its "Backing British Cement" advocacy campaign, urging government intervention to support the domestic cement industry. The FTSE250 listed company, a leading British cement manufacturer, is highlighting the critical role of cement in national infrastructure projects and economic prosperity, warning that increased imports risk exporting jobs and leaving the UK vulnerable to supply chain disruptions. Breedon is advocating for a robust Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, addressing competitiveness challenges, accelerating support for carbon capture technologies, and promoting domestically produced cement in public procurement. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 11 March 2026 Press Release - for immediate release 11 March 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Breedon launches its British Cement Advocacy campaign "Backing British Cement" Breedon Group ('Breedon' or 'the Group'), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, today has announced the launch of its British Cement Advocacy campaign, in conjunction with announcing its 2025 annual results. Breedon's CEO Rob Wood has written to the relevant ministers and key officials in the Departments of Business and Trade, and Energy Security and Net Zero, respectively, including cabinet ministers Ed Miliband and Peter Kyle. With over 300 sites around the country, around a quarter of British MPs have a Breedon operation in their constituencies. As a leading provider of cement in Great Britain and the largest British-based domestic manufacturer, the FTSE250 listed Group has campaigned alongside the Mineral Products Association (the trade association for mineral products, including cement) to raise the profile of this foundation industry and advocate for its key role in our national security and economic prosperity, supporting British jobs, supply chains and decarbonisation. The Government's ambitions to deliver 1.5 million new homes and invest in schools, hospitals, transport links and green energy infrastructure simply cannot be realised without cement. At the same time, increased imports of cement risks exporting jobs, investment and emissions overseas, while leaving the UK exposed to supply chain disruption and geopolitical shocks. Having escalated its parliamentary engagement campaign last year, highlighting risks to the industry, including uneven carbon regulation, high energy prices, rising labour costs and the increasing flow of imports, Breedon is now advocating for significant Government intervention in 2026; Breedon's policy asks include: · establishing a robust Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism · addressing the wider competitiveness challenges · accelerating support for carbon capture technologies, and · promoting domestically produced cement in public procurement. Rob Wood, Chief Executive of Breedon said: "Using public procurement policy to support domestically produced cement would unlock huge opportunities and ensure the Government's investment in housing and infrastructure delivers wider economic growth. It would also protect thousands of highly skilled, well-paid jobs across all four nations. "We will continue our engagement throughout 2026 as we strongly encourage the Government and our customers to "Back British Cement". Ends. Enquiries MHP (Public relations and public affairs adviser to Breedon) +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.5bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services, including specialty materials, surfacing and highway maintenance operations, to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants are actively engaged in a number of carbon reduction practices, which include utilising alternative raw materials and lower carbon fuels. Breedon's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group continues to execute its strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders, delivering growth through organic improvement and acquisition in the heavyside construction materials market. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and