Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 01 October 2026 1 October 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Breedon announces CEO succession James Brotherton to succeed Rob Wood as Group CEO Breedon Group plc (“Breedon” or the “Group”), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, is pleased to announce the appointment of James Brotherton as the Group’s next CEO with effect from 1 January 2027. He will succeed Rob Wood, who has decided to retire at the end of this calendar year after twelve years with Breedon. James has been CFO of Breedon since 2021 and has worked closely with Rob in the development and execution of the Group’s ‘Expand and Improve’ strategy, including Breedon’s establishment of a third platform in the United States and its move up to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. The appointment is the culmination of the Board’s structured approach to succession planning and follows a comprehensive internal and external search process led by the Nominations Committee and supported by independent advisers. A recruitment process to appoint James’ successor as CFO is underway, and a further announcement will be made in due course. James will succeed Rob, who joined Breedon as Group Finance Director in 2014 and was appointed CEO in 2021. Rob will step down from the Board and retire as an Executive Director on 31 December 2026. He will remain an employee of the Group to support James and the Board through an orderly transition process until the expiry of his notice period on 30 September 2027. Amit Bhatia, Group Chair, commented: “I am delighted that James has agreed to become Breedon’s next CEO, having witnessed first-hand his hugely significant contribution to Breedon’s growth, strategic development and international expansion over the last five years. “James combines a deep understanding of Breedon, its people and its end markets with strong strategic and commercial judgement. His passion for the business, together with his energy and ambition for the future, make him the ideal person to lead the Group through its next exciting phase of growth. “Rob has been an exceptional CEO for Breedon and, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank him for his outstanding leadership of our business through a challenging period for the industry. During his tenure, Breedon has been transformed into a truly international business and become an established constituent of the FTSE 250. “He leaves Breedon in an excellent position to take advantage of the many opportunities that lie ahead with a talented team that he has helped to shape, and he should be immensely proud of his contribution.” Rob Wood, Group CEO, commented: “Breedon is a remarkable business with incredible people, and it has been a privilege to serve here for the past twelve years. Thanks to the hard work and commitment of our 4,900 colleagues, I am proud that Breedon today is a better and stronger business than ever before. “I am delighted that the Board has chosen James to succeed me, and I look forward to supporting both him and the Board through this period of transition.” James Brotherton, incoming Group CEO, commented: “It is an honour to be appointed as Breedon’s next CEO. Having worked closely with Rob to shape the Group’s strategic direction, I look forward to continuing to execute and evolve our ambitious ‘Expand and Improve’ strategy as we continue to build Breedon 3.0. “We have an excellent business with high-quality and irreplaceable assets, strong market positions and talented colleagues. With attractive growth potential in the US and Ireland, and a material recovery opportunity in GB, it is an exciting time to be taking on this role.” ENDS This announcement contains inside information and the person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of the Group is James Atherton-Ham, Group General Counsel. ENQUIRIES Breedon Group plc +44 (0) 1332 694010 Rob Wood, Chief Executive Officer James Brotherton, Chief Financial Officer Anthony Thorpe, Director of Corporate Development & Investor Relations +44 (0) 7935 503649 MHP (Public relations adviser) +44 (0) 7801 894577 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington breedon@mhpgroup.com James Brotherton biography James is CFO of Breedon, a role he has held since April 2021. He was previously CFO of Tyman plc from 2010 to 2019, where he contributed to its significant growth and geographic expansion. Earlier in his career, he held investment banking roles at Citi and HSBC after qualifying as a chartered accountant with Ernst & Young. He is currently a director of the Quoted Companies Alliance and a member of the Takeover Panel and the Pre Emption Group. Remuneration arrangements Full details of James Brotherton’s remuneration as Group CEO will be set out in the Group’s 2026 Annual Report and Accounts, which is expected to be published in March 2027. His remuneration will be in line with the Company's approved Directors' Remuneration Policy. There is no other information required to be disclosed under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Rob Wood will receive his salary, pension, and benefits in accordance with his contract until the expiry of his notice period on 30 September 2027. He remains eligible to receive a full bonus in respect of FY26 and will be eligible for a pro-rated bonus in respect of FY27, both of which will be subject to performance. Rob will be treated as a good leaver under the terms of the Company's share schemes, including the PSP, as he is a retiring employee. His awards under the PSP will vest on the normal vesting dates subject to performance and pro-ration to the end of his time with the Company. No payments will be made to Rob by way of compensation for loss of office. Details of Rob’s remuneration following his retirement from the Board will be disclosed as required on the Group website under section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2006 and in the Group’s 2026 Annual Report and Accounts. About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.7bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with a long reserve life, supplying value added products and services to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants manufacture a product which is key to delivering infrastructure and housing and are actively engaged in carbon reduction practices. The Group's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group executes its 'Expand and Improve' strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Vistry Group 58 minutes ago Eurocell 1 hour ago Cropper (James) 2 hours ago DFI Retail Group Holdings Limited (Jersey Reg) 2 hours ago Tekmar Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and