BETA Close X Breedon Group plc has provided a six-monthly return detailing its block listing of ordinary shares. As of December 27, 2025, the company has a balance of 1,905,437 unissued or unallotted ordinary shares across its various share schemes, a decrease from the 2,050,420 shares reported previously. During the period from June 28, 2025, to December 27, 2025, a total of 144,983 ordinary shares were issued or allotted under the Breedon Group Savings Related Share Option Scheme and the Breedon Group Irish Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (Unapproved). No shares were issued under the Breedon Group Performance Share Plan or the Breedon Group Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 31 December 2025 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Information provided on this form must be typed or printed electronically and provided to an ris . (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the Listing Rules.) Date: 31 December 2025 Name of applicant : Breedon Group plc Name of schemes: 1) Breedon Group Savings Related Share Option Scheme 2) Breedon Group Irish Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (Unapproved) 3) Breedon Group Performance Share Plan 4) Breedon Group Employee Stock Purchase Plan Period of return: From: 28 June 2025 To: 27 December 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 2,050,420 Ordinary Shares Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): Nil Less: Number of securities issued / allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 1) 139,795 - Breedon Group Savings Related Share Option Scheme 2) 5,188 - Breedon Group Irish Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (Unapproved) 3) 0 - Breedon Group Performance Share Plan 4) 0 - Breedon Group Employee Stock Purchase Plan Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 1,905,437 Ordinary Shares Name of contact: James Atherton-Ham Telephone number of contact: +44 (0)1332 694010 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago Greggs 43 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and