BETA Close X Smith+Nephew has launched its LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand, a new surgical tool designed for ENT surgeons to improve efficiency and access during airway procedures. This device offers features such as self-clearing clog capabilities, a long working length for better access, and a malleable shaft to adapt to patient anatomy, all while operating at low temperatures with a reduced risk of airway fire. Early surgeon feedback has been positive, highlighting the wand's efficiency and versatility in tissue removal. Disclaimer* Smith+Nephew introduces groundbreaking LYNX™ COBLATION™ Laryngeal Wand for ENT surgeons Delivering versatility for airway procedures in a single, streamlined surgical solution Smith+Nephew (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN), the global medical technology company, today announces the commercial launch of its LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand, a multi-purpose solution designed by laryngologists for laryngology. Backed by surgeon insights and the need for versatility, the LYNX Wand is designed with a long working length and also fine dissection and mass debulking capabilities to support procedures from supraglottis to trachea 1 ,2 at low temperatures* 3 with reduced risk of airway fire. † 4-6 The LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand advances airway procedural solutions thanks to several key differentiators, including: Improved efficiency with self-clearing clog capabilities to reduce occurrence of clogs while the device is in use. ‡ 7 Better access to target anatomy with a long working length and the capability to efficiently perform radial incisions on the target tissue in all 360 degrees. § , 8 Malleable wand shaft, designed to adapt to patients’ anatomical needs. Among the first surgeons to use the LYNX Wand was Dr. Priya Krishna, Professor at Loma Linda University Health System, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery who stated, “The LYNX Wand is very efficient in its completeness of tissue removal, and the extended length makes it versatile.” “Early feedback from surgeons using the LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand has been impressive,” said Meghan Mavity, Senior Vice President and General Manager, ENT at Smith+Nephew. “We listened to what ENT surgeons wanted and designed something specifically for them. The result is an exceptionally versatile laryngeal wand that fills an unmet need – a single, streamlined surgical solution for airway procedures.” COBLATION Technology The LYNX Wand utilizes Smith+Nephew’s patented COBLATION ENT Technology. With over 20 years of clinical use and more than 240 peer-reviewed publications, COBLATION Technology is a clinically backed surgical method that precisely removes tissue. 9,10 It is indicated for ablation, resection, coagulation of soft tissue, hemostasis of blood vessels. To learn more about the LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand, please visit the product webpage here . - ends – Media Enquiries Dave Snyder +1 (978) 749-1440 Smith+Nephew david.snyder@smith-nephew.com *As demonstrated ex vivo †Compared to electrocautery or CO 2 laser ‡Compared to PROCISE ◊ LW COBLATION ◊ Laryngeal Wand §As demonstrated in benchtop simulated laryngeal model References Smith+Nephew 2026. Technical Memo. P/N 10170589 LYNX COBLATION Laryngeal Wand, Instructions for Use 03/2026 P/N 160029 Rev. C Smith+Nephew 2010. Internal Report. P/N 86257 Rev. A. Roy S, et al. Am J Otolaryngol. 2010;31(5):356-359. Roy S, et al. Am J Otolaryngol. 2015;36(1):63-66. Matt BH, et al. Am J Otolaryngol. 2010;143(3):454 - 455. Smith+Nephew 2026. Technical Report. P/N 10169096. Smith+Nephew 2026. Technical Report. P/N 10169186. Rev.A. Magdy EA, et al. J Laryngol Otol. 2008;122(3):282-290. Roje Z, et al. Coll Antropol. 2009;33(1):293-298. About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people’s bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose ‘Life Unlimited’. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients’ lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The terms ‘Group’ and ‘Smith+Nephew’ are used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on X , LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking Statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F, which is available on the SEC’s website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 1 hour ago Pulsar Group 1 hour ago Mercia Asset Management 1 hour ago ITM Power 14 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and