BETA Close X Smith+Nephew has received De Novo classification from the FDA for its TESSA Spatial Surgery System, a significant advancement in Sports Medicine utilizing AI and augmented reality for personalized surgical planning and procedural innovation. This system, which generates patient-specific 3D anatomical models from scans and overlays them onto live arthroscopic video for real-time navigation, is initially indicated for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) surgery to improve femoral tunnel placement. The TESSA System is expected to be commercially introduced in Q3 2026 with broader deployment in 2027, positioning Smith+Nephew as a leader in data-enabled digital Sports Medicine. Disclaimer* Smith+Nephew’s TESSA™ Spatial Surgery System granted De Novo classification by the FDA sparking a generational leap in Sports Medicine for personalized planning and procedural innovation Smith+Nephew (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN), the global medical technology company, today announces it has been granted De Novo classification by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for its TESSA Spatial Surgery System. Utilizing cutting-edge accelerated computing and AI technology, the TESSA (Tracking Enabled Spatial Surgery Assistant) System brings personalized planning, augmented reality, advanced imaging, navigation, and real-time tracking to help transform arthroscopic procedures, leveraging technology originally developed by Perceive3D S.A., a spin-off from the University of Coimbra that became part of Smith+Nephew through acquisition. The TESSA System uses preoperative MR or CT scans with cloud-based deep-learning neural net algorithms running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to generate patient-specific 3D anatomical models. Powered by NVIDIA AI infrastructure, the TESSA System overlays this patient-specific 3D bone model onto live 4K arthroscopic video, providing real-time video-based navigation to help surgeons visualize anatomy with greater accuracy during surgery.* 1 The first indication for use for the TESSA System is femoral anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) surgery of the knee, where femoral malposition (29%) and tibial malposition (11%) are among the most common reasons for ACLR failure. 2 The TESSA System will assist a surgeon in placement and navigation of the femoral tunnel – helping mitigate these challenges using augmented reality technology. “Musculoskeletal innovation is entering a new era, where enabling technologies matter just as much as implants,” said Dr. Jorge Chahla, Orthopedic Surgeon and Assistant Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Rush University Medical Center. “Starting with ACL reconstruction, spatial surgery technology is designed to support surgeon planning and execution, not to replace clinical decision making.” With De Novo classification, the TESSA System serves as the first device in a new FDA category for intra-articular orthopedic stereotaxic navigation instruments - establishing a regulatory reference point for future innovations and reinforcing Smith+Nephew's leadership in personalized, data-enabled, digital Sports Medicine. ”The TESSA Spatial Surgery System is going to change the game for Sports Medicine surgeons – bringing procedural innovation and patient personalization to an entirely new level,” said Scott Schaffner, President of Global Sports Medicine at Smith+Nephew. “Over time, we anticipate the TESSA System will support applications across a broad spectrum of arthroscopic procedures, starting with ACL reconstruction, where tunnel placement and trajectory remain significant clinical challenges.” “The TESSA System is modernizing ACL surgery by solving an unmet need,” said Dr. Anil Ranawat, Chief of the Hip and Knee Division of Sports Medicine at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York. “It uses computer mapping to help give us accurate tunnel placement – a major problem with current ACL surgery solutions.” The TESSA Spatial Surgery System will be commercially introduced during Q3 2026 focusing on early customer adoption and will see increased deployment in 2027. Anyone wishing to learn more about Smith+Nephew’s category defining spatial surgery solutions for Sports Medicine are encouraged to visit: https://spatialsurgery.com . - ends – Media Enquiries Dave Snyder +1 (978) 749-1440 Smith+Nephew david.snyder@smith-nephew.com * Comparison to published data on standard ACL reconstruction techniques References Smith+Nephew. 2025. Internal Report. 10153865 Li X, Yan L, Li D, et al. Failure modes after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Int Orthop . 2023;47(3):719–734. About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people’s bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose ‘Life Unlimited’. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients’ lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The terms ‘Group’ and ‘Smith+Nephew’ are used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on X , LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking Statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F, which is available on the SEC’s website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and