BETA Close X Smith+Nephew has priced a USD 700,000,000 issuance of 5.750% Notes due 2036, with net proceeds of USD 690,928,000 expected to be used for the tender offer of its outstanding 2.032% Senior Notes due 2030 and general corporate purposes. The offering is scheduled to close on September 11, 2026, subject to customary conditions. Disclaimer* Smith & Nephew Plc 10 September 2026 September 10, 2026 SMITH+NEPHEW PRICES USD BOND ISSUE Smith & Nephew plc (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN) ("Smith+Nephew") has completed the pricing of USD 700,000,000 5.750% Notes due 2036 (the "Notes"). The proceeds to Smith+Nephew (after underwriting discounts) of USD 690,928,000 from the Notes will be used to fund the purchase of Smith+Nephew's outstanding 2.032% Senior Notes due 2030 in the tender offer and to pay certain related fees and expenses, and the remaining for general corporate purposes. The offering is scheduled to close on September 11, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions. Smith+Nephew has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for the offering to which this communication relates. Investors should read the prospectus in such registration statement and other documents Smith+Nephew has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Smith+Nephew and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting the SEC web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you may obtain a copy of the Prospectus and Preliminary Prospectus Supplement from BofA Securities, Inc. by calling toll-free at +1-800-294-1322, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling collect at +1-212-834-4533, Mizuho Securities USA LLC by calling toll-free at +1-866-271-7403 or SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. by calling toll-free at +1-888-868-6856. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor will there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Enquiries Investors Emily Heaven +44 (0) 7811 919437 Smith+Nephew Craig Bijou +1 (475) 850-8282 Smith+Nephew Media Charles Reynolds +44 (0) 7811 121398 Smith+Nephew Legal Entity Identifier: 213800ZTMDN8S67S1H61 About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people's bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose 'Life Unlimited'. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients' lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The term 'Smith+Nephew' is used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on X , LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; effects of AI use and deployment; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2025 and interim financial statements on Form 6-K for the six months period ended June 27, 2026, which are available on the SEC's website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. The Company can give no assurance that any goal or plan set forth in the Company's forward-looking statements will be achieved and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date made. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. United Kingdom The communication of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and any other documents or materials relating to the Notes is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the United Kingdom's Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"). Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Such documents and/or materials are only being distributed to, and are only directed at, persons outside the United Kingdom or in the United Kingdom to persons that (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), (ii) who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or (iii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is either one (or both) of the following: (i) not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom; or (ii) not a qualified investor as defined in paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the Public Offers and Admission to Trading Regulations 2024. Consequently, no disclosure document required by the Product Disclosure Sourcebook of the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("DISC") for offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the DISC and the Consumer Composite Investments (Designated Activities) Regulations 2024. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago TMT Investments 1 hour ago Dunelm Group 15 hours ago FRP Advisory Group 15 hours ago Close Brothers Group 15 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and