Disclaimer* Smith+Nephew launches the new EVOS™ PELVIC Plating System at the 2026 Orthopedic Trauma Association (OTA) Annual Meeting, expanding the EVOS Plating Platform for pelvic and acetabular fracture management The All-in-one system combines plates, cannulated screws and specialized instrumentation to streamline complex pelvic surgery Smith+Nephew (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN), the global medical technology company, today announces the launch of the EVOS PELVIC Plating System , the next evolution of the EVOS plating platform designed to address the unique challenges of pelvic and acetabular surgery. EVOS PELVIC System is built on the proven principles of the EVOS platform that has become a trusted choice for trauma surgeons worldwide due to its breadth of implant offerings, procedural efficiency and clinically relevant innovation. 1-5 EVOS PELVIC System helps surgeons address a broad range of fracture patterns and disruptions in highly complex procedures. Dedicated plates and instruments are designed to work seamlessly together to support plate-assisted reduction. The EVOS PELVIC System delivers a complete, all-in-one solution featuring: Pre-contoured plate options for the posterior wall, quadrilateral surface, and pubic symphysis. Locking and non-locking utility plates. A new cannulated screw system designed specifically for the pelvis and acetabulum. Specialized instrumentation to support exposure, fracture reduction and implant placement. "The launch of EVOS PELVIC System marks an important milestone in the continued expansion of our EVOS Plate portfolio and our commitment to advancing trauma care," said Nate Folkert, President, Smith+Nephew Orthopaedics. “We are excited to bring this next evolution of the EVOS Platform to surgeons and patients around the world." "The brand EVOS was created from our mission to drive the Evolution of Osteosynthesis,” said John Rawlinson, Senior Director, Global Marketing, Smith+Nephew. “Our goal is to deliver meaningful innovation that helps surgeons address complex clinical challenges and underscores the company's continued investment in solutions that help improve outcomes. The new EVOS PELVIC System is a powerful example of that mission in action.” “We set out to develop what we believe is the most comprehensive pelvic and acetabular fracture system to date,” said Dr. Reza Firoozabadi, MD, Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at the University of Washington/Harborview Medical Center and design surgeon for the EVOS PELVIC System. “It was designed to address the full spectrum of injuries, from straightforward to the most complex pelvic ring and acetabular fractures, while providing fixation options for patients ranging from young individuals to elderly patients with compromised bone quality.” “Specific implants and instruments were designed to work together to facilitate plate-assisted reduction, giving surgeons the ability to obtain a reduction, fine-tune it using features engineered into the plates and instruments, and then maintain that reduction until fracture union has occurred,” Dr. Firoozabadi explained. “Ultimately, our goal was to make these technically demanding procedures more efficient and reproducible, allowing surgeons to focus on achieving the best possible reduction and fixation for their patients." The EVOS PELVIC System is currently available in the United States. Availability and timing of launch in other markets may vary. It will be available for surgeons to preview at Smith+Nephew’s booth #301 during the upcoming 2026 Orthopaedic Trauma Association (OTA) Annual Meeting in Nashville, TN September 23-26. Make plans to visit Smith+Nephew's Mini Surgical Suite located in the Exhibit Hall at the Music City Convention Center for an exclusive opportunity to connect one-on-one with the EVOS PELVIC System design surgeons. For more information about the EVOS PELVIC System, visit the EVOS PELVIC web page. - ends - Media Enquiries Gina Kamler +1 (901) 262-9070 gina.kamler@smith-nephew.com References 1. Smith+Nephew 2020.EVOS Large Frag Lateral Proximal Tibia Plate Validation Lab. Internal Report. 2. Smith+Nephew 2020.EVOS Large Frag Proximal Humerus Plate Validation Lab. Internal Report. 3. Smith+Nephew 2019.EVOS Large Frag Medial Distal Femur Plate Validation Lab. Internal Report. 4. Smith+Nephew 2020.EVOS Large Frag Straight Plate Validation Lab. Internal Report. 5. Smith+Nephew 2020.EVOS Large Frag Peri-Prosthetic Proximal Femur Plate Validation Lab. Internal Report. About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people’s bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose ‘Life Unlimited’. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients’ lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The terms ‘Group’ and ‘Smith+Nephew’ are used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking Statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F, which is available on the SEC’s website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Seed Innovations Limited 23 minutes ago F&C Investment Trust 52 minutes ago Close Brothers Group 1 hour ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Avon Technologies plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and