Disclaimer* Smith+Nephew’s revolutionary CARTIHEAL™ AGILI-C™ Cartilage Repair Implant launches in Europe; to be featured at ICRS Summit in Portugal Smith+Nephew (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN), the global medical technology company, today announces that its innovative CARTIHEAL AGILI-C Cartilage Repair Implant is now commercially available in Europe. The CARTIHEAL Implant will take center stage at this week’s International Cartilage Regeneration & Joint Preservation Society (ICRS) Summit in Porto, Portugal from October 8-10. Introduced by Smith+Nephew in the US during 2024, the CARTIHEAL Implant is rapidly transforming the cartilage repair landscape. Composed of aragonite, a naturally occurring calcium carbonate acting as a biphasic scaffold, the implant is able to repair cartilage, restore bone, and relieve pain. 1 - 5 ,* These unique properties enable physicians to surgically treat patients who previously had no access to cartilage repair procedures. 1 ,4,5 Click here to play video Compelling evidence from a multicenter, randomized controlled trial highlighting the clinical superiority of the CARTIHEAL Implant was recently published in the American Journal of Sports Medicine (AJSM) . The study concluded that the CARTIHEAL AGILI-C Cartilage Repair Implant resulted in higher overall Knee injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Scores (KOOS) versus surgical standard of care * * for all time points out to 60 months. 5 Additionally, the study also found: Superior pain relief: Patients treated with the CARTIHEAL AGILI-C Implant reported significantly better knee pain relief and quality of life improvements over a 5-year period. 1, 4 -6 ,* Superior functional gains: Patients treated with the CARTIHEAL Implant reported superior improvements in performing activities related to daily living, sport and recreation at 2, 4 and 5-years. 1, 4-6 Patients with/without osteoarthritis (OA): No statistical difference in clinical outcomes found in OA and non-OA patients receiving the CARTIHEAL Implant. 4, *** Joaquin Lasso, Smith+Nephew’s SVP and GM of Sports Medicine International commented, "Smith+Nephew is committed to advancing technologies that address meaningful unmet clinical needs. The launch of the CARTIHEAL Implant in Europe brings surgeons an innovative, evidence-backed solution for cartilage repair and reinforces our focus on helping patients achieve better long-term outcomes and return to their active lives." "The treatment of cartilage and osteochondral defects continues to be one of the most challenging areas in Orthopedic sports medicine. It is encouraging to see innovative treatment approaches such as the CARTIHEAL AGILI-C Implant becoming available to more surgeons and patients worldwide,” said Dr. Francesca de Caro, Specialist in Orthopedics, Knee, and Hip Surgery at Pavia Hospital in Italy. “Expanding access to new technologies, together with ongoing clinical education and scientific exchange, helps advance our ability to address these complex conditions and improve patient care." The CARTIHEAL Implant will first be introduced in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, and the UK, with other countries expected to follow shortly after. To learn more about Smith+Nephew’s CARTIHEAL AGILI-C Cartilage Repair Implant, please visit our booth at ICRS (#2) and view the product webpage here . - ends – Media Enquiries Dave Snyder +1 (978) 749-1440 Smith+Nephew david.snyder@smith-nephew.com * Over 2-, 4-& 5-year follow-up compared to microfracture or debridement ** Compared to debridement or microfracture *** Overall KOOS improvements at 48 months; KL 0-1 vs 2-3 References Altschuler N, Zaslav KR, Di Matteo B, et al. Aragonite-Based Scaffold Versus Microfracture and Debridement for the Treatment of Knee Chondral and Osteochondral Lesions: Results of a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial. Am J Sports Med. 2023;51(4):957-967. Kon E, Di Matteo B, Verdonk P, et al. Aragonite-Based Scaffold for the Treatment of Joint Surface Lesions in Mild to Moderate Osteoarthritic Knees: Results of a 2-Year Multicenter Prospective Study. Am J Sports Med. 2021;49(3):588-598. Kon E, Filardo G, Shani J, et al. Osteochondral regeneration with a novel aragonite-hyaluronate biphasic scaffold: up to 12-month follow-up study in a goat model. J Orthop Surg Res. 2015;10:81. Conte P, Anzillotti G, Crawford DC, et al. Differential analysis of the impact of lesions' location on clinical and radiological outcomes after the implantation of a novel aragonite-based scaffold to treat knee cartilage defects. Int Orthop. 2024;48(12):3117-3126 Altschuler N, Zaslav KR, Di Matteo B, et al. Five-Year Follow-up of a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing an Aragonite-Based Scaffold With Microfracture and Debridement for Chondral and Osteochondral Knee Lesions. The American Journal of Sports Medicine. 2026;54(6):1376-1385 Kon, E., De Caro, F., Dasa, V., M Scopp, J., Di Matteo, B., Flanigan, D., Shabshin, N., Strickland, S., & Altschuler, N. (2025). Female patients report comparable results to males after the implantation of an aragonite-based scaffold for the treatment of knee chondral and osteochondral defects: a gender-based analysis of a RCT at 4 years' follow-up. J of Ortho and Traumatology, 26(1), 17. About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people’s bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose ‘Life Unlimited’. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients’ lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The terms ‘Group’ and ‘Smith+Nephew’ are used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on X , LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking Statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F, which is available on the SEC’s website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Seed Innovations Limited 23 minutes ago F&C Investment Trust 52 minutes ago Close Brothers Group 1 hour ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Avon Technologies plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and