Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 81 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 81 Item 9B. Other Information 85 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 85 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 86 Item 11. Executive Compensation 87 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 87 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 88 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 88 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 88 Signatures 93 2 Part I Item 1. Business CORPORATE BACKGROUND General In 1949, our founders established ADP with a simple, innovative idea: help clients focus on their business by solving their payroll challenges. In the 77 years since, we have led the Human Capital Management (“HCM”) industry in innovation. We were the first in HCM to deliver automation, move to the cloud, provide a mobile app, and create an online marketplace. Today, we continue that legacy with artificial intelligence (“AI”), building AI into the very core of how we orchestrate, govern and execute HR and pay processes for outcomes. As AI adds new layers of complexity to managing the workforce infrastructure that makes business possible, our clients need a partner they can trust. As the trusted, , and partner for HCM, we deliver services powered by deep domain expertise, workforce data, and global scale to help organizations manage their most critical workforce functions with precision, compliance and confidence. Today, we are a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, serving over 1.1 million clients and paying over 42 million workers in over 140 countries and territories. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market® under the symbol “ADP.” 3 When we refer to “we,” “us,” “our,” “ADP,” or the “Company” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 4 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ADP’s Mission Our mission is to help our clients manage the workforce infrastructure that makes business possible, whether they're a Fortune 500 ® company or a small local business. AI is reshaping how work gets done at the task level, but that does not eliminate the need to manage it. In fact, AI has added new layers of complexity for business and ADP is for this challenge. ADP brings 77 years of workforce expertise and global scale to payroll, compliance, and workforce management, and these advantages set us apart. We support every HCM need of our clients from HR, payroll, time and benefits to HR outsourcing, talent, compliance and retirement, across the entire employee experience. Our data, global scale and reach, and deep domain expertise shape our trusted service model and are at the core of our relationship with each one of our clients, which span over 140 countries and territories. Together, these strengths allow us to solve our clients' challenges with HCM solutions that reduce friction, deliver smart insights to drive decisions, and ultimately empower people at work without replacing their human judgment. ADP’s Strategy With a large and growing addressable market, we are focused on our core growth areas and further enhancing our market position by executing against our three strategic priorities rooted in our structural advantages: • Lead with HCM Technology. We design and develop , HCM platforms that simplify work and help organizations manage their most critical workforce functions with precision, compliance and confidence in the AI era. Unlike generalized AI tools, our AI is built into the very core of how we orchestrate, govern, and execute HR and pay processes for outcomes. Our global data platform, named “2026 Data Solution of the Year for HR” in the Data Breakthrough Awards, is the foundation of the advantage we bring to our clients. Spanning over 1.1 million clients and 42 million workers across roles, industries and geographies, we have the industry's largest workforce dataset. In the U.S., we pay one in six workers and moved $3.5 trillion in fiscal year 2026, giving us unique insights into the workforce and its emerging trends. AI is only as good as the data it is trained on, and this advantage compounds over time. Every ADP Assist AI Agent is grounded in ADP's institutional knowledge. The result is agents tailored for employees, managers, HR and payroll practitioners, all informed by ADP's data advantage. Our approach to AI agents earned ADP recognition as one of Fast Company's 2026 “Most Innovative Companies,” with ADP earning the number one spot among HR companies for its approach to designing AI tools that solve real client challenges and empower people at work. • Provide Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions. Our products, services, and solutions are built on 77 years of experience with HR processes, workflows, exceptions and regulatory nuance. Our clients look to us as a source of expertise to understand key HR trends and best practices, employment and related legislation and regulations, and to offer thoughtful strategies to utilize HCM technology to achieve their business objectives and support their workforce. Many of our clients also ask us to take on responsibility for a portion or all of their HCM workflows via one of our Human Resources Outsourcing (“HRO”) solutions. ADP pairs efficiency with expert human judgment. Our clients have access to real experts for unique and unprecedented situations and we are designed to execute with precision when it matters most. • Benefit our Clients with Our Global Scale. Our clients benefit from our unmatched global footprint and scale in the HCM industry. ADP serves clients in over 140 countries and territories with 67,000 associates delivering solutions for our clients' global operations. With direct integration to tens of thousands of government entities, tax authorities, and banking institutions, our global footprint provides a “final mile” ecosystem that is hard to replicate. As AI accelerates regulatory fragmentation, our scale and compliance infrastructure become even more critical to our clients' success. We continue to build on these strengths to further improve our client experience, and to add to our global footprint to meet our clients where they choose to do business. We have strategically focused on delivering a single, unified, consistent and easy to navigate experience for our global and multinational clients, leaning into our strength in global payroll and expanding our HR and workforce management solutions. We continue to build more relationships with providers to give clients seamless integrations and customizations that simplify their HR processes and address their unique needs, whether through embedded payroll offerings or partner solutions available through the ADP Marketplace. And we intend to continue to invest in our sales organization and sales technology to not only optimize the purchase experience but to empower 5 our sellers to provide the deep expertise and insights our clients require to ensure they have the right HCM solutions to help them achieve their objectives and make a meaningful impact for their employees. ADP's Commitment to Responsible AI Clients have relied on ADP through decades of change and complexity. In the AI era, our commitment to responsible AI reinforces ADP's position as the trusted partner for HCM. ADP maintains strong governance through an active AI & Data Ethics Council, comprised of both industry leaders and ADP experts, which advises on emerging industry trends and concerns and provides guidance with respect to compliance with the principles that ADP should follow while developing products, systems and applications that involve AI, machine learning (“ML”) and data. We additionally have an interdisciplinary working group across ADP that determines governance for use cases and the set of principles and processes that govern the use of these technologies, including operational monitoring of recommendations made by AI and ML technologies. As we continue to introduce new AI tools, we aim to incorporate compliance, transparency and security into development from the start. Reportable Segments Our two reportable business segments are Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”), and are based on the way that management reviews the performance of, and makes decisions about, our businesses. For financial data by segment and by geographic area, see Note 15 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employer Services . Our Employer Services segment serves clients ranging from small businesses to large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees around the world, offering a comprehensive range of HCM solutions, including our strategic, platforms, and HRO (other than PEO) solutions. These solutions address critical client needs and include: Payroll Services, Benefits Administration, Talent Management, Workforce Management Solutions, Compliance Solutions, Human Resources Management, Retirement Services and Insurance Services. Professional Employer Organization . Our PEO business, called ADP TotalSource ® , is our PEO that offers expert guidance, technology, comprehensive employee benefits, and a risk management, safety, and workers’ compensation program as part of a arrangement in which employees who work for a client (referred to as “worksite employees”) are by the client and us. 6 PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS To help clients manage the workforce infrastructure that makes business possible, whether they’re a Fortune 500 company or a small local business, we provide a unified ecosystem of HCM solutions rooted in our data and deep domain expertise. Our strategic platforms, scalable by company size and location, allow clients to recruit, onboard, pay, manage and retain their people in one single space with precision, compliance and confidence. Our AI is built into the very core of how our platforms orchestrate, govern and execute HR and pay processes for outcomes . HCM Solutions Integrated HCM Solutions. Our premier suite of HCM solutions support employers of all types and sizes across the entire employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement. These solutions are powered by our data and AI capabilities, which are designed to reduce friction, surface actionable insights and support informed human judgment across all of our platforms, including: • RUN Powered by ADP ® , serving over 980,000 small businesses, is an platform designed specifically for small businesses to simplify payroll, HR, and compliance. It combines technology with 24/7 support from ADP’s team of payroll professionals. By embedding automation and AI into routine tasks, RUN helps small businesses focus on running their operations with compliance, precision and confidence. RUN also integrates with other ADP solutions, including workforce management, workers’ compensation, benefits, and retirement services. • ADP Workforce Now ® is a flexible HCM solution used by over 90,000 and large businesses in North America to manage their employees. More businesses use ADP Workforce Now in North America than any other HCM solution designed for both and large businesses. Workforce Now integrates payroll, HR, time, benefits and compliance on a single platform, enabling organizations to manage complex workforce requirements with confidence. • ADP Lyric™ HCM is a global HCM for large enterprises, unifying HR management, payroll, workforce management, talent, and data analytics into a flexible, intelligent, and solution. Businesses using Lyric also benefit from comprehensive service support, with an emphasis on global compliance support and expertise. Lyric is built for the way people actually work together, mirroring practically any structure of work groups, such as divisions, regions, or dynamic teams. Lyric integrates generative AI technology with ADP’s unmatched dataset, helping to support , drive efficiency and personalize employee experiences based on attributes of role, geographic location, typical behaviors, and 7 anticipated need, all while maintaining human oversight in outcomes such as pay, compliance and workforce decisions. Payroll Services . We pay approximately 26 million (approximately 1 out of every 6) workers in the United States. We offer flexible payroll services to employers of all sizes, including the preparation of employee paychecks, pay statements, supporting journals, summaries, and management reports. Our payroll solutions are designed to deliver dependable execution at scale, supported by deep expertise and automation that helps reduce risk without removing human judgment and accountability. We provide employers with a wide range of payroll options, including using mobile technology, connecting their major enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) applications with ADP’s payroll services or outsourcing their entire payroll process to us. Employers can choose a variety of payroll payment options including ADP’s electronic wage payment and, in the United States, payroll card solutions and digital accounts. On behalf of our clients in the United States, we prepare and file federal, state and local payroll tax returns, and quarterly and annual Social Security, Medicare, and federal, state and local income tax withholding reports. Benefits Administration. In the United States, we provide powerful and agile solutions for employee benefits administration. These options include health and welfare administration services, leave administration services, insurance carrier enrollment services, employee communication services, and dependent verification services. In addition, ADP benefits administration solutions offer employers a simple and flexible eligibility and enrollment system that provides their employees with tools, communications, and other resources they need to understand their benefits options and make informed choices. Talent Management. ADP’s Talent Management solutions simplify and improve the talent acquisition, management and activation process, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Employers can use our applicant tracking software to help manage the candidate hiring process and can outsource their internal recruitment function to ADP. Employers can also receive employer brand activation services, management of candidate advertising, talent community building services, and recruiter training services, as well as career search support and outplacement for reductions in force. Our solutions provide performance, learning, succession and compensation management tools that help employers align goals to outcomes, and enable managers to identify and mitigate potential retention risks. ADP’s compensation management solutions expanded in 2025 with the acquisition of Pequity, which supports the complex compensation planning needs of , enterprise and multinational companies with flexible configurations, insights, budgeting and scenario planning tools. Our talent activation solutions provide team leaders with data and insights to drive employee engagement and leadership development, which in turn help drive employee performance. Workforce Management Solutions. ADP’s Workforce Management offers a range of solutions to over 160,000 employers of all sizes, including time and attendance, absence management and scheduling tools. Time and attendance solutions include time capture via online timesheets, timeclocks with badge readers, biometrics and , telephone/interactive voice response, and mobile smartphones and tablets. These tools automate the calculation and reporting of hours worked, helping employers prepare payroll, control costs and overtime, and manage compliance with wage and hour regulations. Absence management tools include accrued time off, attendance policy and leave case management modules. Our employee scheduling tools simplify visibility, offer capabilities and can assist managers with optimizing schedules to boost productivity and minimize under- and . We also offer data analytics and reporting tools that provide clients with insights, benchmarks and performance metrics so they can better manage their workforce. These solutions offer industry specific features and are optimized for clients of all sizes from small businesses operating in one location to the world’s largest and most complex global organizations. Solutions are available, and support compliance requirements, in over 100 countries. Compliance Solutions. ADP SmartCompliance ® leverages ADP's data, global scale and deep domain expertise to help clients manage their most critical compliance work with precision and confidence. As the complexity of payroll, tax and compliance grows in the AI era, the solution provides expertise in payment compliance and tax matters that complement the payroll, HR and ERP systems of our clients. In our fiscal year ended June 30, 2026, in the United States, we processed and delivered more than 79 million employee tax statements and moved more than $3.5 trillion in client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees. Our offerings within ADP SmartCompliance include employment tax services, W-2 management, business tax credits, ACA compliance, I-9 management, employment verification, offboarding, wage garnishment and payment solutions, which includes Wisely by ADP, our paycard offering. Human Resources Management. Commonly referred to as Human Resource Information Systems, ADP’s Human Resources Management Solutions provide employers with a single system of record to support the entry, validation, maintenance, and reporting of data required for effective HR management, including employee names, addresses, job types, salary grades, employment history, and educational background. 8 Retirement Services. ADP Retirement Services helps over 210,000 employers in the United States administer various types of retirement plans, such as SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, starter 401(k)s, traditional 401(k) plans (including Pooled Employer Plans - PEPs), 403(b) plans, and retirement plans. ADP Retirement Services provides recordkeeping and administrative services, combined with an investment platform that gives our clients access to a wide range of investment options and online tools to easily manage their plan. In addition, ADP Retirement Services offers investment management services to retirement plans through ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. ADP Retirement Services also offers trustee services through ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC, a New Hampshire affiliated trust company, as well as through a third party. Insurance Services. ADP’s Insurance Services business, in conjunction with our licensed insurance agency, Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc., facilitates access in the United States to workers’ compensation and group health insurance for over 280,000 small and clients through a variety of insurance carriers. Our automated ® premium payment program calculates and collects workers’ compensation premium payments each pay period, simplifying this task for employers. HRO Solutions As a leader in the growing HR Outsourcing market, we partner with clients of all sizes from small local businesses to large enterprise organizations, to manage their most critical workforce functions including HR, benefits, payroll, and talent management. With premium services and seamless technology, we help organizations streamline processes, reduce the daily workload and reduce compliance risk while serving as their trusted partner to navigate HR needs with precision, compliance and confidence. Whether a client chooses our PEO or HRO/Managed Services, we offer solutions tailored to a client’s specific needs and provide expertise, guidance and tools. ADP’s HR Outsourcing solutions serve over three million client employees. Professional Employer Organization. ADP TotalSource is enabled by the ADP Workforce Now technology and offers small and businesses a comprehensive HR outsourcing solution through a model. With a PEO, both ADP and the client have a relationship with the client’s employees. We assume certain employer responsibilities such as payroll processing and tax filings, and the client maintains control of its business and all management responsibilities. ADP TotalSource clients are able to offer their employees services and benefits on par with those of much larger enterprises, without the need to staff a full HR department. With our HCM software at the core, we serve more than 19,000 clients and more than 770,000 worksite employees in all 50 U.S. states. ADP TotalSource is the largest PEO certified by the Internal Revenue Service as meeting the requirements to operate as a Certified Professional Employer Organization under the Internal Revenue Code. ADP TotalSource is also an Employer Services Assurance Corporation-accredited PEO, which demonstrates that ADP meets the industry’s high standards and has the experience and financial stability to fulfill the needs of the businesses it serves. As a PEO, ADP TotalSource provides a broad range of HR administrative services, including payroll and payroll tax, employer compliance, HR guidance, employee benefits and benefit administration, talent strategies, and workers’ compensation insurance including risk and claims management. ADP Comprehensive Services. ADP Comprehensive Services combines personalized, support with our ADP Workforce Now platform to offer a suite of managed services tailored to the specific needs of businesses of all sizes. Our committed team of professionals delivers expertise, guidance, tools and administrative support across HR, talent management, payroll, and benefits administration grounded in experience and best practices. We take the time to understand our clients’ businesses to offer the right strategic support, enabling a flexible partnership that can cover one, some, or all areas of their HR and payroll processes. Designed to be a scalable extension of our clients’ resources, ADP Comprehensive Services provides outsourced execution that effectively combines expertise, processes and technology. ADP Comprehensive Outsourcing Services (ADP COS). ADP COS is designed for large enterprises to outsource their payroll. With ADP COS, the payroll process becomes our responsibility, freeing up clients to address critical issues like employee engagement and retention. The combination of technology, deep expertise and insights that ADP COS offers is powerful, allowing clients to focus on strategy and results. Global Solutions To help clients navigate the complexities of managing a global workforce, they need one partner they can trust to work where they work. Serving over 70,000 clients with premier global solutions, we have taken a strategic approach to offer a unified global HCM experience, connecting global HR, pay and workforce management with localization, automation and analytics to provide a consistent experience across countries. Whether employers are managing people in multiple countries or looking for local solutions, we partner with clients to help them navigate the most complex HR, workforce management and payroll scenarios using tailored and scalable technology supported by our deep compliance expertise. 9 ADP Global Payroll is a solution for multinational organizations of all sizes, empowering them to harmonize HCM strategies in over 140 countries and territories globally. This improves visibility, control and operational efficiency, giving organizations the insight and confidence to adapt to changing local needs, while helping to drive overall organizational agility and engagement. In addition to ADP Lyric HCM as a solution for global multinational organizations, we also offer comprehensive, HCM solutions that combine innovative technology with deep local expertise. By operating a flexible service model, we help clients manage various combinations of payroll services, benefits administration, talent management, workforce management solutions, and HR management, depending on the country in which the solution is provided. We pay over 16 million workers outside the United States with our and solutions, such as ADP iHCM and ADP Global Payroll. As part of our global payroll services, we supply regulatory and legislative tax statements and other forms to our clients’ employees. Our global talent management solutions elevate the employee experience, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Our comprehensive HR solutions combined with our deep expertise make our clients’ global HR management strategies a reality. Our configurable, automated time and attendance tools help global clients understand the work being performed and the resources being used, and help ensure the right people are in the right place at the right time. Research and Development Expenditure During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026, 2025 and 2024, we invested approximately $1.405 billion, $1.388 billion, and $1.276 billion, respectively, in research and development. These investments include expenses for activities such as the development of new products, maintenance expenses associated with our existing technologies, investments in generative and agentic AI, purchases of new software and software licenses, and additions to software resulting from business combinations. MARKETS AND SALES Our HCM solutions are offered in over 140 countries and territories across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The most material markets for HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) are the United States, Canada and Europe. In each market, we have both solutions and solutions, for employers of all sizes and complexities. The major components of our offerings throughout these geographies are payroll services, HR outsourcing and workforce management solutions. In addition, we offer wage and tax collection and/or remittance services in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, India, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia, and Taiwan. Our PEO business offers services exclusively for employees located in the United States. We market our solutions through our direct sales force, digital sales, and indirect sales channels, such as marketing relationships with certified public accountants and banks, among others. None of our major business units has a single homogeneous client base or market. While concentrations of clients exist in specific industries, no one client, industry or industry group is material to our overall revenues. We are a leader in each of our major service offerings and do not believe any of our major services or business units is subject to unique market risk. COMPETITION The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and we are one of the largest providers of HCM solutions in the world. HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) compete with other business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services, providers of HCM solutions and financial institutions. Our PEO business competes with other PEOs providing similar services, as well as business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services and providers of HCM solutions. We also face ongoing competition from companies’ functions, whereby companies install and operate their own HCM system. Competition for business outsourcing solutions is primarily based on product and service quality, reputation, ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our technology (together with our data) and commitment to service excellence, distinguishes us from our competitors. INDUSTRY REGULATION Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. We have, 10 and continue to enhance, compliance programs and policies to monitor and address the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations and client solutions, including dedicated compliance personnel and training programs. As a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of data related to clients, employees of our clients, vendors and our employees. We are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection, AI and cybersecurity-related laws, including federal, state and foreign security breach notification laws with respect to both client employee data and our own employee data. The changing nature of these comprehensive laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the European Union’s (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), and the Department of Justice’s (the “DOJ”) Data Security Program established under Executive Order 14117, impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. The GDPR imposes strict and comprehensive requirements on us as both a data controller and a data processor. As part of our overall data protection compliance program, including with respect to data protection laws in the EU, we are one of the few companies in the world to have implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). Compliance with our BCRs permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in accordance with the GDPR and other data protection laws in the EU. The CPRA requires companies to provide data disclosure, access, deletion and rights to consumers in California. The DOJ’s Data Security Program requires us to ensure that there is not access to sensitive personal data of U.S. persons by countries of concern in excess of certain thresholds. In the area of AI, some states and localities in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere have proposed or already enacted legislation that imposes obligations on how we develop and market products and solutions. Specifically, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes requirements on providers of certain types of AI services. Additionally, frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or client expectation. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 applies to our insurance services businesses and ADP TotalSource. As part of our payroll and payroll tax management services, we move client funds to our clients’ employees, independent contractors, tax authorities, garnishment recipients, and other payees via electronic funds transfer (including direct deposit, wire transfer, and payments), prepaid access and ADPCheck. In 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the “OCC”) authorized us to open ADP Trust Company, National Association (the “ADP Trust Bank”), via a national trust bank charter pursuant to the National Bank Act. The ADP Trust Bank is the sole trustee of ADP Client Trust, our grantor trust which holds U.S. client funds, and is responsible for the oversight and management of those client funds. The ADP Trust Bank, and all of its fiduciary activities including the U.S. money movement it oversees and manages via ADP Client Trust, is subject to comprehensive ongoing oversight and regulation by the OCC. In addition, our U.S. money movement managed by the ADP Trust Bank and our U.S. prepaid access offering are subject to the laundering and reporting provisions of The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (the “BSA”). Our prepaid access offerings are subject to consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as well as prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. Consumer protections for prepaid accounts under Regulation E include requirements related to fee and other disclosures, error resolution and investigation, and account access. Elements of our money movement activities outside of the United States are subject to licensing and similar laundering and reporting laws and requirements in certain countries in which we provide such services. ADP Canada Co. is registered with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (“FINTRAC”), Canada’s laundering and financing supervisor, as a Money Services Business. ADP Canada Co. is also a registered Payment Service Provider with the Bank of Canada, as defined and required under the Retail Payment Activities Act. Our employment background screening services business offers background checking services that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. ADP TotalSource is subject to various state licensing requirements and, as a Certified PEO, maintains certifications with the Internal Revenue Service. Because ADP TotalSource is a with respect to its clients’ worksite employees, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer under federal and state tax, insurance and employment laws, including worksite employee payroll obligations and with respect to claimed employee retention and other tax credits. ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, our registered investment adviser, provides certain investment management and advisory services to retirement plan administrators under a heightened “fiduciary” standard and is regulated by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Labor. ADP , Inc., which supports our Retirement Services business, is a registered regulated by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC supports our Retirement Services business as a New Hampshire trust company. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is a trustee with responsibility for oversight of the retirement plan assets of our clients and regulated by the Department of Labor under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is also subject to the oversight of the New Hampshire Banking Department. Our current and future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may also subject us to additional laws and regulations, which could also require corresponding compliance programs and policies and dedicated resources. 11 In addition, many of our businesses offer solutions that assist our clients in complying with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. Although these laws and regulations apply to our clients and not to ADP, changes in such laws or regulations may affect our operations, products and services. For example, our payroll services are designed to facilitate compliance with state laws and regulations applicable to the payment of wages. In addition, our HCM solutions help clients manage their compliance with certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act in the United States. Similarly, our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States realize tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities, is based on federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits, which are subject to renewal, amendment or rescission. We believe that key components of our compliance programs provide real competitive differentiators. For instance, our BCRs have enabled ADP to apply a global standard of data protection, simplifying data transfer processes and assisting our clients in meeting the demanding standards of data protection expected in Europe – a solution that most competitors cannot provide. Similarly, the ADP Client Trust and ADP Trust Bank provide client funds with a level of protection that most competitors cannot offer. The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition or have other adverse consequences. CLIENTS AND CLIENT CONTRACTS We provide services to more than 1.1 million clients. In fiscal 2026, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in excess of 2% of our annual consolidated revenues. We are continuously in the process of performing implementation services for new clients. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client, the installation or conversion period for new clients can vary from a short period of time for a small Employer Services client (as little as 24 hours) to a longer period for a large Employer Services client with multiple deliverables (generally six to nine months). In some cases, based on a client's timeline, the period may exceed two years for a large, ADP Global Payroll or ADP Lyric HCM client or other large, implementation. Although we monitor sales that have not yet been installed, we do not view this metric as material to an understanding of our overall business in light of the recurring nature of our business. This metric is not a reported number, but it is used by management as a planning tool to allocate resources needed to install services, and as a means of assessing our performance against the expectations of our clients. In addition, some of our products and services are sold under contracts with initial terms typically ranging from two to seven years. However, this anticipated future revenue under contract is not a significant portion of our expected future revenue, is not a meaningful indicator of our future performance and is not material to management's estimate of our future revenue. Our business is typically characterized by client relationships that result in recurring revenue. Our services are provided under written price quotations or service agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or service agreement is material to us. Based on our retention levels in fiscal 2026, our client retention is estimated at approximately 13 years in Employer Services, and approximately 6 years in PEO. LICENSES We are the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs and databases. Our business is not dependent upon a single license or group of licenses. licenses, patents, trademarks, and franchises are not material to our business as a whole. OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE Our HCM strategy is simple: our people have differentiated us for 77 years and we remain committed to valuing, developing and engaging them. Our Chief Human Resources Officer (“CHRO ” ), together with our Executive Leadership Team, manages our HCM strategy and related programs and initiatives, as well as our talent strategy. Our CHRO, along with our CEO, as appropriate, regularly updates and supports our Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board (“CMDC”) as well as the 12 Board of Directors on HCM matters. The CMDC is responsible for these matters, as well as our executive compensation program, plans, and our management succession planning and development program. Our Associates As of June 30, 2026 , our global team of associates consisted of approximately 67,000 persons. Our Culture and Values years ago, our founders established values that still guide us today. We seek to create a culture where every associate feels supported and empowered at work. Our business success is closely linked to our commitment to creating an environment in which our associates can achieve their full potential, and to do so we listen to and engage our associates. We conduct an annual culture survey, myVoice, where our associates can share their perspectives on important topics, including client service, culture, social responsibility, ethics and compliance, innovation and leadership. In addition, we leverage our innovative StandOut ® powered by ADP platform, to help managers drive talent engagement throughout the year. We issue quarterly global StandOut® Engagement Pulse® surveys to ensure that all associates can share with their leaders how they feel about their work and their colleagues, and for us to get a snapshot of engagement across the globe. Through our myMoment Recognition Program, we give our associates the opportunity to recognize and celebrate each other when they demonstrate our values, drive our goals and go above and beyond in contributing to our collective success. Our global ADP Cares program, which is funded by our generous associates with additional support from the ADP Foundation, helps members of our team get through difficult, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and major illnesses. We also proudly support our associates that give back to our communities through paid volunteer time off and our donation matching program. We value different perspectives and believe that our associates and their best ideas thrive when everyone feels a sense of belonging. We have a number of initiatives to strengthen and further cultivate our culture. As an example, our voluntary business resource groups, which cover a broad array of associates and are open to all, make us stronger by promoting inclusion and cultural awareness, accelerating associate engagement, retention and career development, helping build relationships in our communities, and promoting the conservation and restoration of natural resources. 13 At ADP, we are committed to upholding fair and equitable pay. Pay equity is critical to creating a culture that enables all associates to reach their full potential. We make pay decisions based on skills, experience, the market value of the job and performance. We have incorporated regular pay equity reviews into our compensation decisions. And, we do not ask candidates to provide their salary history in most of the countries where we operate. Our commitment to supporting and empowering our associates at work has led to recognition across the globe, including Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies (20 consecutive years); Forbes’ World's Best Employers; Fortune’s America’s Most Innovative Companies; Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies; TIME’s World’s Best Companies; Wall Street Journal' s Best Companies for the Future; and Newsweek’s Most Trustworthy Companies in America. Our Talent Strategy Our talent strategy is simple – we aim to attract, develop and retain ambitious, passionate and overall top talent by offering a place where our associates can grow their careers, challenge themselves, share generously, take risks, and create positive change. This has allowed us to be recognized by esteemed organizations as an employer of choice year after year. We invest in our team members so that they have the skills necessary to succeed and grow their careers. The ADP talent journey begins with an innovative, engaging and comprehensive onboarding process followed by extensive training and mentorship. Thereafter, our associates can access a wide range of professional and functional skills training to further continue and enhance performance and career development. Our sales professionals are provided with training programs and tools throughout their careers, and we also provide our technologists with access to training and experiences in the latest technologies on the market. We know our people leaders have tremendous impact on the experiences of our associates and clients, and on the growth of our business. As such, we invest in a leadership development strategy that uses innovative approaches to support new and experienced leaders with formal learning, tools to understand and engage their team, and in the moment support during moments that matter. Additionally, our succession planning process deploys leaders to new career experiences that help ensure we are developing leaders that will deliver results now and in the future. Our Benefits and Health and Wellness Programs The wide range of benefits and health and wellness programs we offer contribute to an environment where all our associates add to our success. Our associates receive a competitive benefits package, intended to help them enjoy physical, emotional and financial and be productive members of their teams. While exact benefits vary by associate and region, they typically include health care coverage, a 401(k) plan with company matching contributions for U.S. associates, life insurance, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. We particularly emphasize benefits that support individual and family needs (parental leave, adoption/fertility benefits and caregiver support), and constantly update our programs according to our associates’ needs. We offer physical and mental wellness programs that help our team pursue a healthy lifestyle and reduce absenteeism and lost time due to injuries. Our efforts include a health and safety manual and website, safety education and training, and a wellness program that rewards associates for completing wellness activities. Physical and mental health initiatives vary across regions, but can include personal health checks, nutrition and fitness expert visits offering free consultation and programs, employee mental wellness assistance programs, free counseling and mental health therapy assistance for associates, wellness programming through our business resource groups, and mindfulness classes. Available Information Our corporate website, www.adp.com , provides materials for investors and information about our solutions and services. ADP’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings of Stockholders are made available, free of charge, on our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . The content on any website referenced in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. 14 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion includes a number of statements. You should refer to the description of the qualifications and limitations on statements in the first paragraph under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Item 1. Business—Competition" of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The risks described below are not the only risks we face and the occurrence of any of the following risks or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS Failure to comply with, compliance with or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations described in the “Industry Regulation” section in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations or client solutions and services could cause us to incur substantial costs or could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, and lawsuits, including class actions, that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. For example, a change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities would adversely impact average client balances and, thereby, adversely impact interest income from investing client funds before such funds are remitted to the applicable tax authorities. Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations or rulings or the interpretation thereof could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our net income. In addition, changes in federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits (including the of such laws) could adversely impact our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States realize tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities. Changes in laws or regulations have caused, and could in the future cause, us to modify our client funds investment strategy, which may reduce the interest income earned on such funds. Changes in laws, or interpretations thereof, that govern the arrangement between a professional employer organization and its worksite employees may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our PEO business. In addition, changes in the manner in which health and welfare plans sponsored by PEOs or the TotalSource Health and Welfare Plan, in particular, are regulated could adversely impact the demand for our PEO offering. Because our PEO is a with our PEO clients and a Certified PEO by the Internal Revenue Service, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer with respect to Worksite Employees ( “ WSE”), including with respect to their wages and the payment thereof, tax credits for employers, the payment of certain taxes with respect to WSE wages and employee benefits provided to the WSEs. Even though PEO clients are contractually responsible for the timely remittance of such costs, it is possible that our clients will not remit such payments despite their contractual obligations. The risk of failing to receive such payments from PEO clients is magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of PEO clients may bank at the time, or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any payments not timely remitted and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. For our PEO to sponsor many of its employee benefit plan offerings, it must qualify as the employer of the WSEs under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA. Additionally, our PEO’s status as an employer for purposes of ERISA is important because ERISA preempts certain state laws that could limit our PEO’s ability to offer certain benefit plan offerings as we do today. The definition of employer under the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA is not uniform and there is no definitive judicial or legislative interpretation of employer in the context of PEOs. Because many of our PEO employee benefit plan offerings are subject to ERISA, our PEO must administer and operate these plans in accordance with ERISA requirements. We believe that our PEO benefit plans satisfy all applicable ERISA requirements, but if it were determined that the PEO benefit 15 plans fail to satisfy any such requirements, our PEO would likely be required to modify its current business model, and the PEO could be subject to material fines or penalties. Any such event could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. In addition, our payroll and tax processing services involve the collection and disbursement of a significant amount of funds to a large number of federal, state and local tax authorities. Our failure to properly or timely remit taxes on behalf of our clients could result in fines, penalties and interest for which we could be responsible, and could materially adversely affect our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. Our Wisely® offerings and potentially other future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may subject us to additional laws and regulations, some of which may not be uniform and may require us to modify or restrict our offerings and decrease our potential revenue and earnings. Failure to comply with laws and regulations, antitrust and competition laws and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, laundering laws and regulations, and similar laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Regulators worldwide continue to exercise a high level of scrutiny with respect to , antitrust and competition, economic and trade sanctions, and laundering laws and regulations. Such scrutiny has resulted in aggressive investigations and enforcement of such laws and regulations, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. We operate our business around the world and continue to expand globally, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Such laws generally prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign government officials and leaders of political parties and, in some cases, to other persons, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations, among others. In addition, some of our businesses and entities in the U.S. and a number of other countries in which we operate are subject to laundering laws and regulations, including, for example, The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (the “BSA”). Among other things, laundering laws and regulations require certain financial institutions, including banks and money services businesses (such as national trust banks and providers of prepaid access like us), to develop and implement laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. We have registered our prepaid card business as a provider of prepaid access, and registered ADP Trust Bank and ADP Retirement Trust Services with the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. ADP Canada Co. is registered as a Money Services Business with FINTRAC and a Payment Service Provider with the Bank of Canada. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable , antitrust and competition, economic and trade sanctions and laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable , antitrust and competition, economic and trade sanctions or laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Further, bank regulators continue to impose additional and stricter requirements on banks to ensure they are meeting their laundering obligations, and banks are increasingly viewing money services businesses and senders to be higher risk customers for money laundering. As a result, our banking partners that assist us in processing our money movement transactions may limit the scope of services they provide to us or may impose additional material requirements on us. These regulatory restrictions on banks and changes to banks’ internal policies and procedures may result in a decrease in the number of banks that may do business with us, may require us to materially change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business, may decrease our revenues and earnings and could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, storage, hosting, 16 transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices; give individuals certain access and correction rights with respect to their personal information; and regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), are among the most comprehensive of these laws, and more and more jurisdictions are adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions. As part of our overall data protection compliance program in connection with the GDPR, we implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as both a data processor and data controller, which permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in compliance with EU data protection laws. In addition, the Department of Justice implemented a Data Security Program under Executive Order 14117 restricting certain transfers of U.S. persons’ sensitive data to “countries of concern” and we have taken appropriate steps to comply. In addition, laws and regulations covering marketing, advertising, and email, telephone and text messaging communications, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, are applicable to our business. Claims that we have violated such laws or regulations could expose us to costly litigation, and if successful, significant statutory damages or other liabilities that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via AI and ML, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are continuing to integrate AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, to develop and deploy capabilities that are beneficial to our clients and their employees. However, legislation that governs the development and/or use of AI has been adopted or is under consideration in the U.S. at the state and local level, as well as abroad, most notably the European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act. In addition , frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or a client expectation. As a result, the ability to provide insights and otherwise leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws (including product liability regimes), regulatory or requirements or ethical considerations, including our own published, guiding ethical principles regarding AI and ML, that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data and/or these technologies in innovative ways. Our use of AI, including generative and agentic AI, in our products and operations also introduces additional risks, including risks related to accuracy, bias, discrimination, transparency, security, and privacy, that could expose us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, litigation and reputational damage. For example, if the data used to train a model or the model’s output is inaccurate or biased, or alleged to be inaccurate or biased, we could be subject to reputational damage or litigation. Complying with privacy, data protection, AI and cyber security laws and requirements, including the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR, our BCRs, U.S. state privacy laws, including the CPRA, and the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, may result in significant costs to our business and require us to amend certain of our business practices. Further, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. In addition, data security events, concerns about privacy abuses by other companies and increased awareness of the potential (positive and negative) of AI are changing client, consumer and social expectations for enhanced protections (including with respect to bias and potential discrimination). As a result, noncompliance, the failure to meet such expectations or the perception of noncompliance or such failure, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could materially adversely affect our business and our brand Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, clients, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property (including source code) could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a or other wrongful conduct by third parties or our personnel, or as a result of increased use of AI tools, including generative and agentic AI, by us or our vendors. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly and . Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, which may be successful. In addition, use of AI tools may result in the release 17 of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. We may be sued by third parties for infringement of their proprietary rights, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third parties, including our competitors, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our products or services and may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Additionally, as we expand our use of AI, there is uncertainty regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights of AI algorithms and content generated by AI and we may become subject to similar claims of infringement. We may be found to be infringing upon third party intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us or if we decide to settle, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, obtain licenses, modify applications, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our clients, vendors or partners in connection with any such claim or litigation. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation could be costly and . SECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal and business information, and collect, hold and transmit client funds, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses or operations, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors, our partners, and our employees, contractors and temporary staff, including payroll information, health care information, personal and business financial data, social security numbers and their foreign equivalents, bank account numbers, tax information and other personal and business information. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, tax authorities and other payees. We are focused on safeguarding and protecting personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, speed, complexity, sophistication and effectiveness (including due to the use of AI), and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. Certain of these unauthorized parties may be and/or supported by significant financial and technological resources. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because unauthorized parties (which could include our personnel) may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of, and the client funds that we collect and transmit. We have programs and processes in place designed to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, as a result of the complexity of our operating environment, the period over which hardware and software has been acquired or other reasons, our programs and processes may not be sufficient or adequate or may fail to prevent, detect or respond to a cybersecurity incident or identify and/or remediate a security vulnerability in our operating environment. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasingly more complex, sophisticated and effective (including due to the use of AI). As AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, continue to evolve, threat actors are increasingly leveraging these technologies to enhance the sophistication, scale, speed and effectiveness of cyberattacks making them more difficult to detect and defend against. The adoption and deployment of AI technologies within our and our authorized third parties’ solutions, services, and systems may also introduce novel security, data governance and operational risks. In addition, new computing technologies, including quantum computing, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we or our authorized third parties use or have used to encrypt and protect data. We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Hardware, software, applications or services that we develop or procure from authorized third parties, or are required by governmental or law enforcement agencies to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or in respect of third party software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our 18 systems. Unauthorized parties have also attempted to gain (and in certain cases have gained), and will continue to attempt to gain, access to our systems and facilities, and those of our authorized third parties, through fraud, trickery, and other methods of deceit, including using stolen identities to obtain employment with us or our authorized third parties as well as phishing and other social engineering techniques whereby attackers use behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems, our authorized third parties’ systems or otherwise compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve and increase (including due to the use of AI), we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our cybersecurity controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, as we become increasingly interconnected with our authorized third parties, the security risk of our networks and the larger ecosystem in which we operate is heightened. While our operating environments are designed to safeguard and protect confidential personal and business information, we do not have the ability to monitor the systems, personnel or physical facilities of, or the implementation or effectiveness of any safeguards by, our clients or our authorized third parties and, in any event, unauthorized parties have circumvented in the past, and may in the future be able to circumvent, those security measures. Information or system access obtained by unauthorized parties (which could include our personnel) resulting from successful attacks against our clients or our authorized third parties may, in turn, be used to attack and compromise our information technology systems, or result in production downtimes and operational disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, while we perform due diligence prior to acquisitions and take actions to safeguard the businesses that we acquire, these businesses may not have invested as significantly as we do in security and technology and may be more susceptible to cybersecurity incidents, which may make us more vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents as well. We have been, and expect we will continue to be, the subject of cybersecurity attacks, including unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, insider threats, and theft of sensitive information (including our intellectual property). Although none of the cybersecurity incidents that we have identified to date have materially affected us, including our business strategy, operations, results of operations, or financial condition, we continue to face significant known and unknown cybersecurity threats. In the future, a cybersecurity attack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, theft of or other sensitive information, exploitation of previously unknown " " vulnerabilities, or similar act by an unauthorized party (which could include our personnel) with respect to our businesses or our authorized third parties’ businesses, or inadvertent acts or inactions by our authorized third parties or personnel, could result in the loss, disclosure or misuse of confidential personal or business information or our intellectual property or the theft of client or ADP funds, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business or results of operations or that of our clients, result in liability, litigation, regulatory investigations and sanctions or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients, or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider. As the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, the security of our operating environment is ever more important to our clients and potential clients. As a result, the breach or perceived breach of our security systems or the security systems of our authorized third parties could result in a loss of confidence by our clients or potential clients and cause them to choose another service provider, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. While ADP maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant retention, is designed to address losses or claims that may arise in connection with certain aspects of data and cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of data and cyber risk. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations or reputation Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. From time to time in the past, these systems, applications or solutions have failed to operate properly or become disabled, and they may do so in the future. Any such failure or disablement, even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, errors, defects or any other factor(s), could result in financial loss, a disruption of our businesses or operations, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We have a global business resiliency program that includes disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or funds, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. In addition, the severity of the failure or disablement may require us to replace or rebuild the affected system(s), application(s) or solution(s) and we may be unable to do so before it materially adversely affects our business or operations. 19 A disruption of the data centers or or other technology services or systems that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition or results of operations We host our applications and serve our clients with data centers that we operate, and with data centers that are operated, and and other technology services and systems that are provided, by vendors. These data centers or and other technology services and systems have failed, become disabled or been disrupted, and may do so in the future. As our reliance on these services and systems increases, particularly on cloud computing platforms, our exposure to service interruptions and performance or quality issues could be impacted. Any failure, disablement or disruption, even for a limited period of time, could disrupt our businesses or operations and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, our vendors may cease providing data center facilities or or other technology services or systems (including those on which our products or services are based), elect to not renew their agreements or licenses with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, breach their agreements

[truncated]