BETA Close X Bellway p.l.c. announced that as of June 30, 2026, its issued ordinary share capital comprised 113,311,545 ordinary shares. The company holds no shares in treasury, and the Bellway Employee Benefit Trust holds 463,997 ordinary shares, from which it has waived voting rights and dividend entitlements. Consequently, the total number of voting rights in Bellway p.l.c. as of the reporting date is 112,847,548. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 01 July 2026 BELLWAY p.l.c. VOTING RIGHTS AND CAPITAL 1 JULY 2026 In accordance with DTR 5.6.1R, Bellway p.l.c. announces that, a s at 30 June 2026, Bellway p.l.c.'s ordinary issued share capital consisted of 113,311,545 ordinary shares of 12.5 pence each ("Ordinary Shares"). Bellway p.l.c. does not hold any shares in Treasury. As at the date of this announcement, The Bellway Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT") holds 463,997 Ordinary Shares. The EBT has waived its right to exercise the voting rights and to receive dividends in respect of these Ordinary Shares. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in Bellway p.l.c. as at 30 June 2026 is 112,847,548. Name of contact and telephone number for queries: Phil Hope Group Finance Director and Company Secretary Bellway p.l.c. Tel: 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and