BETA Close X Bellway PLC announced that its Employee Benefit Trust purchased 48,893 ordinary shares on April 10, 2026, at an average price of £20.3105 per share, costing approximately £992,500. These shares will be held by the trust for employee share awards and options, with executive directors and other employees being potential beneficiaries. Following this transaction, the EBT will hold 463,997 shares, and the total number of voting rights in the company, excluding the EBT shares, is 115,692,374 out of a total issued share capital of 116,156,371 ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 13 April 2026 BELLWAY p.l.c. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT TRUST SHARE PURCHASE 13 APRIL 2026 Bellway p.l.c. (the "Company") announces that it has been notified that on the 10 April 2026 Howells Trustees Limited, acting as trustee of the Bellway p.l.c. Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT"), purchased 48,893 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company at an average cost of £20.3105 per share. The shares will be held in the EBT, which is a discretionary trust for the benefit of the Group's employees and will ultimately be used to satisfy share awards and options granted under the Company's various share incentive arrangements. The Executive Directors and Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility of the Company, together with other employees, are included in the potential beneficiaries of the EBT and are therefore treated as having an interest in some of those shares and the dealings thereof. Immediately following settlement of the above transaction, the EBT will hold 463,997 ordinary shares ("EBT Shares"). The Company's issued share capital as at 13 April 2026 consists of 116,156,371 ordinary shares of 12.5 pence each with voting rights. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury and has waived its right to exercise its voting rights and to receive dividends in respect of the EBT Shares . Therefore, the total number of voting rights is 115,692,374. Name of contact and telephone number for queries: Phil Hope Group Finance Director and Company Secretary Bellway p.l.c. Tel: 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and