BETA Close X JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. has notified Bellway PLC of a change in its holdings, with the resulting situation on March 30, 2026, falling below the minimum notification threshold for voting rights attached to shares and financial instruments. Previously, the entity held 4.914610% of voting rights attached to shares and 0.118190% through financial instruments, totaling 5.032800%. The notification was made on March 31, 2026, following the acquisition or disposal of voting rights. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 01 April 2026 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN GB0000904986 Issuer Name BELLWAY P L C UK or Non-UK Issuer UK 2. Reason for Notification An acquisition or disposal of voting rights 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. City of registered office (if applicable) Wilmington Country of registered office (if applicable) United States of America 4. Details of the shareholder Full name of shareholder(s) if different from the person(s) subject to the notification obligation, above City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 30-Mar-2026 6. Date on which Issuer notified 31-Mar-2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Position of previous notification (if applicable) 4.914610% 0.118190% 5.032800% 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) GB0000904986 Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Sub Total 8.A Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 2. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entities (please add additional rows as necessary) Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, Inc 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information Chain of controlled undertakings: JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc JPMorgan Asset Management International Limited (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc. (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, Inc. (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc. (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited (100%) 12. Date of Completion 31-Mar-2026 13. Place Of Completion Hyderabad, India This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and