BETA Close X Bellway PLC announces the appointment of Philip Harrison as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective July 1, 2026, who will also join the Audit, Nomination, and Remuneration Committees and become Chair of the Audit Committee. Harrison brings extensive finance leadership experience, including over ten years as CFO at Balfour Beatty plc, and currently holds 2,019 shares in Bellway. This appointment is expected to benefit the company due to his financial expertise in the listed company environment. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 30 April 2026 Bellway p.l.c. (the "Company") Appointment of Non-Executive Director The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Philip Harrison as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 1 July 2026. He will also be appointed as a member of the Audit, Nomination, and Remuneration Committees with effect from the same date. Philip will become Chair of the Audit Committee ahead of Ian McHoul retiring from the Board at this year's AGM in November. Philip has extensive finance leadership and strategy experience across several sectors, including construction. He has been Chief Financial Officer at Balfour Beatty plc for more than ten years and will step down from their Board on the 7 May 2026. Prior to this he spent three years as Group Finance Director at both Hogg Robinson Group plc and VT Group plc. He was a Non-Executive Director at Dowlais Group plc from February 2023 to February 2026 where he was Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committees. John Tutte, Chair of Bellway p.l.c. commented: "We are delighted to welcome Phil Harrison to our Board and look forward to working with him as we continue to drive the Company forward. His breadth of experience, together with his financial expertise in the listed company environment, will be of great benefit to Bellway. We would also like to thank Ian McHoul for his unwavering commitment to the business during his nine-year tenure and in particular his significant contribution as Chair of the Audit Committee." There are no additional matters that would require disclosure in respect of Philip Harrison or pursuant to 6.4.8R of the Listing Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. At the date of this notification, Philip Harrison holds 2,019 shares in the Company. Name of contact and telephone number for queries: Phil Hope Group Finance Director and Company Secretary Bellway p.l.c. Tel: 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and