BETA Close X Bellway PLC announces the admission of 21,326 ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market, issued under its Savings Related Share Option Scheme. These shares, with a nominal value of 12.5p each, are fungible with existing ordinary shares. Following this issuance, the total number of ordinary shares admitted to trading is now 114,625,495. The shares were issued and admitted to trading at various dates between April 9, 2026, and May 27, 2026, under previous block admissions. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 29 May 2026 BELLWAY p.l.c. ("the Company") - Admission to Trading 29 May 2026 The Company announces that, in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market (PRM) sourcebook 1.6.4R, the following shares have been admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange under the Company's existing block admissions of shares pursuant to their allotment under the Company's Savings Related Share Option Scheme (SRSOS). 1a Name of issuer: Bellway p.l.c. 1b Legal entity identifier (LEI) of issuer: 213800CY4L3HST4FGZ98 2 Regulated market: London Stock Exchange (XLON): Main Market 3 Name, type and ISIN of the shares: Ordinary shares of 12.5p each GB0000904986 4 Number of further shares admitted to trading covered by this notification: 21,326 Ordinary shares in respect of the Bellway Savings Related Share Option Scheme 2023 (2023 SRSOS) 5 Total number of shares admitted to trading following the issuance: 114,625,495 6 Confirmation that the new shares are fungible with existing ordinary shares already admitted to trading: Confirmed 7 Date range covered by the notification and admission to trading: Issued and admitted to trading at various dates between 9 April 2026 to 27 May 2026. All issued shares covered by this notification were admitted to trading under previous block admissions. 8 Name of contact: Phil Hope Group Finance Director and Company Secretary 9 Telephone number of contact: 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and