BETA Close X Bellway PLC has completed the second £75 million tranche of its initial £150 million share buyback programme, repurchasing 3,894,531 shares for cancellation. The company is now launching an initial £50 million tranche of a new share buyback programme, which is expected to conclude by April 2027, with the total FY27 shareholder returns to be announced in October 2026. These buybacks are intended to return surplus capital to shareholders and reduce the Group's share capital. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 01 September 2026 Bellway p.l.c. Share Buyback Programme Update 1 September 2026 Completion of Second Tranche of £150 million Initial Share Buyback Programme Bellway p.l.c. ('Bellway' or the 'Group') announces that the second £75 million tranche of the £150 million initial share buyback programme (the 'Initial Buyback Programme'), announced on 14 October 2025, has now completed. Bellway entered into a non-discretionary agreement with Deutsche Bank AG to conduct the second tranche of the Initial Buyback Programme on Bellway's behalf (as announced on 2 April 2026). As of 28 August 2026 3,894,531 shares had been purchased for cancellation, at a cost of £75 million (excluding stamp duty and expenses). Launch of Initial £50 million Tranche of Second Share Buyback Programme Bellway also confirms that, as announced in its Trading Update on 11 August 2026, the Board has approved a further £50 million share buyback (the 'Second Buyback Programme') which will represent the initial tranche of the Group's anticipated shareholder returns for FY27. The total level of FY27 shareholder returns will be announced with the Group's Full Year Results in October 2026, following the Board's review of capital allocation priorities and prevailing market conditions. The Second Buyback Programme will commence today. Bellway has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with Citigroup Global Markets Limited ('Citi') to conduct the Second Buyback Programme on its behalf. Under this arrangement, Citi will act as principal and make trading decisions independently from the Group in accordance with certain pre-set parameters. The maximum aggregate consideration under the initial tranche of the Second Buyback Programme is £50 million (excluding stamp duty and expenses). The purpose of the Second Buyback Programme is to return surplus capital to shareholders and reduce the Group's share capital. As such, all ordinary shares repurchased by the Group under the Second Buyback Programme will be cancelled. It is expected that the initial tranche of the Second Buyback Programme will be completed by 30 April 2027. Share purchases under the Second Buyback Programme will take place in open market transactions and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price and trading volumes. The Second Buyback Programme will be effected under the authority granted by shareholders at the Group's 2025 Annual General Meeting held on 27 November 2025 and, accordingly, the maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under both Buyback Programmes is 11,899,426 ordinary shares. Therefore, since 3,894,531 ordinary shares were repurchased under the Initial Buyback Programme, the maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under the Second Buyback Programme is 8,004,895 ordinary shares. The Second Buyback Programme will be conducted in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 as it forms part of UK domestic law, as well as applicable laws and the regulations of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (including Chapter 9 of the Listing Rules). Details of any shares repurchased under the Second Buyback Programme will be announced on a weekly basis in accordance with applicable UK regulatory requirements. Bellway will make further announcements in due course following the buyback of shares. Note there is no guarantee that the Second Buyback Programme will be implemented in full. For further information, please contact: Bellway p.l.c. Shane Doherty, Chief Financial Officer 0191 217 0717 Phil Hope, Group Finance Director and Company Secretary 0191 217 0717 Gavin Jago, Group Investor Relations Director 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 2 hours ago Audioboom Group 15 hours ago Legal & General Group 17 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and