About Us

Financial and Strategic Summary

In This Report

About Us
00 _ Financial and Strategic Summary

00 _In This Report

00 _Who We Are

00 __ Investment Case

Group revenue (£m)

£3,122.5m.

+40.3%

Strategic Report
00 _ Principal KPIs

00 Chairman's Statement

00 _ASnapshot of 2021

00 Business Model

00 _ Key Stakeholder Relationships

00 Our Marketplace
00 Our Strategy

00 Chief Executive's Market and Operational Review

00 Group Finance Director's Review

00 __ Principal Risks

00 _ Risk Management
00 Corporate Responsibility

00 _ Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Governance
00 Board of Directors and Group General Counsel
& Company Secretary

00 _Chairman’s Statement on Corporate Governance

00 _ Board Leadership and Division of Responsibilities
00 _ Nomination Committee Report

00 Audit Committee Report

00 Remuneration Report

00 Directors’ Report

00 Independent Auditor's Report

Accounts
00 _Group Income Statement

00 Group Statement of Comprehensive Income

00 _ Statements of Changes in Equity

Profit before taxation (£m)

£479.0m

+102.4%

Naa NOY \ 207

Average selling price ()

£306,479

44.6%

291,968 293,054 306475

NL RLY EB

Order book value as at
31 July (£m)

£2,022.3m.

414.9%

2.0223

00 Balance Sheets

00 Cash Flow Statements

00 Accounting Policies

00 _Notes to the Financial Statements

Other Information
00__ Alternative Performance Measures

00 __ Five Year Record

00 Glossary

00 Advisers and Group General Counsel & Company Secretary

00__ Shareholder Analysis

00 _ Financial Calendar

Notes

Throughout the Annual Report and Accounts, underlying relers to any financial stalernent

_measure whichis belore net legacy building salety expense and exceptional items.

1. Bellway uses a range of siatutory performance measures and alternative performance
measures wien reviewing the perlormance ol the Group agains! is srategy. Definitions of
the alternative performance measures, and a reconciiation to statutory performance
measures, are included in note [XX|

2.Allfigures relating to completions, order book, reservations, cancellations and average
selling price exclude the Group's share of its joint ventures unless otherwise stated.

3. Asmeasured by the Home Builders’ Federation Customer Satislaction survey.

4. Underiying refers to any statutory performance measure or alternative performance
measure belore net legacy building safety expense and exceptional lems (note x)

5. Includes the Group's share ol land contracted through joint venture partners comprising
£882 plots (2020 - 203 plots, 2019 - 17 plots with a contract value of £392 milion (2020 ~
£153 millon, 2019 - £57 milion) across two sites (2020 - ¥ site, 2019 - Ist).

6 Includes the Group's share of land owned and controlled through joint venture partners
comprising 938 plots (2020 - 472 plots, 209 - 272 plois.

7. Comparatives are for he year ended 31 July 2020 or as at 31 July 2020 (2020) or are for
the year ended 31 July 2019 or as at 31 July 2019 (2019) unless otherwise stated.

Plots contracted in the
year (plots)®

19,819 plots

+63.5%

19819

Total owned and controlled
land bank (plots)

56,171 plots

+24.7%

aor

About Us

Who We Are |

Building homes to be proud
of by putting customers at the
heart of everything we do.
Bellway is committed to being a
responsible homebuilder, operating
our business in an ethical and
sustainable manner whilst
creating long-term value for the
benefit for our customers, people,
suppliers, shareholders and the
wider community.

Better with
Bellway

For further details on our business please visit:

www.bellwayplc.co.uk

Bellway p.Le. Annual Report and Accounts 2021
01

About Us

Who We Are

Our brands

Bellway
8,727

; Homessold

Bellway is our main brand. Bellway began as a small
| family business in 1946, with a passion for building high

quality homes in carefully selected locations inspired by;
the needs of families. To this day, we maintain these same
core values, combining our decades of expertise with the
local personalised care that Bellway is known for.

[Pe

Ashberry

‘Homes

693

Homes sold

The Ashberry brand was launched in 2014 and is offered’ —
on larger sites, typically alongside our Bellway brand,

to provide two differentiated outlets, using different
elevational treatments and internal layouts, and therefore
offering greater customer choice. This has the advantage

of improving sales rates, often more than can be achieved
through using two Bellway outlets, with a resultant
improvement in return on capital employed (‘RoCE’)

718

Homes sold

Bellway London was launched in 2018 to provide the
London market with a modern and consistent identity
that is recognisable across the capital. This covers all our
developments in London boroughs, with our main focus
being outer London boroughs and commuter towns
within the M25. Properties range from one-bedroom
apartments to four-bedroom houses. |

a
—_
ne

i
|
|

'
' Our locations
Divisional structure

ih ne J
rey ad
x
, ah = |
% »

fo . wee
Mature divisions

Newer divisions

Notto scate }

We currently operate from 22 divisions covering the main
population centres across England, Scotland and Wales.

Our divisional structure allows local management
teams to respond to specific demands in their area and,
through their detailed local knowledge, acquire landon ,
which to design and build homes that meet or exceed
the expectations of our customers and contribute to
creating strong local communities.

The divisional teams are supported by our Regional
* Chairmen and by our specialist Group teams.

Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

02

About Us

ER Investment Case : TEE

Bellway’s strategy is to grow shareholder value through sustainable and disciplined volume growth, utilising the Group's
operational and balance sheet capacity combined with a strong focus on ROCE.

Our award-winning homes

We build high quality homes designed to complement the
style of existing local architecture in communities that meet
local demand and enhance the area in which they are built.
With a range that extends from one-bedroom apartments

to six-bedroom family homes, we offer an extensive choice
from which customers can choose a property that meets their
individual requirements. We also provide homes to housing
associations for social housing

Our focus is to provide desirable, traditional family housing
across alll our divisions and in addition provide apartments
in the more affordable outer commuter zones of London.

Our people
Our people are the key to our success and we aim to
provide them with a rewarding and fuliilling career.

Bellway has long had a reputation as a good employer,
taking an interest in its workforce and supporting career
development As a result, many employees have spent a large
proportion of their working lives with us. However, we are not
complacent and strive to be an employer of choice.

Our capacity for growth

Despite the wider economic uncertainty because of Brexit
and the continuing pandemic, Bellway is in a robust position,
with a motivated and dedicated workforce. We benefit from
a strong, ungeared! balance sheet, a record order book and
have the capability to respond to evolving market conditions.
Our underlying operational strength and focus on quality,
together with a conservative and responsible approach to
managing the business, will serve the Group well over the
longer-term.

snynoqy

Our business

We are committed to being a responsible homebuilder.

Our aim is to operate our business in an ethical and
sustainable manner while at the same time building attractive,
desirable and sustainable developments in which customers
want to live, in harmony with existing communities.

As one of the UK's largest homebuilders, we have an
important role to play in addressing the national housing
shortage by building high quality homes in desirable locations.
We work with a range of stakeholders to build trust so that

we can fulfil this role whilst at the same time operating our
business in a socially responsible, ethical and sustainable way.

Our customers

We pride ourselves on understanding the aspirations of

all of our customers, not just in the type of home that suits
their needs, but the environment in which they want to

live. All of our customers are treated to the same high level

of customer service. Our high standard of service and

build quality is endorsed by our customers, with 9 out of 10
customers saying they would recommend Bellway to a friend
buying a new home. Our new Customer First initiative drives
improvements to quality and works to develop and share
best practice across the Group to further enhance our service
to customers.

5 Star Homebuilder”
Rating from the Home Builders Federation Customer
Satisfaction survey

Bellway pile. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic Report

Principal KPIs

The Group has ten principal KPIs, which are shown below. Our secondary
performance measures, which support these KPIs, are shown on pages [XX to XX].

Number of homes sold (homes) 10,892 Net asset value per ordinary
10,138 share (p)” 2372 2,427
10,138 homes 7522 2 6 6 4
434.8% 9 p
49.8%
RE
This KPI demonstrates how weil the business model is able to support the The Directors consider net asset value per ordinary share (‘NAV’) to be a useful .
Group's strategy of delivering volume growth. proxy when reviewing whether shareholder value, on a share by share basis,

has increased or decreased in the period.

Operating profit (Em) 674g Underlying operating

£479.7m =. £531.5m
El:
Loy NAZI \ DA

Operating profit is another measure of how efficiently the business is being operated and of the profitability of the Group's core business. The underlying operating
Profit is one of the measures used to determine the Directors’ annual bonus payment. Underlying operating profit is before net legacy building safety expense and
exceptional items.

Operating margin (%)" 20 Underlying operating margin 20
te}
15.4% 17.0%

+420bps
+250bps

a NE a

Operating margin demonstrates how efficiently the business is being operated. Underlying operating profit is before net legacy building safety expense and
exceptional items,

Return on capital 207 Underlying return on capital 247
employed (%)" employed (%)"

15.2% 16.9%

+690bps

Return on capital employed (ROCE’) is a key indicator of how we are delivering our strategy of building shareholder value, which is reliant on land acquisition and the
subsequent performance of our developments. Underiying ROCE uses the underlying operating profit as defined above.

Earnings per ordinary share(p) —_ 4378 lend per ordinary

nd i 117.5p
| a |
Neo Nqzozey \ 20717 OF NO ae

Earnings per ordinary share (‘EPS) is a useful measure of how profitable This is another useful indicator of how the Directors are delivering the strategy
Beliway is, year on year. of generating shareholder value, particularly when combined with NAV. Note
that the 2021 final dividend figure is proposed.

Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

04

Strategic Report

ESG KPIs

The Group has nine ESG related KPIs, which are shown below. Further information
in relation to these KPI's are included in the CR section pages [X to X].

Tonnes of carbon emissions 28 Percentage of 692
per legal completion (tonnes) renewable electricity (%)

19 tonnes 69.2%

-0.9 tonnes +4,510 bps
a
A
.5
Demonstrates how the Group is working towards reducing our carbon This KPI demonstrates the Group's commitment to using renewable eneray in 2
emissions the build process. 3

Percentage of waste diverted
from landfill (%)

99.4%

Tonnes of waste per
home built (tonnes)

8 9 tonnes

-2.3 tonnes +30 bps

Ly Noy
‘Show’s the Group's commitment to efficient build methods and reducing Indicates the Group's commitment to diverting waste from the build process
waste. from lanai.

CRUK fundraising total (£m)

£1.95m

+£359k

Percentage of staff in earning
and learning roles

8.5%

+0.2%

ca N20 oy Naa
Indicates the cumulative fundraising total for our charity partner Cancer This KPI highlights the Group’s commitment to investing in our people.
Research UK.

RIDDOR incident rates

336.5

Employee engagement
survey response rate (%)

72%

4133.4
wa wa
BBS NE
Number of RIODOR seven-day reportable incidents per 100,000 site operatives This KPI show's the percentage completion rate of the employee survey
{accidents). A measure of the Groups Health and Safety performance. (Launched for the first time in 2020,
r ilder®

( ) Link to remuneration - see pages [XX to XXL 5 Star homebuilder™ score (%) 926 923 235

93.5%

le (o)
+120 bps

NT
This KPI show's the percentage of buyers who would recommend Bellway to
alriend

Bellway p.Le. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

05

Strategic Report

@ The Group is recovering

‘ well from the pandemic and
looking ahead, Bellway is

in a robust position, witha
motivated:and dedicated

workforce.

Paul Hampden Smith
Chairman

Highlights

Total dividend (p) NAV (p)

(2020: 50.0p) (2020: 2,427p)

ro

1175p 2,664p'

ae ; eee

Chairman's Statement

Introduction

Bellway has delivered a strong set of results and, despite the
ongoing global pandemic, is well on the road to recovery.
The positive response and actions from our colleagues,
subcontractors and suppliers have helped the Group
complete the sale of 10,138 homes (2020 - 7,522, 2019 -
10,892), restore housing revenue to just 2.3% below the pre-
pandemic level and increase earnings per share by 102.4%
to 316.9p (2020 - 156.6p, 2019 - 437.8p).

Our people

It is the hard work, dedication, and efforts of those who have
worked for, and with, Bellway over the past year, that have
enabled us to achieve this strong performance. On behalf
of the Board, | would like to express our gratitude to all

those who have contributed to this result, for their resilience,
ongoing commitment, and their support for the continuous
evolution in working practices.

Strategic priorities

The past financial year has been a period over which

the Group has enjoyed a strong recovery, with housing
revenue restored very close to 2019 levels and our land bank
‘strengthened because of our front-footed, but responsible
approach to investment.

The balance sheet is solid, and we retain our strong
operational focus, with health and safety, quality, and
customer service all integral to our culture and at the forefront
of our business. We look to the new financial year with
‘optimism, as we set out our three strategic priorities

@ 1. Volume growth
2. Value creation for shareholders

3. Better with Bellway
our approach to responsible and sustainable

business practices, for the benefit of
all stakeholders

Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

06

Strategic Report

“i Volume growth

The long-term housing market fundamentals continue to be
favourable. There remains a shortage of affordably priced,
good-quality housing across many parts of the country and
the planning environment is positive. There is a sustainable
supply of mortgages, and this, together with the long-term
prospect for low interest rates, ensures that finance for new
homes remains both accessible and affordable.

Set against this backdrop, Bellway has an established and
mature operating structure, with a widespread geographical
presence, comprising 22 divisions across England, Scotland
and Wales. This strong, nationwide platform provides
extensive local market knowledge and the base from which
to acquire land, source subcontractor labour and respond to
localised sales demand. It has enabled Bellway to operate as
the fourth largest housebuilder in the country for many years,
with a current volume output of more than 10,000 homes
per annum. This is some 35% to 45% lower than the recent
peak output of our larger, national peers, providing scope for
Bellway to continue to grow and take a larger share of the
overall housing market.

In the context of these positive, broader market dynamics,
Bellway has the capacity, over several years, to significantly
increase volume output to between 16,000 and 18,000
homes per annum, with the growth rate in any given year
determined by customer demand, ongoing positivity in the
mortgage market, and access to good quality land. This is
beyond our previous target of 14,000 homes, principally
because of the strong long-term market fundamentals and
our capacity, both financially and operationally, to open
new divisions and make further investment in areas of
strong demand.

In the shorter-term, the Board are targeting growth of around
20% above the 31 July 2021 outturn of 10,138 homes, with an
annual output of around 12,200 new homes in financial year
2023. Principally, this can be achieved because of our record
land investment over the past twelve months, which will lead
to outlet growth as the newly acquired sites are advanced
through the planning system. The growth in outlets will also
help to place Bellway in a good position to mitigate the end
of the Help-to-Buy scheme in March 2023. While ambitious,
our two-year volume target is considered and reflects the
strength of our underlying business, the magnitude of

‘our sizeable order book and the ongoing success of the
COVID-19 vaccine roll-out.

Crucial to the success of our volume growth strategy is our
ability to deliver value for shareholders. The Board believes
that value generation is best evaluated through capital
growth, by increasing the net asset value per share (‘NAV’),
together with the payment of a regular dividend.

For the year ended 31 July 2021, NAV rose by 9.8% to 2,664p!
(2020 - 2,427p, 2019 - 2,372p), a reflection of the recovery in
earnings. In addition, because of our strong balance sheet,
the Board is delighted to recommend a 65.0% increase in the
final dividend to 82.5p per share (2020 - S0.0p, 2019 - 100.0p).
This means that the proposed total dividend for the year will
increase by 135.0% to 1175p per share (2020 - SO.0p, 2019 -
1504p), with the interim’ dividend in the prior year cancelled
due to uncertainty at the time, because of the pandemic.

If approved, the overall dividend will be covered 27 times!
by total earnings (2020 - 31, 2019 - 2.9) and 3.0 times! by
underlying earnings (2020 - 41, 2019 - 29).

Given the growth potential in the business, reinvesting
capital into attractive, high-return land opportunities will
generate strong, compounding returns in the years ahead.
This will be balanced with a regular shareholder cash
distribution, through an ongoing dividend, with the Board
broadly expecting to maintain an annual, ordinary dividend
cover of around 3 times underlying earnings” for the
foreseeable future.

Over the next two years, the value for shareholders arising
from this approach will not only be influenced by volume
growth, but also the ongoing operating margin recovery,
driven by recent, higher margin land acquisitions and.

our programme of commercial, cost saving and value
engineering initiatives. At the same time, there will be some,
previously highlighted, dilutive effect on the average selling
price, as the Group continues to strategically reposition itself
to offer an affordable mix of product, in advance of the expiry
of the Help-to-Buy scheme in March 2023.

Taking these factors into consideration, the Board expects
Bellway to generate around £1.25 billion in cumulative,
underlying profit before taxation over the next two financial
years, with approximately one-third of the after-tax amount to
be distributed to shareholders.

Bellway p.lc. Annual Repost and Accounts 2021

07

yoday 216725

Strategic Report

Chairman's Statement continued

ci Better with Bellway

Our growth strategy is a long-term ambition, the success of
which requires us to engage positively with our colleagues,
subcontractors and supply chain partners in order to safely
deliver a high-quality product, that is appealing to our
customers.

Integral to our culture is our responsible approach to.
business and in that regard, we are developing ‘Better

with Bellway’, a new long-lasting initiative, led by Executive
Management and overseen by the Board. Not only will this
add momentum to the many positive activities we already
undertake, which benefit our wider stakeholder groups, but it
will also spearhead our campaign to adopt more sustainable
and responsible, long-term business practices.

We are delighted to have retained our status as a five-star
homebuilder? for the fifth consecutive year, demonstrating
our commitment to quality and customer service. We also
continue to act responsibly with regards to fire safety and
have put aside an additional net £51.8 million to deal with
legacy building safety issues on apartment schemes.

More widely, adopting sustainable business practices and
exerting a positive influence on our stakeholders and the
environment, is not only responsible, but it also sets a solid
foundation for the future financial and operational success of
Bellway. The Board has initiated a holistic review of Bellway’s
approach to sustainability, engaging with a wide range of
stakeholders to understand their priorities, to determine

how our approach can be improved. This review will be
completed within the next financial year, but the intention is
that our response to environmental, societat and governance
(‘ESG’) matters will be brought together under the ‘Better with
Bellway’ banner.

‘Better with Bellway’ will become an integral feature of our
approach to business and will be embedded within our

core operational processes, We will start by building upon
our existing, strong culture and traditions to establish a set

of ESG priorities, which are core to day-to-day operations.
These will incorporate existing initiatives such as ‘Customer
First’, our programme to further improve quality and customer
service, our goal to become an employer of choice and our
responsible stance towards legacy building safety issues.

In addition, our ‘Better with Bellway’ framework will also

be broadened to consider wider aspects of the business.
Importantly, we have commenced the process of measuring
our Scope 3 carbon.emissions so that we can set meaningful,
science-based carbon reduction targets. Our intention is not
just to comply.with ambitious regulatory requirements arising
from the Government's Future’ Homes Standard, but also to
look at the feasibility of pursuing other opportunities, within
our business, to'furthér reduce carbon emissions.

During 2022, we wilt publish"science-based carbion reduction
targets, which will build’upon the success we have already
achieved over'the past:three years,.in reducirig Scope 1 and 2
carbon emissions BST

Our sustainability strategy will continue to evolve as we gain
knowledge and fully embed ‘Better with Bellway’ across our
sites and divisioris. Over time though, we fundamentally 4
believe that our responsible approach is the right one to
ensure the long-{erm future success of the Group and to
contribute to strong; ongoing financial:returns.

We will report upon progress'and. priorities in the next
financial year and will also look to develop and publish
appropriate KPIs to measure performance against our targets.

Future long-term success

The Group is recovering well from the pandemic and looking
ahead, Bellway is in a robust position, with a motivated and
dedicated workforce. It benefits from a strong, ungearedl
balance sheet, a record order book, and a strengthened
land bank. Our focus on quality, our responsible approach
to business and our capacity to expand, lay the foundations
for long-term, sustainable volume growth. | am therefore
confident that our three strategic priorities of volume
growth, value creation for shareholders, and our ‘Better with
Bellway’ approach to sustainability, will continue to ensure
the ongoing and long-term success of Bellway and its
stakeholders.

Vow » Mea dn Susy
Paul Hampden Smith
Chairman

18 October 2021

Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

08

Strategic Report

Better at creating
outstanding properties

Ottermead in Ponteland, located on the site of the former Northumbria Police
Headquarters is a mixed development, featuring a collection of Grade II listed
buildings and new build homes.

The collection of Grade I! listed buildings have been sympathetically restored
and redeveloped to create beautiful family homes, while retaining some
historical internal features.

Better with
Bellway

Bellway pic. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

09

Strategic Report

A Snapshot of 2021

An exciting year
for Bellway...

1. Astrong year for land acquisition

Bellway has invested a record amount in new sites during
the year. This reflects the strong demand for good quality
housing and has resulted in a strengthened land bank,
providing a solid platform for ongoing growth and margin
improvment in the years ahead.

The focus has been on acquiring land in desirable locations
with high customer demand, where the product is affordable
in the context of local market conditions.

The contract value of plots acquired is £1,066.0 million>
(2020 - £7777 million) and the anticipated gross margin,
based upon revenue and cost at the time of acquisition,
is on average 23%

Contracted sites®

109 sites

(2020: 69 sites)

Plots contracted®

19,819 plots

(2020: 12,124 plots)

2. Developing young talent

This year saw the first cohort from the Bellway graduate
scheme transition into permanent roles across the business.

To mark the successful completion of the first Bellway
graduate scheme and the contribution the graduates have
made to the business a ‘Graduate of the Year’ award has
been created. To celebrate their success the winner will
attend the employee award events in November.

3. Successfully adapting to COVID-19 restrictions
Bellway has well established ‘COVID-safe’ enhanced working
procedures for both sites and offices. These practices,
supported by risk assessments, have ensured employees’
safety and wellbeing

Regular communications have kept our people up-to-
date with the Group's plans and response to the latest
Government guidelines

4, Using modern methods of construction

Bellway are trialing modern methods of construction to
deliver homes. The use of modern methods of construction
ensures that a higher proportion of the project building
materials are assembled within a controlled factory
environment, increasing delivery speed and reducing the risk
of adverse weather impact.

Bellway p.Le. Annual Report and Accounts 2021