graphic removed

the better
way

Bellway plc.
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

image removed

SAEGSUZUZ*
28/11/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

Avani

graphic removed

better

Wa

the

At Bellway, we don’t just build homes.
We shape sustainable, lasting communities.

We create effective long-lasting partnerships
with suppliers and subcontractors.

We design environmentally-friendly
developments, protecting and
respecting nature.

We foster successful careers, to build for
the future. .

Weare a sector leading Employer of Choice.
‘Better with Bellway’

‘About Us

strategic Keport

‘overnance

‘accounts

Uinerinrofmation

In This Report

Business
Model

image removed

14

Chief
Executive's

Market and

Operational
Review

26

image removed

image removed

Previous Annual
Report and Accounts

Scanto view

the online
Annual

FRESCAE S024

S
‘Better with’Bellway’
Sustainability Strategy

image removed

Chair's Statement

on Corporate

Governance

image removed

86

‘Alligres eating to completions order book reservations,
‘ancelaions and average seling pce excuce he Croup
‘hare ot jontventures unles otherwise sec.

Betway uses ange salon pertomance measures

and ateraivesperlommance measures when resewing te
Beomance of te Gov against is svegy Defriions 6

the aernave performance measures and areconclaion
losauioy peromence meosures se neudedinecte 20h
the Group Francia Satemen’

3. Underlying eles to any sary perormance measure o

_teratve Detommance measure belere net legoy Bulng

sovopers eniner ecestoaliems (oles oun
arial Sateen}

Inches he Goup's share of ind owned and corotes
ttvough nt venure pares comoring 760 0

Beliway pilc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 01 SEU
Financial and Operational Highlights 2 ~ Governance
About Us Chairs Statement on 86
. Comorate Governance
Business at a Glance 08 Board of Directors and Company Secretary 88
Investment Case 10 Executive Committee a
; Leadership and Culture 3
Strategic Report Board Activities and Decisions 94
Chairs Statement @ earns s
Business Model 4 employees 08
The Marketplace 9 3
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Fa ; =
Key Performance indicatore(KPIs)__21_ Nomination Committee Report 705
‘Additional Performance Measures 25 Radi Commltiee Report 78
Chief Executive's Market and 6 Zz
Operational Reviews Remuneration Report 128
Chiet Financial Officer's Review 29 Sustainability Committee Report 150
Chief Commercial Officer's Review 33 Directors'Report__ 1S
‘Batterwith Belimay Sustamabllly Suategy 7 (ndependent Auditor's Report 185
ilway’Sustainabil
Better with Bellway’ Sustainability Strategy _ to the Members of Bellway p.l.c.
Better wih Belway Overview Ey
Customers and Communities 3 Accounts
Employer of Choice 40
Building Quality Homes Sale @% . Group Financial Statements 168
Charlable Engagement 4 ‘ecounting Policies 2
‘Sustainable Supply Chain 46 Notes to the Group Financial Statements vs
Carbon Reduction 48 Company Financial Statements 207
‘Task Force on Climate-related Financial 52 Accounting Policies 209
Disclosures (TOFD) Notes to the Company 210
Resource Eciency @ Financial Statements
Nature 62 Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures 214

a
508
plot
By

a
© __

5. As measures by he Home Bulders Federation using ne eh

(wet NHC Customer Stslacion survey

6 Thedenton oeaprl employed ras beer updated io deduct
net cath The comparaive figures or capa employed, ROCE
nd uncerying ROCE have herlore been restate tole
ths change (note 26)

7 Commparaves re rte year ended 31.uy 2024 or 959
Srduly 2024 (2028) unless oerwise Bates

‘Tasiforce on Nature-related Financial

6
Disclosures (TNF Other Information

Section 72 Statement 6

Key Stakeholder Relationships 69 Five YearRecord Bi
Risk Management 76 Glossary 22
Principal Rise {80 Advisers and Company Secretary 2a
‘Non-Financial and Sustainability 83 Shareholder Analysis and 235
Information Statement Financial Calendar

‘About Us pirategic Keport. Governance Accounts

‘utnerintormation Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 02 Aa LGU ad

Financial and Operational Highlights +

Revenue drivers . Financial highlights.
chart removed chart removed
chart removed “chart removed.

* The private reservation rate
per outlet per week, including

chart removed
bulk sales, of 0.57 was 11.8% ‘

higher than the prior year
(2024 - 0.51). The private
reservation rate excluding bulk
sales increased by 6.1% to 0.52
(2024 - 0.49).

chart removed

chart removed

chart removed

Key:
@® tink to remineration
Proposed into remuneration

chart removed

chart removed

chart removed

pirategic Keport Governance . accounts.

About Us

Uinerinrormation Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 03 ALS

Financial and Operational Highlights continued

Operational highlights

chart removed chart removed

chart removed chart removed

image removed

image removed

Members of construction team
at Clarence Gate, Bowburn.

* Reflecting the strength of our land bank and drive for capital efficiency,
we have continued with a disciplined approach to land acquisition
and contracted to purchase 8,120 plots (2024 - 4,621 plots) during
the year.

* The Group's new timber frame facility, ‘Bellway Home Space’, is
progressing to plan. Increased usage of timber frame construction will
deliver a range of operational, financial and environmental benefits,
and we are on track to begin supplying our divisions with frames in
early 2026

* Our ongoing focus on providing high-quality homes and service for
our customers has resulted in Bellway retaining its position as a five-
star$ homebuilder for the ninth consecutive year.

‘About Us prrategic Keport. —_Lovernance Accounts Uinerinrormation Bellway p.ic. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 04 AL

Better for

image removed

the way

our customers |

We don't just build homes, we build communities to be proud of. .
We create developments that bring people together.

_ We design homes for the way people live today. | I ve
We provide green spaces, play areas, and invest in local facilities

that bring communities together.

We build sustainably, thinking about the homes and
neighbourhoods we create, long after leaving the site.

About us strategic Report Governance Accounts Utierintormation “Beltway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 0S Aas LG) lad

A better
[——| and more

im»,  g$Ustainable

we take steps to reduce our
carbon footprint.

We are expanding the use of
timber frame construction.

We adopt new technologies that way

will pave the way to a world that a
can be free of fossil fuels. image removed
We are building for a

sustainable future.

AboutUs dirategic Keport_ © Wovernance Accounts Uinerintormation Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 06

Better for

our employees’ ioge removed

We don't just build homes, we help
employees develop skills that will
support them in building careers.

We create clear pathways for

p at h Ww ay personal growth at every stage.

We strive to create a safe and
inclusive environment for all
our people.

sue

About Us pirategic Keport Governance ‘Accounts Utnerintormation Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 07 La

image removed

; About Us

Business at a Glance 08
Investment Case 10°

About Us Strategic Report Governance Accounts Other information Bellway p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 08 A

Business at a Glance

‘How we build our brand

We uphold the highest standards of service by putting customers at the heart of everything we do. Through thoughtful engagement and an understanding of
their journey, we ensure that every interaction reflects our dedication to quality, trust, and long-term satisfaction. Through different brands we are able to meet
the varying needs of our customers. We pride ourselvés in always putting our customers’ experience first, understanding that purchasing a new home is one
of the most important decisions our customers make, and we are there to support throughout the whole journey.

The brands Awards and accreditations

graphic removed
Josure P

Bellway began in 1946, with an aim for building high-quality Climate Disclosure Project

homes, in carelully selected locations, and we continue to

maintain these same core values today.

We also offer the Ashberry and Bellway London brands to . ~ HBF five-start homebuilder status

provide greater choi¢e for customers and improve sales rates,
on larger sites.

47 Pride in the Job Awards

graphic removed Internal Communication and
Engagement awards

image removed

CIPD People Managers awards

chart removed

1S0 14001

Housebuilder awards 2024

. Building Innovation awards

About Us Strategic Report Governance. Accounts Other Information
Business at a Glance continued :
The way we create value Strong divisional
Strategic priorities . operations throughout
the UK

1 Delverongrterm
volume growth

2. Diive a long-term
improvement in
underlying pre-tax RoE

3 Operate responsibly and
sustainably through the
"Better with Bellway’ strategy.

For more information see pages 12-13,

The way to a better future

We aim to build beautiful, experily
designed homes, which meet the needs
‘of customers and consider the demands

> ofthe future. Through a sustainable
zpproach to people, communities, build
materials and the environment, we
hope to demonstrate that the future of
the planet is as important to us as it is
to stakeholders.

image removed

The divisional structure allows local
management teams, supported by
Regional Chairs, Regional Finance
Directors and specialist Group functions,
to respond to specific needs in their
area and, through their detailed local
expertise, acquire land and build homes
that meet regulatory requirements and
stakeholder expectations.

graphic removed

In May 2025 , work started at the new
timber framework factory, ‘Bellway Home
Space’, which is due to be operational
in 2026.

[Adrone shot of Sheasby Park,
child

Divisional locations

Bellway p.Lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025

graphic removed

20 trading

divisions

covering the main population centres
across England, Scotland and Wales.

2,746
people

‘employed by the Group
onaverage in 2025,

o woe