BETA Close X Bellway PLC announced that Chief Financial Officer Shane Doherty was granted options for 1,911 ordinary shares at an exercise price of £15.98, exercisable between July 1, 2031, and December 31, 2031, under the Company's Savings Related Share Option Scheme. This grant involved the cancellation of previous options awarded on November 28, 2025. Disclaimer* Bellway PLC 14 May 2026 BELLWAY p.l.c. (the 'Company') NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS AND PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 14 MAY 2026 Grant of options under the Company's Savings Related Share Option Scheme (the 'SRSOS') The Company announces that, following the issue of an invitation to all eligible employees to participate in the Company's HMRC approved SRSOS, Shane Doherty, Chief Financial Officer of the Company has been granted options over ordinary shares of 12.5 pence each in the Company under the SRSOS on 13 May 2026 as follows: Number of Options Option Price Exercise Period Shane Doherty 1,911 £15.98 1 July 2031 to 31 December 2031 As part of this transaction, Shane Doherty cancelled his previous SRSOS options granted on the 28 November 2025, which was announced to the stock exchange on the 1 December 2025. The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulations. BELLWAY p.l.c. NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS AND PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Shane Doherty 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director (PDMR) b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Bellway p.l.c. b) LEI 213800CY4L3HST4FGZ98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to date; to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code 12.5p ordinary shares GB0000904986 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of option under the Company's Sharesave Scheme. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £15.98 1,911 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 13 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a Trading Venue Name of contact and telephone number for queries: Phil Hope Group Finance Director and Company Secretary Bellway p.l.c. Tel: 0191 217 0717 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bellway (BWY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and