BETA Close X Currys plc announced that Group Chief Executive Alex Baldock will step down after eight years to pursue a new external opportunity, with the board initiating a search for his successor. The company confirmed that trading remains in line with expectations, and it continues to anticipate Group adjusted profit before tax between £180 million and £190 million, representing an 11-17% year-on-year increase. Furthermore, Currys expects net cash to be above its £100 million target by the year-end on May 2, 2026. Disclaimer* Currys PLC 26 March 2026 We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology Alex Baldock to step down as Group Chief Executive The Board of Currys plc announces that Alex Baldock has informed it of his intention to step down after eight years as Group Chief Executive, to take a new external position. The Board will commence a formal and thorough recruitment process for Alex's successor, considering both internal and external candidates, and will provide an update in due course. During this time, Alex will remain in role, continuing to drive business performance and ensuring a smooth and orderly transition, supported by his leadership team. Ian Dyson, Group Chair "On behalf of the Board, I want to thank Alex for his exceptional contribution to Currys. During his eight years here, he has achieved a huge amount, transforming the business in the face of some difficult headwinds. "Currys is very well positioned for future success with a strategy that is clearly working, great financial health and a very strong leadership team. On behalf of everyone at Currys, I wish Alex all the best in his future endeavours." Alex Baldock, Group Chief Executive "My eight years at Currys have been simply the best of my career, and I'll always be a loyal Currys customer, advocate and shareholder. "I'm immensely grateful to the thousands of amazing colleagues I've been privileged to work with, and proud of what that team is building, a world class Currys for colleagues, customers and shareholders. "Currys' next chapter can be its most exciting yet. But it's time for someone else to steer the business there, and time for me to move on to a new opportunity. "I'll be here to ensure our progress doesn't skip a beat and to ensure a smooth transition to my successor." Current trading update Since the Peak trading update on the 21 January 2026, the Group has traded in-line with expectations and continues to expect Group adjusted profit before tax of £180-190m, +11-17% YoY. For the year-end 2 May 2026 we expect net cash to be above the £100m target. Next scheduled announcement and disclosures The Group is scheduled to publish a full year trading update on 19 May 2026 . The remuneration arrangements in relation to Alex's departure from the Company, which will be consistent with the Company's Remuneration Policy, will be disclosed on the Company's website at the appropriate time in accordance with section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2006. This announcement contains inside information which is disclosed in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information Dan Homan Investor Relations +44 (0)7401 400442 Tim Danaher Brunswick Group +44 (0)2074 045959 Information on Currys plc is available at www.currysplc.com Follow us on LinkedIn and X: @currysplc About Currys plc Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of technology products and services, operating online and through 702 stores in 6 countries. We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology, however they choose to shop with us. In the UK & Ireland we trade as Currys and in the UK we operate our own mobile virtual network, iD Mobile. In the Nordics we trade under the Elkjøp brand. We're the market leader in all markets, able to serve all households and employing more than 25,000 capable and committed colleagues. We help everyone enjoy amazing technology. We believe in the power of technology to improve lives, helping people stay connected, productive, fit, healthy, and entertained. We're here to help everyone enjoy those benefits and with our scale and expertise, we are uniquely placed to do so. Our full range of services and support makes it easy for our customers to discover, choose, afford and enjoy the right technology to the full. The Group's operations include one of Europe's largest technology repair facilities, a sourcing office in Hong Kong and an extensive distribution network, centred on Newark in the UK and Jönköping in Sweden, enabling fast and efficient delivery to stores and homes. We're a leader in giving technology a longer life through repair, recycling and reuse. We're reducing our impact on the environment in our operations and our wider value chain and we aim to achieve net zero emissions by 2040. We offer customers products that help them save energy, reduce waste and save water, and we partner with charitable organisations to bring the benefits of amazing technology to those who might otherwise be excluded. Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any expected future events or results referred to in these forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or accounting standards, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Information contained on the Currys plc website or the 'X' feed does not form part of this announcement and should not be relied on as such. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Currys (CURY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 46 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and