Across The Markets: Parkmead Group, SThree, Currys 2024-12-12 08:59:37 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Parkmead Group (The) (PMG) , SThree (STEM) , Currys (CURY) Currys Electrical retailer Currys issued interim results this morning which received a warm welcome from investors. Despite sales only increasing fractionally, margin improvements and efficiency savings have helped bolster the outlook. Management expect momentum to build from here and falling interest rates to provide further cover, too. However it’s not all upbeat with the company calculating changes from the recent UK government budget as costing it an additional £32m a year and only half of this has been accounted for so far. Price rises for consumers are seen as an inevitable consequence but the Currys share price is up almost 9% in early trade. SThree The specialist science and technology recruiter SThree is down at the opposite end of the FTSE-100 this morning after issuing a trading update . This flagged macroeconomic headwinds as persisting and likely to last into the new year, with group revenues down 9%. FY25 profits have been downgraded as a result and despite news of a further £20m share buyback – which management stress is prudent given the capital position of the business – this doesn’t appear to be cutting much slack in the market. The SThree share price was down by as much as 36% shortly after the open before finding some support. Parkmead Group Down into the small caps and the multi-faceted energy group Parkmead has seen its shares surge this morning off the back of news that it had agreed the disposal of a subsidiary, Parkmead (E&P) which holds various offshore licenses. That’s for an initial cash consideration of £14m, payable in instalments over the next two years. Contingent payments of a further £120m are also in the deal and given the company’s market cap last night was just £15m, this has the potential to be truly transformative. However it’s far from risk free and the Parkmead share price being up by ‘only’ 65% in the first hour of trade is reflective of this. Most read news on Investegate this morning Sale of Parkmead (E&P) Ltd - - Parkmead Group (The) (PMG) Appointment of Chief Executive Officer - - C&C Group (CDI) (CCR) Acquisition of assets from Parkmead Group - - Serica Energy (SQZ) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and