BETA Close X Currys plc has published its Annual Report and Accounts for 2025/26, along with the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026. The report details the company's principal risks, including increased risks in business continuity and competition, while financial services regulation, information security, IT systems, liquidity, and people and safety risks remain stable. The macroeconomic and geopolitics risk is also noted as stable, with a minor change to its title to include geopolitics. The company confirms that the financial statements provide a true and fair view and the Strategic Report offers a fair review of the business and its principal risks and uncertainties. Disclaimer* Currys PLC 30 July 2026 30 July 2026 ANNUAL REPORT 2025/26, NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026 AND PROXY FORM Currys plc (the 'Company') has today published its Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026. These documents are available to view on the Company's website at www.currysplc.com/investors . In addition, they have been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders depending on their elected method of communication. The Annual Report and Accounts have been prepared using the single electronic reporting format specified in the UK Transparency Directive European Single Electronic Format ('ESEF'). In accordance with UK Listing Rule 17.2.1, the Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26, Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 and Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, where they will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting (the 'AGM') will be held at 11.00am on Thursday 10 September 2026 at BFI Southbank, Belvedere Road, South Bank, London SE1 8XT. Shareholders are encouraged to vote in favour of all resolutions proposed in advance of the AGM, and to submit any questions they may have for any member of the Board to cosec@currys.co.uk . Please submit your votes and questions before 11.00am on Tuesday 8 September 2026. The information included in the Appendix to this announcement has been extracted from the Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26 and is reproduced here solely for the purposes of complying with the requirements of Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule ('DTR') 6.3.5 in respect of how to make annual financial reports available to the public. The content of this announcement, including the Appendix, should be read in conjunction with the Company's Preliminary Results announcement, which was released on 2 July 2026 and is available on the Company's website at www.currysplc.com/investors. Together, these announcements constitute the material required by DTR 6.3.5 to be communicated to the media in unedited full text through a Regulatory Information Service. This material is not a substitute for reading the full Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26. Defined terms used in the Appendix refer to terms as defined in the Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26. Page numbers and cross references in the Appendix refer to pages and sections of the Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26. Appendix A. Principal risks to achieving the Group's objectives (pages 35 to 39) The Group recognises that taking risks is an inherent part of doing business and that competitive advantage can be gained through effectively managing risk. The Group has developed and continues to evolve robust risk management processes, and risk management is integrated into business decision-making. The Group's approach to risk management and risk governance framework is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 59 to 70. The risks are linked to the strategic priorities on page 11. Risks and potential impacts The Group continues to develop its risk management processes, fully integrating risk management into business decision-making. The risk management process mirrors the operating model with each business unit responsible for the ongoing identification, assessment and management of their existing and emerging risks. The output of these assessments is aggregated to compile an overall Group-level view of risk. The principal risks and uncertainties, together with their potential impacts, are set out in the tables on the following pages along with an illustration of actions being taken to mitigate them. Our approach to horizon scanning and emerging risks In order to promote sustainable success, the business continues to analyse the risks likely to emerge in the short, medium and longer term that may impact the delivery of our strategy. To provide a view over the medium to longer term, a horizon scanning approach is required. Our approach to undertaking horizon scanning is based on conducting both reviews of external thought leadership and also through obtaining the views of key business stakeholders on emerging risks. Horizon scanning takes place throughout the year to ensure that the horizon is consistently scanned for developments and changes that may impact the business. Any emerging risks are included in Risk Committee and Audit Committee reporting to form a view as to whether any of these should be considered a principal risk. Key changes to the Risk Profile In addition to our regular risk review process, during 2025/26 we completed an end-to-end review of our principal and emerging risks through individual discussions with key stakeholders, risk owners, the Executive Committee and the Board. This validated that our principal risks remain appropriate following the changes made as part of the last end-to-end review. A minor change has been made to the macroeconomic environment risk title which now includes geopolitics, reflecting that geopolitical factors form part of this risk. We recognise the pace of technological change with competitors utilising AI, and that agentic AI is rapidly growing as a new, transformative sales channel. We have identified the principal risks that have an AI element to them as part of our risk profile. Business continuity remains a key focus following cyber-attacks on the UK retail sector and supply chain resilience is continually monitored. Changes in net risks since the last report are set out in the tables on the following pages. Principal risks and uncertainties 1. Business Continuity Risk owner: Chief Operating Officer Risk Category: Operational Risk movement: Increased Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to effectively respond, maintain, and recover operations in the event of significant business disruption and/or incident. What is the impact? • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Reputational damage. • Loss of competitive advantage. How we manage it • Business continuity plans in place and tested for key business locations. • Enablement of home working for office-based and contact centre colleagues. • Disaster recovery plans in place and tested for key IT systems and data centres. • Cross-functional crisis team to manage response to significant events. • Major risks insured. Changes since last report This risk has increased through 2025/26. 2. Business transformation Risk owner: Chief Information Officer Risk Category: Strategic Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to deliver the required transformation activities to achieve the desired cost, margin, compliance and growth. What is the impact? • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Reduced market share. How we manage it • Transformation Programme Office providing oversight, planning, risk, controls and dependency management, and financial and benefits realisation management. • Robust portfolio and programme governance with regular Executive Committee and Board-level reporting. • Transformation assurance across three lines - project, portfolio review, and audit. • Resourcing and change management capability embedded across the portfolio. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 3. Competition Risk owner: Chief Commercial Officer Risk Category: Strategic Risk movement: Increased Link to strategy : Grow profits, Easy to shop Considered in the Viability statement: No What is the risk? Failure to anticipate and effectively respond to changing competitor behaviour and/or the disruptive retail landscape. What is the impact? • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Reduced market share. • Reputational damage. How we manage it • Monitoring of market performance and deep dives on market share analysis. • Trading meetings, quarterly business reviews, budgeting and planning processes. • Working closely with suppliers on partnerships and strategies. • Continued development of propositions and focus on retail fundamentals. Changes since last report This risk has increased through 2025/26. 4. Financial services regulation Risk owner: Chief Services Officer Risk Category: Regulatory Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to manage the business of the Group in compliance with financial services regulation to which the Group is subject in a number of areas, including insurance operations and consumer credit activities. What is the impact? • Enforcement action by the regulator. • Loss of authorisation and inability to trade regulated products. • Reputational damage. • Financial penalties. • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Customer compensation. How we manage it • Board oversight and management structures monitor compliance and ensure that the Company's culture focuses on good customer outcomes. • Regulatory Compliance Committee, Product Governance and other internal governance structures. • Financial Services Risk Management Framework and compliance frameworks in place. • Compliance monitoring and Internal Audit review of the operation and effectiveness of compliance standards and controls. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 5. Information security and data protection Risk owner: Chief Information Officer Risk Category: Technology Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to govern and control customer, colleague and business data in accordance with legislation including EU General Data Protection Regulation. Failure to prevent, monitor and respond to an information security event. What is the impact? • Reputational damage. • Financial penalties. • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Customer compensation. • Loss of competitive advantage. How we manage it • Significant investment in information security safeguards, IT security controls, monitoring, in-house expertise and resource as part of a managed information security improvement plan. • Technology Risk Forum with responsibility for oversight, co-ordination and monitoring of information security and data protection risk. • Audit programme over key suppliers' information security standards. • Ongoing programme of penetration testing, security health checks, red teaming and scenario exercises. • Control activities operate over management of customer and employee data in accordance with the Group's data protection policy and processes. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 6. IT systems and infrastructure Risk owner: Chief Information Officer Risk Category: Technology Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? A key system becomes unavailable for a period of time impacting our ability to trade and continue operations. What is the impact? • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Loss of competitive advantage. • Restricted growth and adaptability. • Reputational damage. How we manage it • Ongoing IT transformation to align IT infrastructure to future strategy. • Peak planning and preparation to ensure system stability and availability over high-demand periods. • Individual system recovery plans in place in the event of failure which are tested in line with an annual plan, with full recovery infrastructure available for critical systems. • Long-term partnerships with application and infrastructure providers. • A mature IT service design and transition process manages the transition of new and changed services into production. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable over 2025/26. 7. Liquidity, tax and treasury Risk owner: Chief Financial Officer Risk Category: Financial Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Grow profits Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to manage access to sufficient liquidity at any given time may impact the Group's ability to meet its financial and legacy tax obligations. What is the impact? • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. How we manage it • Regular monitoring of cash and liquidity levels takes place at committees. • Bank facility and covenant cover levels are reviewed and negotiated. • Capex prioritisation sessions are undertaken by the Executive Committee to identify cost-saving initiatives. • Triennial pensions revaluation process. • Board and internal committee oversight actively monitors tax strategy implementation. • The Group remains committed to achieving a resolution with HMRC in relation to open tax cases. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 8. Macroeconomics and geopolitics Risk owner: Chief Financial Officer Risk Category: Strategic Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to mitigate the impacts of volatile external financial factors such as tariffs, exchange rates, interest rates and inflation across our key markets. What is the impact? • The potential for increased operating costs. • The potential for external factors to impact consumer demand and electrical spend by customers. How we manage it • Rolling forecast to analyse future expected performance across the financial year. • Business plan updates to the Executive Committee to analyse the investment initiatives taking place and progress against delivery and financial benefits, alongside more detailed daily and weekly performance. • Cost flexibility in operating model. • Hedging strategy in place for foreign exchange and energy. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 9. People and safety Risk owner: Chief People, Communications and Sustainability Officer Risk Category: Operational Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues Considered in the Viability statement: Yes What is the risk? Failure to attract, engage and retain skilled colleagues affordably; protect customers and colleagues; and maintain an environment where our values and behaviours support delivery of our strategy. What is the impact? • Reduced employee engagement and satisfaction. • Increased operating costs. • Employee/customer illness, injury or loss of life. • Reputational damage. • Financial penalties. • Legal action. How we manage it • Colleague engagement surveys. • Risk assessment programme covering retail, support centres, distribution and home services. • Incident reporting tool and process. • Health and Safety training and development framework and inspection programme. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 10. Product safety Risk owner: Chief Operating Officer Risk Category: Operational Risk movement: Stable Link to strategy : Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: No What is the risk? Failure to maintain adequate procedures and due diligence regarding product safety, and sufficient processes to manage and comply with product recall notices, particularly in relation to original equipment manufacturer ('OEM') sourced products. What is the impact? • Financial penalties. • Reduced cash flow. • Reputational damage. How we manage it • Factory audits conducted over OEM suppliers. • Technical evaluation of OEM products prior to production. • Product inspection of OEM products prior to shipment. • Monitoring of reported incidents. • Safety governance reviews conducted by internal technical teams. • Established protocols and procedures to manage product recalls. Changes since last report This risk has remained stable through 2025/26. 11. Supply chain resilience Risk owner: Chief Commercial Officer Risk Category: Operational Risk movement: Increased Link to strategy : Capable and committed colleagues, Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: No What is the risk? Failure to optimise key supplier relationships, minimise external goods for resale ('GFR') and goods not for resale ('GNFR'), supply chain disruption and manage effective mitigation, particularly in the context of geopolitical factors. What is the impact? • Disruptions to supply of goods. • Pricing and stock availability terms could worsen, leading to decreasing sales/reduced margin. • Reduced revenue and profitability. • Deteriorating cash flow. • Reduced market share. How we manage it • Ensuring alignment of key suppliers to future strategy and meetings with strategic suppliers' management. • Continuing to leverage the scale of operations to strengthen relationships with key suppliers and maintain a good supply of scarce products. • Working with suppliers to ensure availability of products through key supplier group engagement programme. • Ethical supply chain due diligence over our supplier base. • Control structures to ensure appropriate supplier relationship management for GFR, GNFR and OEM. Changes since last report This risk has increased through 2025/26. 12. Sustainability Risk owner: Chief People, Communications and Sustainability Officer Risk Category: Strategic Risk movement: Decreased Link to strategy : Easy to shop, Customers for life Considered in the Viability statement: No What is the risk? Failure to meet increasing regulatory and legislative requirements and respond to significant weather events. Failure to deliver on commitments and expectations from shareholders, stakeholders, our customers and colleagues. What is the impact? • Financial penalties. • Reputational damage. How we manage it • Roadmap to net zero by 2040. • Oversight from the GSLT, the Executive Committee and the Board. • Group ESG strategy regularly reviewed. • Partnerships with reputable external agencies such as the CEP, BRC and DPA. • Management reporting on progress against target for e-waste with metrics included in annual bonus scorecard. Changes since last report This risk has decreased through 2025/26. B. Responsibility Statement (page 111) We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: • the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and • the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the issuer and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. We consider the Annual Report & Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group's position and performance, business model and strategy. By Order of the Board Alex Baldock, Group Chief Executive Bruce Marsh, Group Chief Financial Officer 1 July 2026 * The directors of Currys plc as at 2 May 2026 are listed on pages 54 and 55 of the Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26. ENDS For further information: Dan Homan Investor Relations Director +44 (0)7401 400 442 Sarah Thomas Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0)7401 373 188 LEI: 2138001E12GWLLDQQF16 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Currys (CURY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 46 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and