BETA Close X Currys plc has announced the grant of share awards under its Long Term Incentive Plan 2016 to Fredrik Tønnesen and Bruce Marsh. Fredrik Tønnesen received an award with a reference value of £2,062,500, representing 1,255,325 ordinary shares, while Bruce Marsh was granted an award valued at £1,305,275, comprising 794,446 ordinary shares. These nil-cost options are subject to continued service and performance conditions related to relative Total Shareholder Return, cumulative free cash flow, and cumulative earnings per share, with vesting scheduled for 4 August 2029. Disclaimer* Currys PLC 04 August 2026 4 August 2026 NOTIFICATION OF GRANT OF SHARE AWARDS Currys plc (the "Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") and persons closely associated with them in accordance with Market Abuse Regulation. Awards under the Currys plc Long Term Incentive Plan 2016 On 4 August 2026, the following awards (the " Awards ") over ordinary shares of 0.1 pence in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") were granted under the Currys plc Long Term Incentive Plan 2016 ("LTIP"): Name of Director / PDMR Base Salary for Award (£) Award Reference Value (£) No. of Ordinary Shares under Award Vesting Date Exercise Price Fredrik Tønnesen £825,000 £2,062,500 1,255,325 4 August 2029 Nil Bruce Marsh £522,110 £1,305,275 794,446 4 August 2029 Nil The share price used to calculate the numbers of shares making up each Award (each a nil cost option) was the mid-market price on the day prior to the grant, being 3 August 2026 (£1.643). The number of Ordinary Shares stated above is the maximum number that could vest to each PDMR upon full satisfaction of the performance conditions attaching to the Awards. The Awards will ordinarily vest and become exercisable on 4 August 2029 (the "Vesting Date"), subject to each PDMR's continued service with the Company and the extent to which the performance conditions applicable to the Awards are achieved. In the case of the awards granted to Fredrik Tønnesen and Bruce Marsh, any Ordinary Shares which vest will be subject to an additional two-year holding period (on a net of tax basis) from the Vesting Date. Further details of the award are set out in the 2025/26 Directors' Remuneration Report, which is available to view at www.currysplc.com. The performance conditions applicable to the Awards are set out as follows: 1) 30% Relative Total Shareholder Return (" TSR ") 30% of the Award is subject to the achievement of a relative TSR performance condition, measured against an Adjusted FTSE 250 group, which reflects the FTSE 250 Index minus companies in the Basic Resources, Energy, and Financial Services sectors, at the start of the performance period. The starting point for measurement will be 3 May 2026 and the closing point will be the final day of the 2028/2029 Financial Year, with one month averaging periods up to the beginning and end of the performance period. 25% of this portion of the Award will vest for achievement of median TSR versus the comparator group, with maximum vesting at upper quartile or above and straight-line vesting between these two points. 2) 40% Cumulative Free Cash Flow (1) 40% of the Award is subject to the achievement of a performance condition measuring the Company's cumulative free cash flow over the three-year period starting on 3 May 2026 and ending on the final day of the 2028/2029 Financial Year. 25% of this portion of the Award will vest if cumulative free cash flow over the three-year period is £365m, rising to 62.5% of this portion of the Award vesting if cumulative free cash flow over the three-year period is £430m, and with maximum vesting if cumulative free cash flow over the three-year period is £495m or higher, and straight-line vesting between these points. 3) 30% Cumulative EPS 30% of the Award is subject to the achievement of a performance condition measuring the Company's cumulative adjusted basic EPS over the three-year period starting on 3 May 2026 and ending on the final day of the 2028/2029 Financial Year. 25% of this portion of the Award will vest if cumulative adjusted basic EPS over the three-year period is 40p, rising to 62.5% of this portion of the Award vesting if cumulative adjusted basic EPS over the three-year period is 44p, and with maximum vesting if cumulative adjusted basic EPS over the three-year period is 48p or higher, and straight-line vesting between these points. The Remuneration Committee believes that the above targets represent a significant degree of stretch. The Committee will also consider the formulaic outcome at the time of vesting to ensure that this is aligned with the holistic performance achieved and the broader stakeholder experience. The Committee may use discretion to adjust the outcome downwards if appropriate in the specific circumstances. (1) As noted in the most recently published annual report, the Group continues to cooperate with HMRC in relation to open tax cases arising from pre-merger legacy transactions in the Carphone Warehouse Group. For the purposes of the Free Cash Flow targets, any potential cash outflows as a result of such cases will be consistently excluded from both targets and outcomes. However, the Committee will apply judgement to ensure that the formulaic outcome is appropriate in light of the shareholder experience. This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of Market Abuse Regulation Article 19. As at the date of this announcement, the Company has 1,090,736,007 Ordinary Shares in issue. Details of the full notifications received by the Company are set out below. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Fredrik Tønnesen 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Currys plc b) LEI 2138001E12GWLLDQQF16 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 0.1 pence each in Currys plc Identification code GB00B4Y7R145 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost option award under the Currys plc Long Term Incentive Plan. The award will ordinarily become exercisable three years from the date of grant, subject to the grantee's continued service and the extent to which the performance conditions applicable to the award have been met, and then may be exercised for a period of ten years from the date of grant. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 1,255,325 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 4 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Bruce Marsh 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Group Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Currys plc b) LEI 2138001E12GWLLDQQF16 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 0.1 pence each in Currys plc Identification code GB00B4Y7R145 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost option award under the Currys plc Long Term Incentive Plan. The award will ordinarily become exercisable three years from the date of grant, subject to the grantee's continued service and the extent to which the performance conditions applicable to the award have been met, and then may be exercised for a period of ten years from the date of grant. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 794,446 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 4 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Enquiries: Sarah Thomas Deputy Company Secretary +44 (0)7401 373 188 Dan Homan Investor Relations +44 (0)7401 400 442 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Currys (CURY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Canal+ SA 59 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and