BETA Close X Currys plc announced that Dan Homan, Director of Investor Relations, will present at the Yellowstone Advisory Private Investor evening on September 16, 2026, to familiarize attendees with the company. This event is separate from the trading update scheduled for the company's AGM on September 10, 2026. Disclaimer* Currys PLC 01 September 2026 P resenting at the Yellowstone Advisory Private Investor Evening Currys plc is pleased to announce that Dan Homan, Director of Investor Relations, will be presenting at the Yellowstone Advisory Private Investor evening on 16 September 2026. The presentation is aimed at those less familiar with Currys plc and is open to all existing and potential shareholders. The event is being held at the offices of Hudson Sandler in London and investors can register for the event here . Currys is scheduled to release a trading update at its AGM on 10 September, please note that this event is independent from the AGM trading update. If you have any questions about the evening, please email info@yellowstoneadvisory.com or IR@currys.co.uk . Next scheduled announcement The Group is scheduled to publish a trading update at its AGM on 10 September 2026. For further information Dan Homan Investor Relations +44 (0)7401 400442 Carla Fabiano Investor Relations +44 (0) 7460 944523 Information on Currys plc is available at www.currysplc.com Follow us on LinkedIn and X: @currysplc About Currys plc Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of technology products and services, operating online and through 691 stores in 6 countries. We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology, however they choose to shop with us. In the UK & Ireland we trade as Currys and in the UK we operate our own mobile virtual network, iD Mobile. In the Nordics we trade under the Elkjøp brand. We're the market leader in all markets, able to serve all households and employing more than 24,000 capable and committed colleagues. We help everyone enjoy amazing technology. We believe in the power of technology to improve lives, helping people stay connected, productive, fit, healthy, and entertained. We're here to help everyone enjoy those benefits and with our scale and expertise, we are uniquely placed to do so. Our full range of services and support makes it easy for our customers to discover, choose, afford and enjoy the right technology to the full. The Group's operations include one of Europe's largest technology repair facilities, a sourcing office in Hong Kong and an extensive distribution network, centred on Newark in the UK and Jönköping in Sweden, enabling fast and efficient delivery to stores and homes. We're a leader in giving technology a longer life through repair, recycling and reuse. We're reducing our impact on the environment in our operations and our wider value chain and we aim to achieve net zero emissions by 2040. We offer customers products that help them save energy, reduce waste and save water, and we partner with charitable organisations to bring the benefits of amazing technology to those who might otherwise be excluded. Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any expected future events or results referred to in these forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or accounting standards, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Information contained on the Currys plc website or the 'X' feed does not form part of this announcement and should not be relied on as such. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Currys (CURY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 1 hour ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 3 hours ago Staffline Group 4 hours ago Shell 4 hours ago Genedrive All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and