Across The Markets: Capita, Currys, Next 2026-03-26 08:43:09 (4 months ago) Related Companies: Next (NXT) , Capita (CPI) , Currys (CURY) Next Shares in the homewear and fashion retailer Next surged in early trade this morning after the company issued its full year results . The company has a habit of playing down forecasts then trouncing them with the numbers and this year has been no exception. The interim results saw full price sales guided as being 7.5% higher, whilst the actual print came in up 10.9%. That’s played out in pre-tax profits of £1158m, up 14.5% and £8m higher than forecast off the back of higher full price sales. The profit outlook is strong, there’s not too much concern over fall-out from the Middle East conflict and more capital returns are promised to shareholders. The Next share price was up 6% in early trade. Currys White goods retailer Currys issued an update to the market this morning noting that its CEO was to stand down after eight years in the role. There’s no change to the financial guidance offered by the firm, but markets have reacted badly to the news. The outgoing CEO is seen as having competently navigated the company through a series of challenging headwinds in an increasingly tough commercial environment and the market isn’t overly enthused by the imminent change of direction. The Currys share price was down almost 10% shortly after the open. Capita The outsourcing company Capita saw its shares gain ground this morning following news of an asset disposal . Whilst the deal was for a nominal £1 with a further £6.5m cash being retained, up to £61.5m could be paid out over the next few years on a contingent basis. The transaction will also result in some significant cost savings as well as simplifying the core business. The market is supportive of the news and the Capita share price was up almost 14% by 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Directorate change - - Intertek Group (ITRK) 43-101 technical report for its Anza Project - - Orosur Mining Inc (OMI) Disposal - - Capita (CPI) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and