\ Dixons

N Carphone

Annual Report & Accounts
2018/19

*A8DR9OD7*

_ coumaesrouse “|

WE HELP EVERYONE
ENJOY AMAZING

TECHNOLOGY

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's Statement

Key Performance Indicators

Business at a Glance

Group Chief Executive's Statement

Our Strategy

Our Markets

Our Business Model
Our Capabilities

Strategy Roadmap and Milestones

Principal Risks to Achieving the Group’s Objectives

Performance Review

Sustainable Business

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

48
50
61
64
73
74
77
79
91
103

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report

Directors’ Report

Audit Committee Report

Disclosure Committee Report

Nominations Committee Report

Remuneration Committee Report

Remuneration Report — Remuneration Policy

Remuneration Report — Annual Remuneration Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

104
116
117
118
119
120
121
176
177
178
185

Independent Auditor's Report

Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Group Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Company Financial Statements

Five Year Record (unaudited)

INVESTOR INFORMATION

186
188

Shareholder and Corporate Information

Glossary and Definitions

‘

Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

1

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Chairman’s
Statement

Lord Livingston of Parkhead
Chairman

Last year was the start of
a huge transformation for
Dixons Carphone. We have
achieved a lot over the
last year but | know that
there is a lot more to do
and that we have the team
to achieve it.

We are reshaping the business to
create a long term and sustainable
business for colleagues, customers
and shareholders alike. Our
management team, led by Alex
Baldock in his first year as Group Chief
Executive, has outlined our new vision
and strategy and made good progress
in our transformation as we lay the
foundations for future growth.

We have delivered another strong
performance in our International
business which accounts for over
40% of our profits and delivered
progress in both revenues and market
share across all of our Electricals
business, extending our leading
market positions. Early signs of our
progress in our transformation journey
have been encouraging with notable
improvements in customer satisfaction.

The mobile market remained
challenging last year. There is much
to do here, and it will take time but
we are making good progress in the
development of our new model to
return Mobile to being a profitable
category.

“We are reshaping the business to
create a long term and sustainable
business for colleagues, customers
and shareholders alike”

Headline profit before tax was
£298 million with debt increasing only
6% to £265 million despite additional
investment in our transformation
programme. The loss before tax on

a statutory basis was £259 million
mainly as a result of non-cash

goodwill impairments in the Carphone
Warehouse arising from the changing
UK mobile market. Following on from
the half year where we took the difficult
decision to return the dividend cover

to 3 times earnings, the Board has
recommended that the Company pay a
dividend of 6.75p per share for the full
year, with a final payment of 4.50p to be
paid on 27 September 2019.

People and purpose

The long term success of our business,
however, is not just about commercial
performance. Nor is it possible

without all 42,000 of our capable and
committed colleagues feeling engaged
and invested in our future.

For a business to thrive, it should

have a clear purpose and embody a
strong culture and values to animate its
strategy in a way that resonates with
society and is meaningful to colleagues
and stakeholders.

We want our colleagues to have a
stake in our future success and benefit
from it. Accordingly, we launched a
new share ownership scheme, costing
£10 million per year over the next

three years, to give all colleagues at
least £1,000 worth of shares. This is

in addition to other ways to increase
colleague share ownership and a
proper recognition of the importance of
our people in achieving our plans. | was
delighted by the positive response to

2 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

these proposals from our institutional
shareholders — a real sign that the need
to recognise all stakeholders is the best
way to achieve long term shareholder
value.

Corporate Responsibility

This year we made further progress in
tackling economic and social issues.
This was recognised by FTSE4GOOD,
who listed us in their FTSE4GOOD
index.

On energy use, our continued
commitment to managing climate-
related concerns was reflected in our
‘CDP’ (Carbon Disclosure Project)
score, which improved from a ‘C‘ toa
‘B’. Energy efficiency initiatives such
as the solar panel installation on our
Newark Distribution Centre contributed
to us achieving our 2020 energy
reduction target ahead of schedule

and work continues to understand and
manage impacts within our supply
chain. Sustainability performance is
now an important factor when selecting
suppliers or renegotiating contracts.

A number of teams are making great
progress in tackling the issue of plastic
packaging. We are already the largest
collector and recycler of expanded
polystyrene (EPS) in the UK. We have
also made changes to some own label
gaming accessories to remove tens of
thousands of plastic bags and CDs.
And we are identifying where we can
reduce plastic packaging in our direct
sourced products.

We continue to embrace and celebrate
diversity by ensuring we're a business
that attracts top talent whatever one’s
background. We have still some way

to go in terms of gender diversity but
we've made strides in this area and
have appointed more great women
to the Executive Committee and the
Board and improved senior female
representation to 26%.

Community

One of the highlights of my year is

the Chairman’s Shield Awards, which
is awarded to stores or parts of our
business that not only deliver great
results and give wonderful customer
service but critically do amazing things
for our colleagues and the communities
in which they operate. We aspire to

be a valuable part of the community
whether that be by raising money for
good causes, supporting health and
wellbeing, helping disadvantaged
people or reducing damage done

to the environment through award-
winning recycling initiatives.

We want everyone to have access

to amazing technology, which is
happening through supplier and charity
collaborations, including the donation
of hundreds of thousands of pounds
worth of Grundig appliances to local
food-related charities nominated by
our store colleagues. We have also
provided professional training to local
reuse charities, so they can make
refurbished white goods affordable to
low income families.

Being a responsible company is our
duty and has the power to influence
how it feels to work and shop with us.
It really matters.

Shareholders

At Dixons Carphone, we have an
‘open and constructive dialogue with
shareholders and have meetings
throughout the year. Our purpose is
simple - it is about creating a more
valuable business for shareholders
by understanding all stakeholder
expectations, respecting our
environment, making the right
decisions and determining to always
do the right thing, in everything we
do. In this spirit we welcomed the
publication of the 2018 UK Corporate
Governance Code and will report in full
against its principles and provisions
in this report next year. | believe that
strong corporate governance is at the
heart of any well managed business.

Board Changes

We have seen a number of changes
to the composition of the Board

this year, with Jonny Mason joining
us as Chief Financial Officer on 13
August 2018 and Eileen Burbidge as a
Non-Executive Director on 1 January
2019. Jonny brings listed company
experience from finance leadership
roles in both the UK and the Nordics
and a wealth of retail and consumer
experience. Eileen has a diverse

and impressive background in the
technology sector and has already
proven an important contributor

at Board level on the subjects of
innovation and the digital consumer.
We're delighted to have them join us.

Andrew Harrison having left the board
earlier in 2018, left the Company in
December 2018. He played a critical
role in the growth of Carphone
Warehouse over a number of years.

Jock Lennox stepped down as Non-
Executive Director on 31 December
2018 after six years on the Board and
V'd like to thank him for his contribution
to the Board and in his role as Chair of
the Audit Committee. | am delighted
that Fiona McBain has taken on the

chairmanship bringing her considerable

experience to the role.

Outlook

Looking ahead, this year brings

with it many challenges but also the
opportunity to create the sustainable

growing business we all want. We have

a lot to do but we've already made
important steps on that journey.

| would like to thank Alex and his
leadership team, who over the last
year have brought about significant
change in the business, positioning
it for long term sustainable growth.
Together, with the continued hard
work and tremendous enthusiasm
of our colleague shareholders, we
will create a world-class business for
our customers and therefore for our
shareholders.

uN
Lord Livingston of Patkhead
Chairman
19 June 2019

“A number of
teams are making
great progress
in tackling the
issue of plastic
packaging.

We’re already the
largest collector
and recycler

of expanded
polystyrene (EPS)
in the UK”

Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19 3

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Financial

Key Performance Indicators’

These are the Key Performance Indicators
(KPls) that are used in the business.

HEADLINE REVENUE '?

£10,433m

The ability to grow revenue is an important
measure of a brand’s appeal to customers and
its competitive position. It is a key measure

of the Group's progress against our strategic
priority to continue to enhance and drive
successful and sustainable retail business
models in a multi-channel world.

FREE CASH FLOW'

£153m

The management of cash usage, in particular
working capital employed in the business,
optimises resources available for the Group
to invest in its future growth and to generate
shareholder value.

LIKE-FOR-LIKE REVENUE GROWTH'

1%

Like-for-like revenue enables the
performance of the Group to be measured
on a consistent year-on-year basis.

(1) Definitions of measurement for Key Performance Indicators are
given in the glossary and definitions on pages 188 to 192

(2) Headline performance measures are as defined in the Performance
Review on pages 26 to 31

@) Statutory performance for the year is discussed on pages 29 to 30

4 Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

HEADLINE BASIC EPS (PENCE)'*?

20.4p

The level of growth in EPS provides a suitable
measure of the financial health of the Group and its
ability to deliver returns to shareholders each year.

HEADLINE EBIT".?

£322m

Continued growth of headline EBIT enables the Group to
invest in its future and provide a retum for shareholders.
Itis a key measure of progress against our strategic

priority to continue to enhance and drive successful and
sustainable retail business models in a multi-channel world.

HEADLINE PROFIT BEFORE TAX"?

£298m

Continued growth of headline profit before tax represents
a measure of Group performance to external investors
and stakeholders against our strategic priorities.

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)'

ROCE is a key measure of the efficiency of the
capital invested by the Group and the long-term
value created for our stakeholders.

Non-Financial

Key Performance Indicators

MARKET SHARE

We are a market leader in

the areas in which we operate,
and our objective is to continue
to grow market share

NET PROMOTER SCORE (‘NPS’)

64%

Customer satisfaction is vital
to delivering our strategy and
building a sustainable business

Net Promoter Score, a rating used by the Group to measure
customers’ likelihood to recommend its operations.

COLLEAGUE ENGAGEMENT

64%

Capable and committed
colleagues are key to
delivering our strategy

Our ‘Make a Difference’ survey which had a completion rate
of 94% allowed our colleagues to provide honest and open
feedback on what it is like to work at Dixons Carphone.

Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Business ~
at a Glance

Dixons Carphone plc is a leading multinational consumer electrical and mobile
retailer and services company, employing over 42,000 people in nine countries.
Our vision is We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology and this is underpinned

by strategic levers to deliver it.

- Group like-for-like* revenue up 1%,
statutory revenue down 1%,
gained market share in electricals in all
territories

— UK & Ireland electricals like-for-like”
revenue up 1%; reported revenue up 1%

- UK & Ireland mobile like-for-like* revenue down
4%; reported revenue down 11%

— Strong revenue growth in International

- Nordics like-for-like* up 3%; reported up by 1%,

— Greece like-for-like* up 13%; reported up by
12%

Headline’ revenue (£ millions)

Headline revenue by division’

*See glossary for definition of terms including headline performance measures.

Headline” EBIT (£ millions)

- Group headline* PBT of £298 million
(2017/18: £382 million)

— Headline basic EPS* 20.4p (2017/18: 26.2p),
statutory basic EPS (26.8p) (2017/18: 20.4p)

- Total statutory loss before tax of £259 million
(2017/18: £289 million profit) after non-headline
charges of £557 million (2017/18: £93 million)

~ Free cash flows* of £153 million (2017/18: £172
million) and net debt increased by £16 ion
to £265 million. Cashflows from operating
activities of £286 million (2017/18: £312 million)

— Final dividend of 4.50p proposed meaning full
year dividend at 6.75p (2017/18: 11.25p)

Headline’ basic EPS (pence)

Headline EBIT by division’

Figures presented in charts for 2014/15 are ‘pro forma’ results as defined in the glossary
1 During the period, the reportable segments of the Group have been changed and comparatives restated accordingly; see note 2.

6 Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

Business
Segments

Our European store presence

We operate four segments as follows:

Brands Websites
UK & Ireland

Electricals

- Cumys PC World is the largest specialist electrical retailing and services Currys PC World currys.co.uk
operator in the UK & Ireland. currys.ie

- Dixons Travel is a leading airport electrical retailer, with stores across peworld.co.uk
the UK & Ireland and Oslo. peworld.ie

~ Team Knowhow is our services brand.

Dixons Travel dixonstravel.com

- PC World Business provides computing products and services to business
to business (‘B28’) customers.

Team Knowhow

teamknowhow.com

PC World Business

peworldbusiness.co.uk

- Carphone Warehouse is the largest independent telecommunications
retailer in the UK & Ireland.

Carphone Warehouse

carphonewarehouse.com
carphonewarehouse.ie

= iD Mobile is our MVNO offering innovative and flexible propositions. D Mobile jdmobile.co.uk
~ Carphone Warehouse Business provides telecommunications products Garphone Warehouse business carphonewarehouse
and services to business to business (‘B2B') customers. “0
Business
Nordics
= The Elkjop Group is the leading specialist electricals retailer across the Ekjop elkjop.no
Nordics region. Elgiganten elgiganten.se
= Elkjop and Elkjop Phonehouse stores operate in Norway, Elgiganten and elgiganten.dk
Elgiganten Phone House in Sweden and Denmark and Gigantti in Finland. - ——_
— Knowhow also operates in the Nordic region. Gigantt Giganti.f
— InfoCare is the largest consumer electrical repair company in the region, Phone House phonehouse.se
‘operating in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Phonehouse.no
infoCare infocareworkshop.no
Greece
~ Kotsovolos is Greece's leading specialist electrical retailer. Kotsovolos kotsovolos.gr

Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

7

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Group Chief Executive’s

Statement

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive

We have a lot of great people here,
strong retail capabilities and in services,
we can do things our competitors simply
cannot match.

We've set the vision - and the strategy to
deliver it - after listening closely to many
customers. What we've heard boils down
to one central customer insight: we know
customers find technology incredibly
exciting but confusing and expensive.
They value help, not only discovering
and choosing the right technology for
them, but also getting the most out of it
through its life. They value help to afford,
install, connect, protect, repair, trade-in,
upgrade and maintain technology as well
choosing it in the first place. There's an
opportunity to play a big, valuable and
central role in customers’ lives beyond
traditional retail, but without straying from
the core of what we're good at. There

is no one better placed than us to seize
that opportunity. We are market leaders
wherever we operate; UK & Ireland,
Nordics and Greece. Nobody gets close
to our customer numbers - around 200
million visits to stores a year, 700 million
visits to sites, 5 million deliveries and
installations, 11 million warranty and
protection policies, more than 900k credit
customers and 2 million repairs.

Our strategy will give customers what
they value in the way that makes the
most of our strengths. We will transform
this business while performing along

the way; meeting our promises to
shareholders, colleagues and customers.

As to performance, Group headline
PBT was £298 million in the year, down
from £382 million last year. Like-for-like
revenue was up 1% and we maintained
our market leading shares. With net
debt increasing only 6% to £265 million
despite additional investment in our
transformation. Statutory loss before
tax was £259 million, down from £289

“This is a business with great strengths and big
opportunities. That’s what I’ve learned over the
past 14 months. I’ve been all over this business,
meeting thousands of our capable and committed
colleagues, listening to our customers and suppliers
as we've set the strategy for a long term sustainable
and valuable future, all grounded in our vision of We

Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology”.

million profit last year, largely reflecting
the write down of intangible assets in the
Carphone Warehouse as a result of the
changing mobile market.

The international businesses that make
up 40% of profits had an excellent
year. Like-for-like revenue was up 3%
in the Nordics and 13% in Greece.
Both achieved record levels of market
share, extending their leadership while
increasing operating margins.

In the UK & Ireland Electricals, full year
like-for-like revenue was up 1% and

we maintained our market leading
share. Online sales saw another year

of growth, ahead of the market. Mobile
remains challenging with headwinds
faced in market share and profitability all
impacting 2018/19 results.

Of course, nobody at Dixons Carphone
thinks that this performance is anywhere
close to what we're capable of. We also
have a responsibility to do the right thing.
We must protect our customers’ data; an
area we fell short of in the past and where
we continue to increase investment. We
must treat our customers fairly; as the FCA
fine for historic mobile phone insurance
practices reminded us in March 2019. We
have it in us to be a much more sustainably
valuable business. We also believe that
the way to achieve that is by delivering our
‘strategy to make our vision a reality. That
will take time. | said in December that three
years of heavy lifting lay ahead, before the
full benefits of that transformation can be
enjoyed. | stand by that.

We're underway delivering on our
transformation that’s grounded in

our vision - We Help Everyone Enjoy
Amazing Technology. More details on
the strategy and our early progress

can be found on the following pages.
It's a strategy that focuses on our core
business. It refocuses on two big priority

8 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

growth opportunities (credit and online);
‘on making customer relationships stickier
and more valuable through our customer
experience and through our services;

and on revitalising our mobile business.
To enable all this, we're working hard to
have the most capable and committed
colleagues, working in One Business and
(completing the merger), with stronger
infrastructure. We are encouraged by
substantial early progress.

It matters that we deliver on our
promises to create a long-term
sustainable business here; it matters

to our 42,000 colleagues, their families
and the communities where they live
and work. It matters for our millions

of customers, whose lives we can
enrich by helping them choose and
afford the right technology for them:

we passionately believe in the power of
technology to improve people's lives.
And of course, a more valuable and
sustainable business matters to our
shareholders (who can of course include
our colleagues). This is a business that
matters, that’s why my colleagues and

| are approaching our transformation
with a sense of responsibility as well as
excitement at the road ahead.

Finally, I'd like to say thank you to
all those capable and committed
colleagues, whose energy, ideas and
passion make me proud to work here,
and who have performed this year

while also getting underway with the
transformation of this great business. We
believe we are on the path to achieving
something big and worthwhile here.

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive
19 June 2019

Our Strategy

Dixons Carphone plc is a leading multinational consumer electrical and mobile
retailer and services company, employing over 42,000 people in nine countries.
Our vision is We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology and this is underpinned

by strategic levers to deliver it.

We help, let’s start there. If we are to help customers
discover and choose the right technology for them then that
is through the assisted sale and it is through the data that
feeds that assisted sale. If we help everyone we need to
make the most of being big and that means having a range,
a much larger range than we currently have so that we do
have something for everyone. We need to make that range
accessible through making it affordable, both by being
trusted on price and through credit, which is a big profitable
growth opportunity for us.

We need to make that accessible to everyone however they
want to shop, whether it is online, in a store or both. Online
is another big profitable growth opportunity for us. In order
for customers to enjoy their technology, it needs to be
easy. We need to make the end to end customer experience
much easier than it is today, take the friction out of that
experience as well as make the most of our services to help
the customer make the most of their technology.

Finally, we help everyone enjoy amazing technology and
it should be amazing. We want to make our stores and
sites exciting as well as easy places to shop. Our privileged
relationships with suppliers play a large part here. Finally,
mobile is central to our vision, as one of the most, if not the
most important, piece of tech in all of our lives.

Alll of this requires some changes to our business and we
intend to have the most capable and committed colleagues
of all, working in truly one, joined up business, with much
stronger infrastructure than we have today. Everything in the
strategy matters and we're going to do all of it. However,
some things matter most — if we land credit, online, mobile
and easy, and the enablers that make that possible, we

will be a long, long way towards a business that has more
engaged colleagues, more satisfied customers and a more
valuable and sustainable business for shareholders.

Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19 9

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Our Strategy continued

Big Four Levers of Value

Our strategy focuses on our core and on four things that matter most; two big profitable growth opportunities
in credit and online; giving our customers an easy experience and revitalising our mobile business.

Credit Online
We are affordable: We serve our customers
trusted on price and however they want to shop:
through credit ‘online or in store

Credit Online Easy Mobile

Credit is a big and attractive growth opportunity for
us. It is the largest and the fastest-growing service
and it is easy to see why.

With credit, customers can spread the cost, affording
more and better technology. From our point of view, it
gives customers a reason to shop with us, rather than
with somebody else, which is why we see a greater
number of incremental new customers with credit. They
spend more, both more frequently and with a higher
average basket value. We retain them much better. The
retention rates on credit customers are significantly
higher than on cash customers. They have more reason
to stay in touch with us more frequently as they manage
their account, which gives us yet further opportunities
to sell to them.

Of course, paying by instalment also facilitates the
add-on sale of other services. We see higher warranty,
insurance, protection and repair product penetration
going along with credit customers than we do with
cash. Lastly, of course, if you do it right, credit is
profitable in its own right and we do fully intend to do
it right. This point is certainly not the least important.
We intend to be a responsible lender. We take our
obligations to do the right thing seriously. We now have
21,000 fully credit-trained, front-line colleagues and we
work in a responsible way with our partners. That will
not change.

We are building on some strong foundations. We have
a decent size credit business; already over 900,000
customers and over £420 million of credit sales.

We have already signed a much improved partnership
deal with our partner bank and are also underway
developing a new credit offer and a new IT platform to
go with it. We now have at the top of the organisation
people who are very experienced in consumer financial
services as well as our broader trained colleagues. For
all of these reasons, credit is a big opportunity where
we have strong foundations and headroom for growth.

10 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018/19

Easy Mobile
We have an easy Mobile is central
end to end customer to our vision
experience
Credit Online Easy Mobile

Online is another big growth opportunity for us.

You have to go with the flow of how customers are
buying products and services. More than 100% of the
growth in retail is coming from online. We start with
some strong foundations to go after this opportunity.
We have £2 billion of online sales a year. Our online
sales are growing faster than the online market and we
have some interesting capabilities. However, we are still
underweight. Less than a third of our sales are online
today, compared to getting on for half of the market.
We have headroom for growth and we are going after it.

We are already accelerating our online growth. First, by
making it easy for customers. We are making it easier
for customers to find, buy and get what is right for them.
A much larger range, moving from 4,000 to 40,000
products over time is super-important online. That is
going to be a big contributor.

We are now focused on the priority channel within
online - mobile. Sales on a mobile phone, the phone as a
channel, account for more than 100% of online growth.
So we are 100% focused on that now including the
coming development of a transactional app.

We are putting a lot more money into online now.

it has a much greater priority when it comes to allocating
resources. We are working d