We help
everyone
enjoy
amazing
technology

ree rrys plc
nnual Report & Accounts 2022/23

| mu

Currys
What we do

We are a leading omnichannel
retailer of technology

Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of
technology products and services, operating
online and through 823 stores in 8 countries.

We help everyone enjoy amazing technology,
however they choose to shop with us. Our vision
has a powerful social purpose at its heart.

We believe in the power of technology to
improve lives and help people stay connected,
productive, healthy, and entertained.

We’re here to help everyone enjoy those benefits
and, with our scale and expertise, we are
uniquely placed to do so.

www.currysple.com/investors
For the latest news visit our website.

Our Markets Our Business Our Strategy

4 6 16

>

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements

Investor Information

2022/23 Highlights

Financial

hlights

=D Soe our Key Performance Indicators on pages 74 to 75.

Operational highlights

Group
+ Fredrik Tonnesen appointed as Chief Executive Officer for the Nordics.
» Launched a Global Business Services and a strategic partnership
with Infosys.
* Currys placed 8th in the Financial Times’ ‘Europe’s Climate Leaders
2023’, 2nd amongst UK companies.

UR&I

+ Opened new warehouse facility in the Uk.

+ iD Mobile grew to 1.3m subscribers and renewed its multi-year deal
with Three.

+ Agreed extension of exclusive multi-year partnership with Vodafone.

+ Credit adoption grew +440bps to 17.7% with 19m active customers.

+ Launched award winning RepairLive service, an on demand speedy
repair service, available via video call.

International
+ Next generation retail platform launched in Nordics.
+ R-Retail platforms launched in Greece.

Altemative performance measure (APM). In the reporting of financial informotion throughout the Annual Report
‘and Accounts, the Group uses certain APMSs that are not required under IFRS. We consider these to provide
‘additional useful information on the performance of the business and trends to shareholders. consistent with
those used internally and are disclosedin order to provide parity and transparency for readers of the Annual
Report. Definitions, purpose and reconciliations to the closest statutory equivalent for our APMs are provided
within the Glossory and definitions on pages 231 10 244

(These figures hove been restated. More informotion in Key Performance Indicators on page 74 to 75.

Contents

Strategic Report

1 2022/23 Highlights

2 OurVision

4 OurMarkets

6 — OurBusiness

10 Chair's statement

12 Chief enecutive’s statement

16 OurStrategy

36 OurStokeholders

40 Sustainable business

64 Risk management

66 Principal risks and uncertainties

73 Going concem and viability statement

T4 Key performance indicators

76 Performance Review

Governance

90 Governance at a glance

92 Board of Directors

94 Directors’ Report

97 Corporate Governance Report

110 Audit Committee report

119. Disclosure Committee report

120 Nominations Committee report

123. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
Committee report

125 Remuneration Report

141 Remuneration Committee report

143 Remuneration details for 2022/23

158 Statement of directors’ responsibilities

Financial Statements

159. Independent Auditor's Report

169 Consolidated Income Statement

170 Consolidated Statement of
‘Comprehensive Income

171 Consolidated Balance Sheet

172 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

173 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

174 Notes to the Group Financial Statements

222 Company Balance Sheet

223 Company Statement of Changes in Equity

224 Notes to the Company Financial Statements

230 Five Period Record (unaudited)

Investor Information

231 Glossary and Definitions

245 Shareholder and Corporate Information

Non-Financial Information Statement
We aim to comply with the Non-Financiat
Reporting requirements contained in sections
414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006.
The requirements of this disclosure are
addressed within this section by means of cross
teference in order to avoid duplication and to
help stakeholders understand our position on
key non-financial matters:

Environmental matters (including impact

‘of business on the environment) pages 44-56
TCFD Report poge 56
Colleagues poges 18-23
Social matters pages §7-63
Respect for human rights page 62
‘Anti-corruption and anti-bribery

matters poge 62

Description of our business model pages 8-9
Details of the principal risks relating

tonon-financial matters poges 64-72
Non-financial KPIs pages 74-75

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022/23

Our Vision

We help everyone enjoy
amazing technology

We help customers choose, afford and enjoy amazing technology.

As a market leading technology products
‘and services retailer. our vision drives
everything we do.

Our business model

Many customers find technology exciting,
but also confusing and expensive. We exist
to help every customer choose, afford and

enjoy technology to the full.

The assets, colleagues, capabilities and
scale that we have means that no one
is better placed than Currys to help
customers do oll this.

We help customers choose the right technology,
‘across a wide range of products. through stores or
online. Our capable and committed colleagues
provide expert advice to help customers make
the right choice. We inspire customers to discover
technology, through demo in stores and online.

=D Read more about our Business model
onpage 8.

Our values

We help everyone of ford the technology
they wont. We won't be beaten on price ond,
we can spread the cost of tech through the
responsible use of credit

Our values bind us together in the pursuit of our vision.

Enjoy
for life

We help customers moke the most of their
‘amazing tech through our services. We help

get customers started, help them give their tech
longer life and help them make the most out
of their products. We are uniquely positioned to
help customers throughout the life of their tech.
building relationships that are Long-lasting ond
more valuable to our customers ond to us

We put our customers first
We listen to our customers.
We help our customers.

We deliver on our
customer promises.

We win together
We keep our eyes on the prize.
We win by working together.

We get the best out
of everyone.

We ownit
We play our part.
We learn and we adapt.

We make things better.

=> Read more about our Values on poge 19.

Strategic Report Governance

Our strategy

Investor Information

Financial Statements

Capable and Committed Colleagues

Capable and Committed Colleagues are our greatest
advantage. Happy colleagues make happy customers and
happy shareholders, and none of our competitors can match
our thousands of expert colleagues, or their engagement.

=> Read more about Our Colleagues on page 18.

Customers for Life

We are building customers for life. We want to be more
valuable to customers: this means doing more than selling

them a box. It’s helping them to afford and enjoy (as well os
choose) their technology. for life. Our Credit and other Services,
fuelled by dota, help us build longer-lasting and more valuable
customer relationships.

=} Read about Customers for Life on page 28.

Sustainability priorities

Easy to Shop

For our customers, we will continue to be ever more easy to shop.
We'e strongest when we offer the best of both online and stores
to customers; an omnichannel shopping experience.

=} Read more about Easy to Shop on poge 24.

Grow profits

Our progress for colleagues and customers must (and now can)
be reflected in healthy returns for shareholders. We'll now protect
our #1 share, while continuing to improve gross margins, reducing
costs and improving cash conversion.

=> Read about Grow Profits on page 32.

Net zero eradicate Circular
by 2040 digital Business
poverty Model

=} Read more about our sustainable business on pages 40 to 63.

Help

Grow our

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022/23

Our Markets
and trends

Technology plays a more important role in our lives today than ever.

We believe in the power of technology to improve lives, help people stay connected, productive, fed, clean, healthy and entertained.
We are here to help everyone enjoy these benefits and with our scale and expertise we are uniquely placed to do so.

Strategic Report Governance

Continuing growth drivers

Financial Statements Investor Information

44

Many of the trends that accelerated during the pandemic are enduring trends. Hybrid

working is here to stay, with around 30% of the UK workforce based at home for at least
some of their work, double the amount there were three years ago. In the same way.
online learning and home entertainment continue to grow fast. As a result. there are
more products in people's homes, and this drives more familiarity, reliance and greater
use of tech. This growthis further underpinned by amazing supplier innovation, and we
have several of the world’s largest companies as trusted suppliers. We believe these
trends provide long term upside for our markets and will make tech spend less susceptible

to cyclical downturns.

1/5

UK consumers
bought a new digital
device as a result of
spending more time
at home during the
pandemic

2022/23 Trends

1/10

top global R&D
spend companies
are suppliers
tous®

Gaming is the largest
category in the Uk’s
home entertainment
sector, with revenues
that exceed £4.6bn.
It sets the pace for
innovation across
the entire industry.”

Ed Connolly
Chief Commercial Officer

2022/23 saw tech spend decline globally after the rapid increases during the pandemic. In our markets. a combination of inflation
and interest rate rises have resulted in consumer spending being squeezed.

Given the cost of living pressures and a sustained shift to more sustainable consumer behaviours, we have seen a higher demand for
energy-efficient products such as air fryers, heat pump tumble dryers, microwaves and large capacity washing machines.

Innovation and premium products, such as foldable and flip phones or OLED and QLED TVs, continued to drive demand. Gaming
continues to be strong driven by better console supply and new launches. “Sold with” bundling, such as selling accessories with

computers, has also grown significantly.

2022/2023 Nordics UK
Number of households“” 13m 28m
Annual tech spend per household"? £907 £732
Online share of tech market™ 30% 62%

(Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finlond respective Of fices of Nationol Statistics.
2022 date.
(I) UK Office for National Stotistics.

UK electricals market size (Ebn)

1.UR ONS: UR Porlioment

2.Coursera. 4.Deloitte UR

3. Digitol Entertainment ond Retail Association (ERA)

ll) The Annual tech spend per household for the Nordics hos been converted to NOK
Using the exchange rate os ot 29/04/2023 of 13.38 NOK per GBP.
(WV) Gfk, both for Nordics ond UR dato.

Nordics electricals market size (bnNOK)

5.Europecn Commission

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022/23

Our Business

Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of
technology products and services, operating
online and through 823 stores in 8 countries.
We help everyone enjoy amazing technology,
however they choose to shop with us.

In the UR&I we trade as Currys, in the Nordics under the Elkjop brand
and as Kotsovolos in Greece and Cyprus.

In each of these markets we are the market
leader, employing 28,000 capable and
committed colleagues. Our full range of
services and support makes it easy for

‘our customers to discover, choose, afford
and enjoy the tight technology for them.
throughout their lives. The Group's
operations are supported by a sourcing
Office in Hong Kong, state-of-the-art repair
facilities and an extensive distribution
network, enabling fast and efficient
delivery to stores and homes.

Key Stats

8

Countries

28,000

Colleagues

823

Stores

662m

Website visits

Our vision, We help everyone enjoy
amazing technology. has a powerful social
purpose at its heart. We believe in the
power of technology to improve lives, to
help people stay connected, productive,
healthy, and entertained. We're here to
help everyone enjoy these benefits and
with our scale and expertise, we are
uniquely placed to do so.

Were a leader in giving technology a longer
life through protection, repair, recycting and
reuse. We're reducing our impact on the
environment in our operations and our
wider value chain and will achieve net zero
emissions by 2040. We offer customers
Products that help them save energy.
reduce waste and save water, and we
Partner with charitable organisations to
bring the benefits of amazing technology
to those who might otherwise be excluded.

Group resilience is underpinned by diversification

UR&I

£5.1bn

=} Read more about our performance review
onpage 76.

International

£4.4bn

=> Read more about our performance review
onpage 76.

— Kom — Nes ‘

44

We are leaders
in the markets
we operate in.”

UR&I Market share” Nordic Market share Greek Market
9 9
24.1% 27.6%
2022/23 2022/23
@ Gfk.
14,850 10,100 3,032 © Fonctsestosn
Colleagues (21/22: 16,763) Colleagues (21/22: 10,966) Colleagues (21/22: 3,011) Ieelund, Greenland
cond the Foroe
Istonds,
£7 335m 290m 37m
2 Website visits (21/22: 391m) Website visits (21/22: 322m) Website visits (21/22: 37m)
°
°
2
= | 301 426@ 96
O Jf Stores (21/22: 309) Stores (21/22: 427) Stores (21/22: 94)
5.5m 4.8m 1.2m

Store area sq ft (21/22: 5.5m) Store area sq ft (21/22: 4.8m) Store area sq ft (21/22: 1.1m)

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022/23

Our Business continued

Our business model is to help everyone to choose,

afford and enjoy technology.

Competitive
strengths

Modern omnichannel
network

Our network of 823 stores are well
located and well invested to provide
an excellent customer experience,
and together with our ontine channel
we increasingly provide a true
omnichannel experience.

=D Road more on page 24.

Large and flexible
infrastructure

Our extensive infrastructure canbe
flexed to support sales and provide
services in any channel and wherever
is most convenient for our customers.

=> Read more on page 26.

Established and
well loved brands

Each of our brands has a tong history
as the customers’ preferred brand.

> Read more on page 7.

Strong supplier
relationships

Our strong relationships with suppliers
enable us to provide the best range
and availability of relevant products
at competitive prices.

=D Read more on page 38.

Capable and
committed colleagues

Our colleagues are our greatest
advantage in helping customers choose,
afford and enjoy the technology that

is right for them.

=D Read more on colleagues and culture
‘on page 18.

Customers are at the heart of everything we do. We work constantly to
improve the customer experience and deliver value for all stakeholders.

Customers

We help customers choose the right technology across a huge
range of products, through our stores or online. Our capable
and committed colleagues provide expert face-to-face advice
to help customers make the right choices.

Right Products
Large and relevant range of products including more sustainable
products in every market

Expert Advice
ur 28,000 colleagues who help customers moke the right and
most sustainabte choice

Omnichannet
We help customers choose the right technology. from the best
ronge of products in stores or online

Demonstration
We inspire customers to discover technology, through demo
in stores and online

Easy
When customers know what they want, we make it easy for
them to getit

We are uniquely positioned to
help customers enjoy their tech
throughout their life, and by doing
so we drive relationships that are
long-lasting and more valuable
to our customers and to us.

We help you give you
tech longer life

Protection | Repair | Refurbish
Trade in| Recycle

We help
get you started
Detivery | Instattation | Set up

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Investor Information
Value creation Value created
for stakeholders during the year

Delivering returns Dividend per Share paid
for our shareholders 3.1 5p
Our business is cash generative and
we ensure sustainability of this cash
Customers find technology exciting generation through considered capital
but expensive. We help everyone deployment.
afford the technology they need. 1D Rood more on grow profits on page 32,
We can spread the cost of tech
rT i Group NPS
through the responsible use of credit. Satisfying our customers
Customers need the amozing +1 .O pt

technology we sell to keep connected,
healthy, productive and entertained.
Helping them choose from the vast,
range of products and making sure they
can

get the most out of itis at the heart

of what we do.

=} Read more on customers for life
onpage 28.

Group eSot

Engaging our colleagues 78 10pt
+1.0pts

We can only keep our customers
happy if we have happy colleagues.
Paying colleagues fairly and building
skills for life are essential to our

long term success.
=} Read more on colleague engagement
on page 18.
Revenue growth
Generating growth ike-for-tike)
for our suppliers (1)%

Our scale and our stores provide an
omnichannel customer experience that
our suppliers can find nowhere else,
and because of that we have strong,
relationships with all the major
manufacturers.

= Read more on our markets on page 4.

e-waste collected across our

Environment & group for reuse or recycting

Communities 102,5761ns

Reduction in scope 1,263

We care for the world around us. <
emissions against a 2019/20

We are proud to be a leading retail

We help you get the repairer and recycler of tech in all boseline
most out of your tech our markets. We will reduce our impact 43%
Connectivity | Help and Support on the globe while investing in our
Tutorials | Subscriptions communities and good causes. Contributions to charities ond
‘communities through key
=P Read more on programmes 6 initiatives

onpone to £550,000
YY

10

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2022/23

Chair’s statement

Currys exists to
help everyone enjo
amazing technolog

Introduction

joined Currys in September 2022, excited
by the opportunity to work with such a
great business. We are number one in every
market we operate in, have scale and
capabilities that our competitors can't
match, and provide products and services
that are increasingly essential to our
customers lives.

Review of Performance

While the medium to tong term prospects
for Currys remain strong, we are currently
facing challenges from an inflationary
environment which is impacting consumer
confidence, particularly in our two main
markets of the UR&! and the Nordics.

This backdrop made 2022/23 a very
challenging year for the Group, with
revenues down 6% and a fall of 38%

in Adjusted PBT YoY.

Our performance in the UK&I was

very encouraging and shows that our
transformation is working. Adjusted EBIT
was up 45% YoY driven by increasing gross
margins, not least through record Services
adoption, and strong cost discipline. Were
delighted with our growing momentum and
believe we are well positioned to navigate
the business through the current market
environment. The success of our
transformation can also be seen by our
growing customer satisfaction scores and
record levels of colleague engagement
which put the UK6I business in the top 10%
of all businesses.

We had a very difficult year in the
Nordics. Margins were sharply down due to
depressed demand, high cost inflation and
unrelenting competitive intensity leading to

Adjusted EBIT of £26m, 82% lower than the

previous year. We have taken decisive

action to address these issues in order to
protect our number one market share and
to rebuild our profitability. In March, we
appointed Fredrik Tonnesen as Nordics
Chief Executive Officer, to take over from
Erik Sonsterud and believe that his strong
commercial and operational experience
position him well to get the business back
‘on track.

Our Greek business, Kotsovolos, again
performed strongly and is an excellent
business with a bright future. In June, we
announced we are conducting a strategic
review to assess how best to take
Kotsovolos forward to maximise value

for our shareholders.

Looking ahead, the economic environment
in our two main markets is expected to
remain challenging for some time. We are
managing our business accordingly with