Dixons COPAY
Carphone 0#105405

Annual Report and Accounts

201/18

Y ul J

‘oanonove #277
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
fa]
a
w
Zz
a
wo
s

www.dixonscarphone.com
°@DixonsCarphone

Contents

Strategic Report

Business at a glance
Chairman's Statement

Group Chief Executive’s Statement

Strategy, KPIs and Risks overview

Our markets, business model and strategy

Key Performance Indicators

Principal risks to achieving the Group's objectives
Performance review

Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Governance

36
38
48

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report

Directors’ Report

Audit Committee Report

Disclosure Committee Report

Nominations Committee Report

Remuneration Report

Remuneration Report - Remuneration Policy
Remuneration Report - Annual Remuneration Report
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

93

100
101
102
103
104
105
152
153
154

Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement

Notes to the Group financial statements
Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity

Notes to the Company financial statements

Investor information

161
162
163

Five year record (unaudited)
Shareholder and corporate information
Glossary and definitions

Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

1

Strategic Report

Business at a glance

Dixons Carphone plc is Europe’s leading specialist electrical and mobile
phone retailer and services company, employing over 42,000 people
in nine countries.

© Group like-for-like* revenue up 4%, statutory revenue up 3%, maintained
market leading share

© UK & Ireland like-for-like revenue up 2%
© Strong growth in International; Nordics like-for-like up 9%, Greece up 11%
¢ Group headline* PBT of £382 million (2016/17: £500 million):

¢ Headline basic EPS* 26.2p (2016/17: 33.5p), statutory basic EPS
14.4p (2016/17: 25.6p)

¢ Total statutory profit before tax of £289 million (2016/17: £404 million) after
non-headline charges of £93 million (2016/17: £96 million)

° Free cash flows* of £172 million (2016/17: £178 million) and net debt reduced
by £22 million to £249 million

¢ Final dividend of 7.75p proposed, maintaining full year dividend at
11.25p (2016/17: 11.25p)

Headline* revenue (£ millions) Headline* EBIT (£ millions) Headline* basic EPS (pence)
Headline* revenue by Headline* EBIT by
Division (2017/18) Division (2017/18)

* See glossary for definition of terms including headline performance measures. Results for 2016/17 have been restated as set out in note 31 to the Group financial

statements.
Figures presented in charts for 2014/15 and previous periods are ‘pro forma’ results as defined in the glossary

2 Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

Business segments

Our European store presence

Strategic Report

We operate three segments as follows:

Brands Websites
UK & Ireland ‘Currys PC World currys.co.uk
‘inih currys.ie
* Cumys PC World is the largest specialist electrical retaling and services
operator in the UK & Ireland. peworld.co.uk
, , . ; pewortd ie
* Carphone Warehouse is the largest independent telecommunications retailer
in the UK & Ireland. Garphone Warehouse ‘carphonewarehouse.com
* Dixons Travel is a leading airport electrical retailer, with stores across the UK carphonewarehouse.ie
& Ireland and Oslo. Dixons Travel <ixonstravel.com
* Team Knowhow is our services brand.
Team Knowhow teamknowhow.com
* iD Mobile is our MVNO offering innovative and flexible propositions.
; oo DMobie idmobile.co.uk
* Simplifydigital is a leading UK price comparison and switching service for
broadband, digital TV and home phone services. Simplifydigital ‘Simplifydigital co.uk
* PC World Business provides computing products and services to business to PC World Business peworldbusiness.co.uk
business (‘828’) customers
Carphone Warehouse business.carphonewarehouse.com
* Carphone Warehouse Business provides telecommunications products and Business
services to business to business ('82B') customers.
Nordies Eikjop elkjop.no
+ The Elkjop Group is the leading specialist electrical retailer across the Eigiganten elgiganten.se
Nordics. elgiganten.dk
* Elkjop and Elkjep Phonehouse stores operate in Norway, Elgiganten and Gigantti gigantti.i
Elgiganten Phone House in Sweden and Denmark and Gigantti in Finland.
. Phone House phonehouse.se
Knowhow has been introduced in the Nordic region. Bhonehouse.no
* InfoCare is the largest consumer electrical repair company in the region, -
‘operating in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. InfoCare infocareworkshop.no
Greece Kotsovolos kotsovolos.gr

* Kotsovolos is Greece's leading specialist electrical retailer.

Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18 3

Strategic Report

Chairman’s Statement

2017/18 has been a difficult year for Dixons Carphone, both for colleagues
and for our shareholders. We are all disappointed with the financial results
but are determined to build on the many strengths of the Group to drive

the business forward.

We are the clear market leaders in seven countries, have
great people and stores, and a strong financial position. We
were delighted to welcome Alex Baldock as the Group's
new Chief Executive Officer. He brings an outstanding
record of value creation across a range of businesses by
focussing on customers, people and delivery. Already he
has made significant changes to the business and the
energy this is releasing within the business is apparent.
Shortly we will also welcome Jonny Mason as the Group’s

_ Chief Financial Officer, Jonny brings a wealth of retail and

consumer experience

Despite issues in the UK, we have delivered a strong
performance in our International businesses. We are one

of the largest international retailers in Europe, with terrific
stores from Aberdeen to Athens, Trondheim to Tralee.

Our UK & Ireland 3-in-1 stores are in great shape and our
infrastructure unmatched. We continue to grow revenues
and gain market share. However, profitability in the UK &
Ireland has been disappointing and our performance has not
been good enough. This is a resilient Group and we know
we can do a lot better.

Headline profit before tax was £382 million (£289 million on
a statutory basis), with good cash flow conversion and net
debt declining year-on-year to £249 million. The Board has
recommended that the Company will maintain a dividend of
11.25 pence per share for the full year, with final payment of
7.75p to be paid on 21 September 2018.

| believe that businesses should be about more than just
making sales, profits, helping customers and providing good
jobs although these are all very important. Good businesses
‘should help the communities in which they operate. To be
effective, Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) must be

at the core of our business. Done well, it can enhance our
brand, create new business opportunities, reduce costs

and engage our employees. It matters not just to the people
we help, but to our colleagues, customers, suppliers and
shareholders.

To this end, we have recently launched our new CSR
‘strategy and programme, ‘Live Earth Neutral’. We believe
that our unique expertise in technology can be used to help
tackle social issues and we are hugely supportive of our

colleagues’ roles in contributing to good causes. Dixons
Carphone is proud to be one of three Founding Corporate
Partners of Heads Together. This mental health initiative

of The Royal Foundation, spearheaded by The Duke and
Duchess of Cambridge and The Duke of Sussex, combines
a campaign to tackle stigma and change the conversation
on mental health with fundraising for a series of innovative
mental health services. Heads Together has made a
significant progress with tackling stigma and continues to
strengthen the mental health support sector.

The security of our data is also hugely significant to the
business and in light of the unauthorised data access

we recently became aware of, we will further bolster our
information security capabilities and review procedures by
improving IT security controls, training, monitoring, testing
and oversight.

| would also like to record my thanks to the more than
42,000 colleagues at Dixons Carphone. Their hard work,
enthusiasm and dedication to providing great customer
service is one of the Group’s enduring strengths.

The composition of the Board has also seen significant
change this year. | would like to take this opportunity to
express my thanks to Sebastian James, Humphrey Singer,
Andrew Harrison and Katie Bickerstaffe who have led this
Group since its merger. Andrew, although no longer on the
Board remains with us as he focuses once again on The
Carphone Warehouse Limited.

Looking ahead, the coming year brings with it some
further challenges and as a result we have guided market
expectations lower, but we remain optimistic about the
longer term. We have though taken the decision to invest
further in the coming year, providing our colleagues with
the right tools and our customers with even better service.
| strongly believe that this is the way to drive long-term
shareholder value.

Lord Livingston of Parkhead
Chairman
20 June 2018

4 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

Group Chief Executive’s Statement

Strategic Report

| came to Dixons Carphone because | was convinced that this business
had many strengths and plenty of opportunities. A few months in the
business have only cemented that view. We’re number one in each of our
markets, with people and capability our competitors can only dream of.
Our future lies in making the most of these strengths which we’re well-

placed to do.

Group headline PBT was £382 million in the year, down
from £500 million last year. Like-for-like revenue was up
4% and we maintained our market leading shares. With
stronger cash generation year on year we ended the period
with net debt of £249 million. Statutory profit before tax was
£289 million, down from £404 million last year.

The International businesses had an excellent year with like-
for-like revenue up 9% in the Nordics and 11% in Greece.
Both achieved record levels of market share, extending their
market leadership with an increase in operating margins.
The Nordics also saw growth in customer satisfaction and
profits while the rebranding of Lefdal to Elkjap has seen
sales transfers exceed expectations. In Greece, we continue
to roll out new ranges as well as an ever-improving digital
platform and achieved record net promoter and employee
engagement scores.

In the UK & Ireland, full year like-for-like revenue was up
2% with the final quarter of the year delivered against a
more subdued market backdrop while maintaining our
market leading share. Online sales saw another year of
double digit growth, ahead of the market. The combination
of channel and category mix effects was more pronounced
in the second half of the year driving a greater adverse
gross margin. This was due partly to the costs of providing
associated home delivery and installation services.

Our UK mobile business maintained its leadership position
delivering flat like-for-like sales growth across the year

in a declining postpay market. As seen throughout the
year, postpay market conditions and our contractual
commitments with the networks have meant that gross
margins continued to be challenged.

In the coming year, with our International businesses in
good shape and set to reinforce their market leadership
positions, we're focusing our immediate actions on the UK.

As we did in 2017/18, we're budgeting for a contraction

in the UK electricals market and will use our scale to
maintain our market share. We expect some cost increases
in UK electricals, including National Living Wage and IT
depreciation, partially offset by gross margin recovery
initiatives including range optimisation, better availability
and reduced levels of markdown.

In mobile, we're stabilising our performance through
improvements to our proposition and network agreements.
In both, we'll work hard to improve our cost efficiency. We
expect a further decline in the postpay market against which
we expect to increase our share of SIMO and SIM free
handsets. Overall, gross margins are expected to be down,
partially offset by cost initiatives. We'll close 92 Carphone
Warehouse standalone stores this year, with all colleagues
offered redeployment at other local shops.

Looking ahead, we’ll invest in both our colleagues and
customers — giving our colleagues the right tools and the
customer an improved experience. For example, we'll help
customers avoid calling us unnecessarily by improving
online self-service and with better communications. In
stores we'll increase product training hours by over a third.

It’s fair to say that nobody is happy with this year’s
performance, but although there's plenty to fix, it’s all
fixable. Because in every market we are leaders. In every
country, major category, in products and services we're
number one, growing the top line, and continuing to gain
share.

It has struck me since my first day here quite how many
very good people we have in this business; from leadership
through to front line, how much they care and how much
they know.

Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18 5

Strategic Report

Group Chief Executive’s Statement

The core retail capabilities here are as good as anywhere.

If we exist to help customers discover and choose the

right technology for them we need to make the most of our
strengths as we do so. Our stores are absolutely the heart of
that; exciting shops at scale, in a multi-channel environment
which is what we and nobody else can offer. They are going
to continue to be at the core of what we do.

In services we can do things that our competitors simply
cannot match; things that will allow us to build more
valuable relationships with our customers.

We have a strong online platform and we'll make it easier for
customers to find and buy the right products and services
for them, for example with faster site speed and better
recommendations. We also have a tonne of data that we've
yet to make the most of, for instance we'll direct more
resource at digital customer relationship marketing (‘CRM’).
The opportunity to use our data is exciting, but only if we
look after and protect it and we must take responsibility

for the unauthorised access to our data that took place
within the past year. We fell short and are determined to
put this right, starting by tripling spend in this space in the
coming year. Cyber crime is a continual battle for business
today and we are determined to tackle this fast changing
challenge.

There is a lot of energy to be unleashed in this business and
the important foundations of market strength and capability
are all there. This process starts by being clear and open
about where the business truly is today and what it could
be.

We're working at pace to bring long-term direction to the
business, through a new leadership team that has promoted
top talent, leading to clearer, simpler, and faster decisions.
We've removed unhelpful silos, especially those that have
inhibited the development of our services proposition.

Our new Chief Customer Officer role gives the customer a
louder voice in the business and brings together and adds
new impetus to key areas important to our future, such as
data and analytics, marketing services and technology.
We're also speeding up decision-making, starting with some
streamlined governance.

Our vision for the business will give customers what they
value and make the most of our exceptional strengths and
bring this business much closer together. It will be a plan
that faces into some tough choices and emphasises what
matters most, with a sharper focus on the core business
where we see plenty of opportunity and much less focus
on peripheral activities. We will deliver with conviction and
consistency; we're also setting a clear direction.

It is the commitment and know-how of so many of my
colleagues, the breadth and depth of our multichannel
capability, the sheer energy we can release here that | know
will drive our success. I’m energised by the strength of our
market position, of our appeal to customers. There’s so
much more to come from Dixons Carphone, although plenty
of hard work lies ahead.

I'm delighted to be part of the team that will shape the
future of this exciting business.

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive
20 June 2018

6 _, Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

7

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Strategy, KPIs and Risks overview

Our markets* Our strategic priorities?

Achievements in 2017/18°

Multi-channel retailing Enhance and drive a successful
and sustainable retail business
model in a multi-channel world

Market share and like-for-like revenue
growth in core markets

Sustained high levels of customer
satisfaction and price competitiveness

Completed our 3-in-1 property programme
and announced reduction in standalone
Carphone estate

Improved online navigation and faster
check outs

Consolidation of our Norwegian retail
brands

Growth in iD mobile base and multi-play
share

Strong B2B growth in Nordics

After-sales services and support Leverage our scale, our knowhow,
and our unique infrastructure
to drive growth in after-sales
services and support

Rebrand and launch of. Team Knowhow

Launch of nationwide same-day delivery
and midnight cut off for next day delivery
across certain categories

Extended network capacity to meet
demands of increased home delivery
volumes

8 Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

Plans for 2018/19°

Relevant Group KPIs*

Principal risks®

Cost investment to provide our
colleagues the right resources and the
customer an improved experience
Market position

Headline EBIT

Improved range optimisation, better
availability and greater promotional
discipline

Unrelenting approach to price and

i" Free cash flow
service

Stabilise performance in mobile
through propositions and network
agreements

Extension of same day delivery and
order up to midnight for next day

Evolve the Carphone business to meet
changing customer demands

Closure of 92 standalone Carphone
stores

Enhanced and simplified online
journeys

Headline revenue

Like-for-like revenue growth

Return on capital employed

Dependence on networks
Dependence on key suppliers

Consumer environment and sustainable
business model

Greek business

Headline profit before tax

IT systems and infrastructure
Information security

Non-compliance with Financial Conduct
Authority (‘FCA’) regulation

Colleague retention and capability

Business continuity plans are
not effective

Health and safety
Fraud
Impact of Brexit

Continued roll-out of Team Knowhow Headline revenue

Enhance and expand existing
propositions

Market position

Return on capital employed

Consumer environment and sustainable
business model

IT systems and infrastructure
Information security
Colleague retention and capability

Business continuity plans are
not effective

Fraud

Impact of Brexit

arena

‘Our markets pages 10 to 11
Business model and strategy pages 11 to 13,

Chairman's and Group Chief Executive's Statements on pages 4 to 6
Key Performance Indicators are explained on page 14

Principal risks to achieving the Group's objectives on pages 15 to 18

Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

9

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Our markets

Where we operate

The Group's core retail focus is the sale of consumer
electricals and mobile phone products and connectivity. The
Group also has a significant services infrastructure focused
on maintenance, support, repairs, delivery and installation of
hardware and services.

The consumer electrical and mobile phone hardware
markets are served by a relatively small number of global
manufacturers and mobile connectivity is predominantly led
by a small number of mobile network operators (MNOs).

These suppliers can access markets directly through their
own branded stores and online channels, or more widely,
via partnering with third parties. Established businesses,
with well-regarded brands, sizeable market shares and
nationwide store footprints provide suppliers with the
widest and most efficient access to the largest number of
consumers.

Today the Group operates in markets in which it is the clear
market share leader. Its brands, which include Currys PC
World and Carphone Warehouse in the UK & Ireland, Elkjop.
and Elkjop Phonehouse, Elgiganten and Elgiganten Phone
House and Gigantti in the Nordic countries and Kotsovolos
in Greece all provide nationwide presence. Our key service
brand is Team Knowhow in the UK, Ireland and the Nordics.

What we do

Multi-channel retailing

Currys PC World Carphone Warehouse is the only
nationwide consumer electricals and mobile phone retailer
in the UK & Ireland. The Elkjap Group in the Nordics and
Kotsovolos in Greece are the largest consumer electrical
retailers in their respective markets.

The consumer electricals retail market can be split between
specialist electrical retailers, such as Currys PC World and
Elkjop, and general retailers which sell electrical goods as
Part of a wider offering. The market can also be broken
down into two distinct distribution channels: ‘assisted’ and
‘unassisted’. In the assisted channel, specialist retailers
help customers through the buying process in the form of
product advice, add-on services, delivery and installation.
The unassisted channel, which includes single channel
internet retailers as well as general retailers, tends not to
Offer all of these services.

Specialist electrical retailers remain the predominant
destination for customers in the European consumer
electrical market. Buying groups, general merchants and
independents also have a retail presence through stores
and / or online.

In each of our markets there are varying numbers of
specialist retailers who compete in the assisted market.
Whilst we compete against general retailers, this is usually
limited to certain lower price categories and we consider
that these retailers do not offer the full range of products,
assisted sale or the other services that we are able to
provide.

In consumer electricals, own-brand products enable us to
offer customers greater choice and access to a range of
products at competitive prices. We have defined a clear

‘good, better, best’ brand range including: Essentials,
Logik, iWantit, Advent, Goji and Sandstrom brands. We
see particular opportunities in the area of accessories and
essentials with, for example, our own range of Sandstrom
cables.

In mobile phone retailing, Carphone Warehouse is the only
nationwide independent channel and is uniquely placed

to offer impartial advice over the vast array of network,
handset and operating platform propositions available in the
market.

In addition to Carphone Warehouse, the mobile phone
connectivity and handset market is served by MNOs,

with whom the Group has long and well-established
relationships, as well as independent and generalist
retailers. The MNOs will offer propositions for their own
networks, whilst independent and generalist retailers will
provide a greater variety of propositions on one or multiple
networks as well as handsets. There are also online-only
retailers, providing a variety of these services. This market is
also served by Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs).

The innovation of mobile phones continues to grow —
albeit the incremental innovation has slowed - from simple
mobile devices to sophisticated hardware with advanced
functionality. The slowdown in innovation has led to the
extension of handset cycles and a consumer shift towards
more SIMO connections and handset only sales. There is a
wide choice of operating platforms and network options for
customers, which makes the Group's expert and impartial
advice, simplified by the tablet based tool, Pin Point,
particularly relevant.

We have seen some significant shifts in capacity in many
of our markets in recent years; in consumer electricals
some mass merchandisers have been reducing space for
electrical products, some single channel internet operators
have de-emphasised certain segments, and in some,
specialists have exited the market entirely. These shifts
help us to gain market share and it underpins our view that
a strong service-led multi-channel operation satisfies both
customer and supplier needs while delivering a sustainable
business as customer shopping habits continue to evolve.
We believe further consolidation will occur in some of our
markets.

The internet has established itself as an important part

of the retail landscape. It supports enhanced product
information as well as price comparability. It is an essential
part of the buying process for customers, particularly for
large ticket discretionary products. However, the expert
advice provided by well-informed sales advisors within
stores is highly valued by customers and suppliers. Larger
retailers, with an integrated multi-channel offer, with scalable
distribution and systems, together with proven after-sales
service and support are increasingly attractive to both.

The increase in online penetration provides us with the
opportunity to increase both the range of goods on offer and
the availability of product information. Our multi-channel
approach is well placed to exploit synergies between our
internet sites and stores.

Our reserve&collect service (collect@store in the Nordics),
where customers can order on the internet and collect from
aconvenient store, at a time to suit them, remains a strong
advantage of our store network. Similarly, our pay&collect
service, where customers can access a wider range of

10 Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2017/18

products than is typically available in their local store for
either home delivery or later collection from the store, is also
increasingly popular.

Innovation brings new products with improved functionality
that drives sales growth. These include smart and
connected washing machines and fridge freezers, OLED
TVs, wearable technology, connected products for the home
such as heating and lighting and the latest smartphones.
Content, such as social media, apps, camera picture quality,
digital media and cloud storage, also help to drive hardware
innovation and replacement.

The rapid innovation cycle may lead to price deflation, but
also drives volumes as products become more affordable
and replacement cycles accelerate. For larger ticket items,
the low frequency of purchases limits the impact of price
deflation on total market sales as consumers typically
trade up to higher specification products. Our ‘Customer
Journeys’ are designed to explain the features and benefits
of the latest technology to customers and help them
understand the reasons for trading up to these newer
technologies.

In mobile we are experiencing an extension of replacement
cycles as the cost of the devices has increased markedly
as incremental innovation has slowed. This has led to a
contraction in the postpay market in recent years, against
which we expect to increase our focus on SIMO and SIM-
free handset propositions.

After-sales services and support

Everyday technology, whether smart TVs and appliances,
computing or mobile phones, is becoming more
complicated with connectivity and inter-operability
becoming increasingly necessary. Families are dependent
on this technology for keeping in touch with friends and
family, entertainment, work, finances and school homework.

In addition, innovation drives new service requirements,
including TV installation, data backup, computer set up and
instructional “Showhow” teach-ins. In this complex world
we believe our assisted sales model is best placed to help
customers