currys

Annual -
Report &
Accounts —

2024/25
HME

Our business

2

Business
model

Our markets

4

Our strategy

1

Investment
case

6

Sustainable

Inside this report

Strategic Report
1 2024/25 highlights

2 Ourbusiness

4 Ourmarkets

6 Investment case

8 Business model

10. Choir's statement

12 Chief Executive's statement

16 Ourstrotegy

28 Ourstakeholders

32 Sustainable business

52 Risk manogement

54 Principal risks ond uncertainties

58 Going concein and viability statement

59 Key Performance Indicators
63 Performance review

Governance
72 Governance at a glance

74 Board of directors

76 Directors report

79 Corporate governance report
91 Audit committee report

99 Disclosure committee report
100 Nominations committee report

103 Environmental. Social and Governance

CESG) committee report
105 Remuneration committee report
109 Remuneration at a glance

110 Remuneration policy

121 Annual remuneration report
for 2024/25

138 Statement of directors’
tesponsibilities

Financial Statements

139 Independent ouditor's report

150 Consolidated income statement

151 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

152 Consolidated balance sheet

153 Consolidated statement of
changes inequity

154 Consolidated cash flow statement

155. Notes to the Group financial
statements

200 Company balance sheet

201 Company statement of changes
inequity

202 Notes to the Company financial
statements

208 Five period record (unaudited)

Investor Information

209 Glossary and definitions

222 Shoreholder ond corporate
information

Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

‘We comply with the Non-Finonciol Reporting
requirements contoinedin sections 414CA ond 414CB
of the Companies Act 2006. The requirements of
this Gisclosure ore addressed within this section
‘bymeons of cioss reference in order to ovoid
duplication ond to help stakeholders understond
‘our position on key non-finonciol matters:

Environmentat motters (including impact

‘of business on the envionment) poges 36-47
TCFD report poge 3?
Colleagues poges 18-19
Sociol matters poges 48-51
Respect for human rights poge 5!
Anti-cortuption ond onti-briberymatters page 51
Description of our business model pages 8-9
Details of the principal risks relating

to non-financial matters poges 52-57
Non-financial KPIs. poge 59

rs) www.currysple.com/investors
For the lotest news visit our website.

Strategic Report Govemance Financial Statements Investor Information

2024/25 highlights

Revenue” Adjusted profit before tax Adjusted EPS”

£8,706m £162m —11.3p

Free cash flow” Profit/(loss) before tax”

£149m  —s- £124m 10.0p

Summary

+ Group adjusted profit before tax £162m, +37% YoY

+ Group free cash flow £149m, +82% YoY .

+ Group year-end net cash £184m, +£88m YoY, resulting in the strongest balance sheet in over a decade
Final dividend of 1.5p declared, in-line with ambition to deliver healthy and recurring shareholder returns
UR&I revenue grew +6% driven by market share gains and strategic initiatives, including recurring Services
revenue +12%, credit sales +14% to £1.1bn and iD Mobile subscribers +26% to 2.2m

- Nordics profit improving despite tough market and currency headwinds
Colleague engagement score +Ipt to 82, amongst top 5% of global companies”

Customer satisfaction rising with UR&I Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’) of 55, +6pts Yo2¥ and Nordics NPS of 63

) In the reporting of financiol information, the Group uses certain measures thot ore not required under IFRS. These ore presented in accordance with the Guidelines
On APMs issued by the Evopean Secuities ond Markets Authority CESMA’ cnd ore consistent with those used internally by the Group's Chief Operating Decision
‘Moker to evaluate trends, monitor perfomance, and forecost results. These APMs may not be directly comparable with other similorly titled meosures of
‘odjusted’ or ‘underlying’ revenue or profit measures used by other companies. including those within our industry, ond are not intended to be a substitute for. or
supetiot to. IFRS measures. Further information and definitions con be found in the Notes to the Financial Information of this report.

@ Vivo-Gtint. Apil 2025 survey completed by 22.200 colleagues acioss the Group

2

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024/25

Our business

Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of
technology products and services, operating
online and through 708 stores in 6 countries.
We help everyone enjoy amazing technology,
however they choose to shop with us.

In the UR & Ireland we trade as Currys and

we operate our own mobile virtual network.

iD Mobile. In the Nordics we trade under

the Elkjep brand with o mix of both owned

and franchise stores. We'e the leading
omnichannel retailer in all our morkets, ble to
serve all households and emptoying more than
24,000 capable and committed colleagues.

We help everyone enjoy amazing technology,
We believe in the power of technology

to improve lives, helping people stoy
connected, productive, fit, clean, healthy

and entertained. We're here to help everyone
enjoy those benefits ond, with our scale and
expertise. were uniquely placed to do so.

(Our full range of services and support makes
it easy for our customers to discover. choose.
offord ond enjoy the right technology to the
full. The Group's operations include one of
Europe's largest technology tepcir facilities
‘and an extensive distribution network. centied
‘around Newark in the UX and Jénképing in
Sweden. enabling fast and efficient delivery
to stores and homes.

Group resilience is underpinned by diversification

UR&I

£5.3bn

=} Red more in ou
performance review
onpage 63.

Group revenue by product

@ White goods
@ Mobile

@ Computing
@ Consumer products
@ Other

Group revenue by channel

@Online @ Stores

We're aleader in giving technology o longer
life through reuse. repair and recycling. We're
reducing our impact on the environment in

our operations ond our wider value chain,
and we aim to achieve net zero emissions

by 2040. We offer customers products that
help them save energy and water. as well os
reduce waste, and we partner with charitable
orgonisations to bring the benefits of amazing
technology to those who might otherwise

be excluded.

Nordics

£3.4bn

=} Read more in our
performance review
on page 63,

Group revenue by customer
type

@B2C = @ BB

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements } { Investor Information

Our brands
UK market share Nordics market share”
17% 28%
2024/25 2024/25
Our footprint Our footprint
Year established Size of market” Year established Size of market”

1884 £30bn 1962 £1ibn

Number of households” Online share of market Number of households” Online share of market

30.2m 66% 13.0m 37%

Stores Colleagues Stores Colleagues
296 14,900 412 9,500
(2023/24: 298) (2023/24: 14,500) (2023/24: 421) (2023/24: 9,800)

UK&I market share?

9%

Mobile handsets, 2024/25

Our network

Year established

2015

Subscriber base

2.2m

(2023/24: 1.8m)

Subscriber growth

+26% YoY

(Gtk - April 2026.
2) Uk and lretond Offices of Notional Statistics - 2023. Sweden, Norwoy, Denmark ond Finland respective Offices of National Statistics - 2024/25.
(3) Number of employees correct as of 3 Moy 2028, encluding colleagues on fixed term contracts

4

4

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024/25
Our.markets

Technology plays a more important role in
our lives today than ever before. We believe
in the power of technology to improve lives,
to help people stay connected, productive,
fit, clean, healthy and entertained.

Smart _ Ww i
Smart hub
ke
Speaner Drone

Hairdryer

ssTV Tablet
Laptop
Monitor
Printer r CCTV camera
Gaming chair Electric toothbrush
Headphones : | smart scale
Mobile t
Phone Smart thermostat
Video doorbell Steam iron
Washing
Lstv machine
eel ____Tumble dryer
. —_F
Vacuum
Home phone — cleaner
e-bike — L— p89
Gomes Smart | Smart Smart . L Coffee Cooker Air
Soundbar console speaker hub lighting Freezer Machin fryer Microwave

Strategic Report

Governance

An exciting

Financial Statements

Investor Information

year

ahead for the
computing market

Computing represents over o quarter of Group soles
‘and next year could see significant growth of the market.
In our position as market leader, Currys is well placed to
capitalise on this.

A year of innovation and transition

We are in an exciting period for personal computing. In the
ever-evolving landscape of technology, the past year hos
seen remarkable advancements in artificial intelligence
CAT) computing technology, with further growth expected
in the yeor ahead,

The integration of Alin personal computers (PCs)
promises to revolutionise the way we interact with
technology, making our devices smarter, more responsive,
and ultimately more useful in our daily lives. These 7
innovations, alongside Windows 10 going out of suppoit
‘ond new console gaming launches. set the stage for
growing demand in the computing market next year.

Benefits of Al technology

Al technology has the potential to significantly benefit
users’ daily routines, making complex tasks more
manageable and freeing up users to focus on higher-
value activities.

New AIPCs can provide great benefits, such as: all-day
bottery life, enhanced communication tools like live
translation and studio effects. and faster task completion
like email summarization, saving users time for what they
enjoy. In corporate settings. Al can analyse vost amounts
of data to create reports, schedule meetings. and draft
emails. In the creative industry. it assists with content
creation by offering design suggestions ond optimising
workflows.

Al's ability to learn and adapt over time ensures that it
femains on invaluable tool. driving users to seek out new
PCs that are capable of harnessing its full potential.

Replacement cycles may accelerate
Five years on from the Covid-19 pandemic. which

sow unusually high sales of PCs. there is an increasing
likelihood that consumers will look to replace existing
products with new technology. Alongside the wave of
improvement in technology, many of the PCs purchased
during the pandemic are now due for replacement.

(GER April 2026.

This could be additionally influenced by Windows 10
going out of support in October 2025. with Windows 10
systems becoming more vulnerable to cyber threats
without future security updates. In the UK alone. there

are potentially miltions of active Windows 10 users.
Consumers will likely upgrade to newer systems running
Windows tl to ensure their dato remains secure and that
their systems ore fully compatible with new software ond
applications.

Anexciting year for gaming

Itis not just productivity gains that will drive computing
uptoke, The next 12 months look exciting for gaming with
the launch of the Nintendo Switch 2, of fering enhanced
performance, features ond accompanied by a host of
new gaming titles such as Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong
Bonanza and many more. The recently announced ROG
Hbox Allyis another handheld gaming launch that could
catalyse consumer toke up of gaming devices.

Alongside consote gaming. the new NVIDIA 50 series
graphics cards are being rolled out. providing gamers
unrivalled graphics and capabilites.

Currys - Well placed to help customers
enjoy this technology

Currys is well placed to help customers enjoy these
advancements in technology. It is by far the largest
omnichannel retailer of technology in all its markets, with
hundreds of stores, that allow customers to see, touch.
feel and try amazing tech, and thousands of expert
colleagues thot con give customers the best advice
onthe right solution for their needs.

Currys enjoys strong relationships with all the major
suppliers, demonstrated through the 75% share that.
‘Currys UR currently has in Al laptops.

6

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024/25

Our investment case

Currys plc is a business with solid foundations and significant competitive advantages.
It has a clear strategy to increase free cashflow and a balance sheet that is now strong
enough to return increasing amounts of surplus free cash flow to shareholders.

Clear #1 omnichannel retailer in all our markets

with a diversified revenue base

"The UK technology market is worth £30bn and the Nordics market £11bn. Our scale underpins our
long-term supplier relationships while our high brand awareness creates growth opportunities through

market share expansion.

UK technology market share Nordics technology market share

Strategic priorities designed
to grow profits and cash flow

Our strategy is designed around four simple pillars that aim to drive higher customer satisfaction

and loyalty, drive sales, improve gross margin and lower costs.

Capable and Committed Easy to Shop
Colleagues Sales are increasingly
Colleague engagement - omnichannel

at record levels .

@ in-store onty @ Both online and in-store
© Ontine only

Customers for Life
Increasing database
of customers

Nordics Customer Club members

See poge 18 for more details. See poge 20 for more details.

()_GfR ond company reports

See poge 22 for more detoils

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Investor Information

We are seeing the benefits of our strategy, through improved profitability, and continue to target at
least 3% adjusted EBIT margins.

Grow Profits
UK&I adjusted EBIT margin Nordics adjusted EBIT margin

Significantly improved balance sheet

The last five years have seen a significant improvement to the Group's balance sheet as indebtedness
excluding lease liabilities has improved from £(805)m deficit to a surplus of + £81m. The Group intends
to remain in a healthy net cash position, even as the pension deficit continues to reduce, but does not
need any further cash on the balance sheet.

@Net cash/(debt) @ Working capital facilities @ Pension deficit (IAS 19) O Total

Aim to increase shareholder returns

The Group has a clear line of sight on increasing free cash flow through operating performance and
for an ever greater proportion of it to flow to equity as the pension deficit reduces. The Group's
capital allocation priorities are clearly stated and following the recent resumption of dividends

at 5x EPS cover, any surplus cash generated is available to be returned to shareholders.

Invest to grow business/profits/cash flow

Pay and grow ordinary dividend

Surplus capital available for share buybacks

Maintain prudent balance sheet

Pay required pension contributions

(1) UR6! adjusted EBIT morgin in 22/23 includes a non-repeat £30m mobile revaluation which accounts for 0.6% of totol UKGI adjusted EBIT morgin.

8

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024/25

Our business model

To help everyone choose, afford and enjoy technology.

Competitive
strengths

Modern omnichannel
network

‘Our 708 stores are well located and invested
to provide a true omnichannel experience. Our
infrastructure can also be flexed to support
soles and provide services wherever,

is most convenient for our customers.

> Read more on page 20.

Established and well-loved brands
Each of our brands has 0 long history
5 the customers’ preferred brand.

> Read more on page 3.

Strong supplier
relationships

Our strong relationships with suppliers enable
us to provide the best range and availability
of relevant products ot competitive prices.

> Read more on poge 30.

Capable and
committed colleagues

Our colleagues are our greatest advantage
inhelping customers choose, afford and enjoy
the technology that is right for them.

> Read more on page 18.

Unique Services
capabilities

We are uniquely positioned within tech retail
tohelp customers get started with delivery,
installation and set-up, and help give techa
longer life through protection, repair, trade-in
‘and recycling. Centrat to this of ering is one
of Europe's largest technotogy repair centres,
at our facitity in Newark, Additionally, we
help customers get the most out of their

tech through connectivity, especially with

iD Mobile.

> Readmore onpoge 22.

——>

Customers are at the heart of everything we do. We work constantly to
improve the customer experience and deliver value for all stakeholders.

Customers

We help customers choose the right
technology across a large range of
products, through our stores or online.
Our capable and committed colleagues
provide expert face-to-face advice to
help customers make the right choices.

Enjo.

We are uniquely positioned to help
customers enjoy their tech throughout
their life, and by doing so we drive
relationships that are long-lasting and
more valuable to our customers and to us.

or lite

Strategic Report Governance

Customers find technology exciting
but expensive. We help everyone
afford the technology they need.
We can spread the cost of tech
through the responsible use of credit.

4,
%

Financial Statements

Value creation
for stakeholders

Delivering returns
for our shareholders

During the yeor we deliveredimproved
profits and cash flow and finished the
year with the strongest balance sheet
inovera decade.

> Read more on poge 24.

Satisfying our
customers

Customers need the amazing technology
we sell to keep connected, productive,
fit, clean, healthy and entertained.
Helping them choose from the vast range
of products and making sure they con
get the most out of itis at the heart of
what we do.

> Read more on poge 22.

Engaging our
colleagues

We can only keep our customers happy
if we have happy colleagues. Paying

colleagues fairly and building skills for
life are essential to our tong term success.

> Read more on page 18.

Generating growth
for our suppliers

Our scale and our stores provide on
‘omnichannel customer experience
that our suppliers can find nowhere
else, and because of that we have
strong relationships with oll the
mojor manufacturers.

> Readmore on poge2.

Environment and
communities

We care for the world around us. We
Fe proud to be a leading retail repairer
‘and recycler of tech in all our markets.
Weill reduce our impact on the globe
while investing in our communities ond
good causes.

> ead more on poge 32.

Investor Information

Value created
during the year

Adjusted profit before tax

£162m

+37% Yor

Dividend declared

1.5p

UKEI NPS

55

+6pts ¥o2¥

Nordics NPS

63

Group eSat

82

Ranked in top 5% of global
businesses

Revenue growth
(like-for-like)

+2%

E-waste products collected
for reuse or recycling

5.5m

Reduction in Scope 1,2
and 3 emissions against
2019/20 baseline

38.6%

Contributions to and
funds raised for the
Digital Poverty Alliance

£300,000

Vivo-Glint - April 2026 suvey
completed by22,200 colleogues
‘across the Group.

10 Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024/25

Chair’s statement

Another year of
strengthening
performance

lan Dyson
Chair of the Board

lam pleased to report on another year of
good progress in both the URE! and in the
Nordics. Our continued focus on margins.
costs and cash flow has paid off with
Group adjusted profit before tax up +37%
year-on-year to £162m and free cashflow
of £149m, resulting in a year-end net cash
position of £184m.

A strategy that is working
Across the Group we have a strategy that
is working. Over the year we have grown
sales and improved gross margin, cllowing
us to more than offset cost inflation and
grow our profits.

In the UR6I, we have made big
improvements to both online and store
channels, making it easier for customers

to shop and enabling us to sell more of

the services that boost margins and build
customers for tife. All this showed in growing
sales, market share, gross margins and
profits, with adjusted EBIT up +8%.

Inthe Nordics. ina still chatlenging
market, we are continuing to outperform
competition. We have maintained our
market share. increased gross margins,
tightly controlled costs and grown profits.
with adjusted EBIT up +18%.

Highly engaged colleagues

Our progress would not have been
possible without the passion and
dedication shown by our colleagues every
day. It is their technical expertise, drive,
and ambition that enable us to meet our
customer expectations and help deliver
‘our strategy. Our already exceptional
colleague engagement score has grown
again this year to reach another record
high, with the Group now ranked within the
top 5% of globol businesses. On behalf -
of the Board, | would like to extend my
sincere gratitude to everyone at Currys

for another year of incredible commitment
and hard work.