Nine | wun

COMPANIES HOUSE

| WE HELP
EVERYONE

_ ENJOY

AMAZING
TECHNOLOGY

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chair of the Board's Statement

Key Performance Indicators

Our Business

Group Chief Executive's Statement

Our Strategy and Vision

Strategic Priorities

Core Enablers

Principal Risks to Achieving the Group's Objectives

Performance Review

Stakeholders and Sustainable Business.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

54
56
68
71
80
81
84
87
99
112

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report

Directors’ Report

Audit Committee Report

Disclosure Committee Report

Nominations Committee Report

Remuneration Committee Report

Remuneration Report - Remuneration Policy

Remuneration Report - Annual Remuneration Report
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

113
130
131
132
133
134
135,
190
191
192
199

Independent Auditor's Report

Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Group Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Company Financial Statements

Five Year Record (unaudited)

INVESTOR INFORMATION

200
202
219

Shareholder and Corporate Information

Glossary and Definitions

Shareholder Notes

Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

1

Chair of the Board’s

Statement

Lord Livingston of Parkhead
Chair of the Board

To say this has been a
challenging year would be
an understatement. On top
of a major transformation
programme and
substantial market
changes, the Group

has had to navigate the
uncertainty of Brexit and
the impact of Covid-19
which disrupted supply
chains and temporarily
closed all our stores in the
UK, Ireland and Greece.

Our management team, led by Alex
Baldock, and our colleagues have
responded magnificently to these
challenges. | want to thank them all.

Our key focus during the pandemic has
been to keep our people safe, serve
our customers and ensure the business
is in the best position for the future.
This has involved innovative solutions
such as contactless stores, constant
communication with our colleagues
and also ensuring that we do the right
thing. For example, we have prioritised
and supported vulnerable customers.
and the NHS. To both support our
business and in solidarity with our

UK colleagues who are on furlough,
the Executive Committee members.
and Board directors took a temporary
20% pay reduction and there was no
corporate bonus awarded in the UK &
Ireland this year.

“It is important to us and all our
stakeholders that we not only succeed
financially but also that, to be a
sustainable business over the long
term, we need to be ‘doing the right

thing in everything we do’.

Results

The first ten months of the year

saw us make good progress on our
transformation. Across our Electricals
business, we increased market share
and grew customer satisfaction. Our
International business had another
strong year and delivered almost half of
the Group's total Electricals profit.

We also took some difficult but
essential decisions, closing our
standalone Carphone Warehouse
stores in the UK, before our immediate
priorities changed as a result of
Covid-19.

We were on track to achieve profits

in line with our guidance reiterated in
January but the lost sales from store
closures in the UK, Ireland and Greece
and extra expenditure associated with
Covid-19 was only partially offset by

a large increase in online sales and
internal and government actions that
reduced costs. This led to Group
adjusted PBT* coming in at £166m.
This was down year on year, reflecting
both the challenging mobile market in
the UK and the impact of Covid-19.

The loss before tax on a statutory
basis was £140m, largely due to the
costs associated with the closure of
the Carphone Warehouse standalone
stores in the UK announced in March
this year.

Our year end net debt was up slightly
at £284m as the adverse working
capital caused by lower sales was
almost completely offset by reduced
capital expenditure and deferral of
taxes and rent.

* See page 202 for full Glossary and definitions

The Group ended the year with in
excess of £1bn of available liquidity.
Our planning has stress tested the
business against a range of downside
scenarios and we do not foresee
needing to access any additional
financing.

People

Our capable and committed colleagues
remain one of the key enablers of our
strategy.

We have continued our innovative
Colleague Shareholder Scheme. We
launched the award-winning scheme
in February 2019 to over 31,000
colleagues globally. The award is worth
at least £1,000 at grant. This year we
extended the scheme to an additional
7,000 newly eligible colleagues,
ensuring that all our people can share
in our future success knowing they
own part of the business.

We are investing in supporting our
people. For example, we have made a
substantial investment in our revamped
training hub in Birmingham, The
Academy@Fort Dunlop, in collaboration
with our suppliers. A record 3,500
Retail colleagues have completed
courses in the facility in the last year.

Our Communities

Itis important to us and all our
stakeholders that we not only succeed
financially but also that, to be a
sustainable business over the long
term, we need to be ‘doing the right
thing in everything we do’.

Over the year, we took action to.
help those who might othenwise be
excluded from enjoying the benefits
of amazing technology. Our Nordic

2 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

business tackled digital exclusion
through their Elkjop Foundation, while
‘our colleagues in Greece took time out
to volunteer during their annual ‘Good
Deed Day’. in the UK, colleagues
voted to champion a new cause in
their charity, Age UK, with the aim

of using technology to help combat
loneliness, improve mental health and
‘support independence and community
Participation for older people.

The Coronavirus crisis underlined the
critical role technology plays in keeping
people connected. We started our
partnership with Age UK by responding
to their need for hundreds of laptops,
phones, SIM cards and headsets to
enable their Silver Line helpline staff to
provide vital support from their homes.
This was followed by an ambitious
project to get tablet technology into
the hands of hundreds of isolated older
people — with many getting online for
the first time. Our teams worked cross-
functionally to dispatch fully charged
and ready-to-use devices, complete
with connectivity, useful apps and
‘supported by hard copy, large print
user instructions which we created in
collaboration with the charity.

Vulnerable older people were the focus
of additional support such as free DAB
Radios as part of an initiative with the
BBC and customers of our MVNO, iD
Mobile, aged over 70, were given free
unlimited minutes - which was also
granted to NHS workers along with free
unlimited texts and data.

We are committed to helping
colleagues and customers minimise
their impact on the environment
and are pleased to have retained
our FTSE4Good status for the third
consecutive year.

To build on this, we are introducing
targets accredited by the Science
Based Target initiative across the
Group to support our ambitious carbon
reduction strategy, which also sees
the introduction of Scope 3 targets as
we strive to achieve net zero well in
advance of the UK Government's 2050
target.

In our determination to ‘make it easier
for colleagues and customers to be
greener’, we are the largest recycler of
waste electricals in UK Retail and are
working to ensure customers receive

their technology in the most efficient
and environmentally friendly ways, with
our commitment to a fully electric or
altemative fuels delivery fleet by 2030.

Through our new Responsible Sourcing
Standards, we are collaborating with
‘suppliers to make sure products are
ethically sourced, and we are on
schedule to eliminate unnecessary
single-use plastic from our own label
operation by 2023.

This year promises even more
emphasis on supporting the societies
in which we operate, so we can

help even more people benefit from
more affordable, ethical, energy
efficient, repaired, reused or donated
technology.

Shareholders

We continue to have good open
dialogue with most of our larger
‘shareholders and welcome their
‘support for both our strategy and
initiatives such as our Colleague
Shareholder Scheme.

Strong corporate governance is critical
to our transformation programme and
to manage risk. Following this year's
review, we have concluded again that
our governance framework is aligned
to best practice and appropriate to
meet the needs of the Group. We have
included a section 172 statement for
the first time outlining how we have
considered all stakeholders in the key
business decisions we have made
during this transformational period.

The Group paid an interim dividend
of £26m (2.25p per share) in January.
The Board has decided not to pay a
final dividend for 2019/20. Dividend
payments will not be resumed at least
until our standby debt facilities have
been cancelled. Given the current
uncertain environment, the Board will
keep the payment of dividends under
review to establish the appropriate time
and level to recommence payment.

We regret we will not be able to hold
a full Annual General Meeting (AGM)
this year, but we welcome an open
dialogue with our shareholders at any
time. Shareholders with any questions
can email us throughout the year at
cosec@dixonscarphone.com and we
will be more than happy to respond.

Outiook

The long term effect of the pandemic
remains unclear. However, the
products and services we sell remain
in strong demand. We are the clear
market leader across every country in
which we operate. We have both the
will and financial strength to invest in
our future. Most importantly, we have
capable and committed colleagues
and a great leadership team to lead us
through these choppy waters. These
strengths put us in a good position to
look forward to the future with a good
degree of confidence.

Finally, and most importantly, | would
like to wish all of you a healthy and
‘safe upcoming year. Thank you for
your support.

len Layst—

Lord Livingston of Parkhead
Chair of the Board
14 July 2020

Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

Strategic Report

Financial

Key Performance Indicators

Adjusted Revenue Statutory Revenue

Adjusted Profit
Before Tax

Statutory Loss
Before Tax

The ability to grow revenue is an important measure
of a brand's appeal to customers and its competitive
position. It is a key measure of the Group’s progress
against our strategic priority to continue to enhance
and drive successful and sustainable retail.

Adjusted EPS Statutory Loss per
Share

Continued growth of profit before tax represents a
measure of Group performance to external investors
and stakeholders against our strategic priorities,

Electrical LFL
Revenue Growth

Free Cash Flow

The level of growth in EPS provides a suitable
measure of the financial health of the Group and its
ability to deliver returns to shareholders each year.

Like-for-like revenue
enables the performance
of the Group to

be measured on a
consistent year-on-year
basis. Statutory revenue
growth was +2%
(2018/19: +2%).

The management of cash
usage, in particular, working
capital employed in the
business, optimises resources
available for the Group to
invest in its future growth and
to generate shareholder value.

Definitions of measurement for Key Performance Indicators are given in the glossary and definitions on pages 202 to 218

4 Dixons Carphone ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

Non Financial
Key Performance Indicators

Growing market leading positions

UK & Ireland Electricals - 2019/20 Nordics - 2019/20 Greece - 2019/20

26.5% 26.0% 35.3%

Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’)

Net Promoter Score — a rating
used by the Group to measure
customers’ likelihood to

2018/19: +64 | O

recommend its operations.

2019/20

Colleague Engagement

Colleague engagement — our ‘Make a
Difference’ survey enables our colleagues to
provide honest and open feedback on what

= 2%

it is like to work at Dixons Carphone.

2019/20
See page 202 for full Glossary and definitions. Market share data from GFK.

Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

5

Strategic Report

= ——_}

C

Strategic Report

Our
Business

Dixons Carphone ple is a leading omnichannel retailer of technology products and services, operating through 939 stores and
16 websites in eight countries. We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology, however they choose to shop with us.

We are the market leader in the UK & Ireland, throughout the Nordics and in Greece, employing 24,000 capable and committed
colleagues in the UK & Ireland and 36,000 globally across the Group. Our full range of services and support makes it easy for our
customers to discover, choose, afford and enjoy the right technology for them, throughout their lives. The Group's core operations
are supported by an extensive distribution network, enabling delivery to stores and homes, a sourcing office in Hong Kong and a

state-of-the-art repair facility in Newark, UK.

Our brands include Currys PC World and Carphone Warehouse in the UK & Ireland and iD Mobile in the UK; Elkjop, Elgiganten and
Gigantti in the Nordics; and Kotsovolos in Greece. Our Dixons Travel brand has a presence across several UK airports as well as in
Dublin and Oslo, and our services are provided through Team Knowhow.

Our Business divisions:

UK & IRELAND ELECTRICALS

- Currys PC World is the largest specialist Currys PC World currys.co.uk
electrical retailing and services operator in currys.ie
the UK & Ireland,

- Dixons Travel is a leading airport Dixons Travel dixonstravel.com
electrical retailer, with stores across the
UK & lreland and Oslo. Team Knowhow teamknowhow.com,

- Team Knowhow is our services brand.

- PC World Business provides business PC World Business poworldbusiness.co.uk
customers with technology products
and services.

- The Elkjep Group is the leading specialist Elkjep elkjop.no
electricals retailer across the Nordics region.

Elgigant gigant

- Elkjop and Elkjop Phonehouse stores giganten Pi ven aie
operate in Norway, Elgiganten and
Elgiganten Phone House in Sweden and ,

Denmark and Gigantti in Finland, Gigantti giganttii

= InfoCare is the largest consumer electrical | Phone House phonehouse.se
repair company in the region, operating in phonehouse.no
Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland.

InfoCare infocareworkshop.no

- Kotsovolos is Greece's leading specialist | Kotsovolos kotsovolos.gr
electrical retailer.

- Carphone Warehouse is the largest Carphone Warehouse carphonewarehouse.com
independent telecommunications carphonewarehouse.ie
retailer in the UK & Ireland.

= iD Mobile is our MVNO offering innovative | iD Mobile idmobile.couk
and flexible propositions.

- Carphone Warehouse Business provides
telecommunications products Carphone Warehouse Business business.carphonewarehouse.com
and services to business to business
(82) customers.

6 Dixons Carphone ple Annual Repart and Accounts 2019/20

Revenue
by division
2019/20

UK & Ireland Electricals: Nordics:

£4,538M £3,573m

Greece: UK & Ireland Mobile:

£470m £1,589mM

Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

Group Chief Executive’s

Statement

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive

Dixons Carphone exists to help everyone
enjoy amazing technology: that’s the
starting point for every decision we make.
Technology plays a vital role in millions

of lives, though many customers find

it confusing and expensive as well as
exciting. No one is better placed than us,
as number one, to help them navigate that.
We will help customers choose, afford
and enjoy technology, for life, playing an
‘ever more valuable role for customers;
that’s the route to a much more valuable
business, alongside the turnaround of our
UK Mobile business. This strategy drives
‘the transformation that we started in .
2018/19 with its priorities of Omnichannel,
Credit, Services and Mobile enabled

by Capable & Committed Colleagues,
working as One Business, with Stronger
Infrastructure. We have made good
progress in all these areas.

The first ten months of the year was a
story of delivering on our promises and
accelerating the transformation of Dixons
Carphone. In Omnichannel, we started
gaining market share online as well as

in stores; our Group Electricals online
growth was +22% for the year and we
invested in remodelling 121 UK stores
including experience zones and kitchens
in the Nordics. Sales on credit in the UK
grew +27% and we now have 1.2m active
credit customers.

In Services, we carried out over 3.8m
two-person deliveries and set up or
installed over 1m pieces of equipment.
One set of services that consumers tell us
they value most is in protection. This is a
big strength for us today as we already
have 10m customer service agreements
and in the year, we carried out 1.3m
repairs. We've built on that strength

with revamped warranty and insurance
products, with higher customer adoption
‘to show for it.

tn Mobile, we took the difficult but
essential decision to close our small

standalone Carphone Warehouse
‘stores in the UK, as customers continue
to change the way they buy mobile
devices and connectivity. This gives us
greater certainty on getting to promised
breakeven here.

At the same time, we have invested

in our Colleagues. We extended our
award-winning Colleague Shareholder
‘Scheme and opened our new training
facility The Academy@Fort Dunlop.
Critical to our future success is attracting
transformational leaders and we are
delighted to welcome five appointments
‘onto the Executive Committee of Mark
Allsop as Chief Operating Officer, Ed
Connolly as Chief Commercial Officer,
Paula Coughlan as Chief People Officer,
Lindsay Haselhurst as Chief Supply Chain
Officer and Erik Sensterud, our new
International Chief Executive. We have
made further progress on becoming One
Business that is a clearer, simpler and
faster place to work. Although some of
our spending has been curtailed due to
Covid-19, we have invested in some of
the infrastructure we need to make this a
truly world class omnichannel business.

| am very pleased these initiatives
have started to drive results, with
strong double-digit growth in customer
satisfaction, and with growing share in
every market that we operate in.

This was reflected in our financial
performance. We were on track to grow
sales and profits in UK and International
Electricals if Covid-19 hadn't resulted in
enforced store closures in UK, Ireland
and Greece at the end of the year. In the
end, Electricals like-for-like revenue still
grew +2% and Electricals adjusted EBIT*
was £298m, down only 5% from £313m
last year. In contrast, but as expected,
‘our Mobile profits declined significantly to
an adjusted EBIT loss of -£104m.

‘The Group adjusted PBT of £166m was
down from a profit of £339m last year.
Statutory loss before tax was £140m, an
improvement on the £259m loss in the
prior year. Adjusting items primarily relate
to the costs of closing the Carphone
Warehouse standalone stores and the
impact of implementing IFRS16 for the
first time.

Net debt increased £19m to £284m.

The year drew to a close with the impact
of the global pandemic, a situation that
quickly escalated from one that had some
effect on our supply chain to one that
fundamentally changed how many of us
live and work. The first thing to say is

that | was humbled by the speed and skill
with which thousands of our colleagues
reacted to this crisis in safely helping
millions of customers and securing the

* See page 202 for full Glossary and definitions

business's future. Through their efforts we
transformed our operations and services
almost overnight, including implementing
social distancing and hygiene standards
in our Nordics stores, which have
remained open throughout the crisis, and
operating our UK and Greek businesses
as online-only retailers for the first time

in their history. This meant that through
these challenging times we have been

to able provide the vital technology our
customers need, to keep them connected
with loved ones, their families fed, clean
and entertained, to work from home

and home-school the kids. The vital role
we play has been reflected in customer
demand and we have generated strong
sales in every open business.

This period has also seen an accelerated
pace of innovation in the business. After
successfully launching in the Nordics, we
have rolled out zero-contact ‘Drive Thru’
stores to the UK and launched ShopLive,
a tremendously exciting way to bring the
best of stores (face-to-face advice from
thousands of expert colleagues) to our
customers online, in a way competitors
will find hard to match. ShopLive was
conceived and landed in days.

Meanwhile, we have secured the
business's future. We raised more bank
facilities than we ever expect to need and
have been prudent in conserving cash,
which has meant a delay to some of

our larger infrastructure projects and no
payment of a final dividend. This leaves
us well positioned to plan for the future
with confidence.

Of course, the Covid-19 pandemic has
been first and foremost a health crisis and
a humanitarian catastrophe, the wide-
ranging repercussions of which will be felt
for many years. But this crisis has also
shown us that our strategy for Dixons
Carphone is the right one. Our business
has so far successfully navigated a
fraught period, and as we raise our gaze,
our big priorities around Credit, Services
and Omnichanne! remain the right ones to
focus on after this crisis. Customers need
more help than ever to discover, choose,
afford and enjoy the benefits of amazing
technology, for life.

We remain committed to our longer-
term transformation, therefore, and will
use everything we're learning through
this crisis to build a better business for
customers, colleagues and shareholders.

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive
14 July 2020

8 Dixons Carphone pic Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20

CHOOSE,
AFFORD,
ENJOY,

FOR LIFE.

Strategic Report

Our Strategy
& Vision

Technology plays a more important enjoy technology, right the way
role in our lives today than ever. through their lives.

We provide the vital technology

our customers need, to keep them
connected with friends, loved ones
and colleagues; be more productive,
whether working from home or away;
stay healthy; learn and play.

No one is better placed than Dixons
Carphone to help customers do all
this, with the assets, colleagues,
capabilities and scale that we have.
And our strategy sets out to build
on those strengths to help everyone
Customers find this technology enjoy amazing technology.

exciting, but also confusing and

expensive, and we know customers

value help to choose, afford and

WE HELP
EVERYONE

ENJOY

AMAZING
TECHNOLOGY

10 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019/20