Annual
Report &
Accounts
— 2025/26

*AFSQWPOR*
22/08/2021
MPANIES H

| winant

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025/26

Inside this report 2025/26 highlights

Strategic Report Revenue” Free cash flow”
Curtys ot a glance

Suess noc £9,254m £157m

1
2

4

5 Our investment cose

6 Choi's statement

8 Chief Executive's stotement
40 Keyperformance indicators
41 Ourstrategic priorities
eee es oss Adjusted profit before tan Profit before tan

35 Risk management
Seer otoinies £191m £153m

40 Going concern and viability stotement
41 Performance summary
44 Performance review

Governance

52 Governance at aglance
54 Boardof directors 0

56 Directors report Adjusted EPS! EPS

59 Corporate governance report 13 4 1 5 5

71 Audit committee report ° p . p
78 Disclosure committee report

79 Nominations committee report

82 Remuneration committee report

85 Remuneration at a glance

86 Remuneration policy

96 Annual remuneration report for 2025/26
11 Statement of directors responsibilities

Financial Statements
112 Independent auditor's report Group resilience is underpinned Group revenue
121 Consolidotedincome statement by diversification by product
122 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
423 Consolidated bolonce sheet
124 Consolidated statement of changes inequity
125 Consolidoted cash flow statement
426 Notes to the Group financial stotements
471 Company balance sheet
172 Company statement of changes in equity
173. Notes to the Company financial stotements
178 Five petiod record (unoudited)

Investor Information
179 Glossary and definitions

192 Shareholder and corporate information @ Computing @ Appliances

@ Consumer @ Mobile

Non-financial and sustainability electronics OServices and other

information statement

We comply with the Non-Financial Reporting eequtements, Group revenue Group revenue
contcnedin sections 414CA ond 414CB of the Compories by channel by customer type
Act 2006. The requiements of this csclosue ore

oddiressed within this sectionby means of cossieference
inaides to avoid duplication ond to help stakeholders
undersiond ou postiononkeynon-finoncial motters:

Environmentol matters Cincluding impoct

of business on the environment) poges 23-31
TCFDreport poge 26
Cotteogues page I2
Sociol motters. poges 32-34
Respect for humon rights poge 34
Anti-contuption ond anti-biiberymattes page 34
Description of our business model poges 2-3
Detcils of the principal risks relating to

‘non-financiol matters poges 35-39

Non-financiot KPIs page 10 @ Online @ Stores e@Bzc |= @ B28

@

In the reporting of financial information. the Group uses certain measures thot are not required under IFRS. These are presented in accordance with the Guidelines on
Alternotive Per formance Measures (APMs) issued by the European Securities ond Morkets Authovity (ESMA) ond are consistent with those usedinternally by the Gioup’s
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to evaluate trends, monitor performance. and forecost results. These APMs may not be directly comparable with other simitorly
titled meosures of ‘adjusted’ oF ‘underlying’ sevenue oF profit measures used by other companies. inctuding those within our industiy. and are not intended to be o substitute
for, or superior to, IFRS measures. Further information and definitions con be found in the notes to the Group financial stotements.

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Investor Information

Currys at a glance
Currys ple is a leading omnichannel retailer
of technology products and services

Our purpose

We help everyone enjoy amazing technology

Our strategy
Capable
ond committed to sho “forte ofits
colleagues P P

Our brands
Year established Year established
1884 1962
Number of stores Number of stores
296 395
Number of colleagues Number of colleagues”
>15,000 >9,000
Revenue Revenue
£5.4bn £3.8bn
Market share? Market share®

17.5% 28.0%

Our complete solutions

We help you We help get We help you get We help give

afford the you started the most out of your tech
amazing tech your tech longer life

Credit Delivery and installation Connectivity Repalt
Trade-in Essential peripheral products Software subscriptions Refurbish
Pre-paid Screen protection VPN and scam detection Recycle

)_ Number of employees correct os of 2 May 2026, enclucing colleagues on fined term contiacts.
(2) Morket share colculoted using NielseniQ/Grk Point of Soles Tracking Service addressable morket voluo date May 2028 to April 2026 mopped against Cunys inteinot cote.
(3) GfK Nordic May 2026.

2

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025/26

Our business model

Our purpose: to help everyone enjoy amazing
technology, however they choose to shop with us

What we do

We sell technology and
provide services that
help customers afford
and enjoy amazing
technology to the full

o

1 We sell
technology

The URS! and Nordics’ leading

omnichannel retailer of consumer

technology

691 stores where customers can see,
touch and try products, supported

by expert colleague advice

Atrue omnichannel experience where
customers can research, buy and get
support in store, online or through a

combination of both

2 We provide
services

Delivery, installation and set-up
so customers get started quickly

and confidently

Protection plans, repairs and recycling
underpinned by one of Europe's largest

tech repair facilities

Credit, making technology accessible

to more customers

Connectivity through a range of
third party networks and iD Mobile,
our own virtual network operator,

with 2.6m subscribers

Vivo ~ Glint, Apil 2026 survey completediby 21800

colleagues acioss the Group.

Our competitive advantage

The strengths that set us apart

Modern omnichannel
network

691 well-invested stores
across six countries
combined with a strong
digital presence, giving
customers expert help
however and wherever they
choose to shop.

Strong supplier
relationships
Longstanding partnerships
with the world’s leading
technology manufacturers,
giving us the best range,
availability and terms.

Capable and
committed colleagues

More than 24,000
passionate, knowledgeable
colleagues with an
engagement score in the
top 10% of companies
globally”, united by a

helping customers.

Established and
well-loved brands

Currys in the UR&I and Elkjap
in the Nordics are their
market's most trusted
technology retail brands,
with decades of heritage
and consistently high brand
preference.

Unique services
capabilities

The only technology retailer
able to support customers
across the full product
lifecycle, from delivery,
installation and set-up,

to protection, repair,
trade-in and recycling.

Scale and market
leadership

The clear number one
omnichannel technology
retailer in all our markets,
with a total addressable
market of c.£48bn in the UK
and c.£34bn in the Nordics.

Strategic Report Governance

The value we create

Delivering for all our stakeholders

Shareholders

£74

+874m jam

Total shareholder returns
Customers

60

Group NPS®
Colleagues

84

Group eSat®

+2pts year-on-year
Suppliers

+4%

Group like-for-like

revenue growth

Environment and communities

6.5m

e-waste products
collected for
reuse or recycling’

+13% year-on-year

() Net Promoter Score.

(@) Vivo - Glint, April 2026 survey completed by 21.800 colleogues across the Group.

Financial Statements

Investor Information

During the year we returned £74m through £50m
buybacks and £24m dividends.

Customers need the amazing technology we sell
to keep connected, productive, fit, clean, healthy
and entertained. Helping them choose from the
vast range of products and making sure they can
get the most out of it is at the heart of what we do.

We can only keep our customers happy if we
have happy colleagues. Paying colleagues fairly
and building skills for life are essential to our
long-term success.

Our scale and our stores provide an omnichannel
customer experience that our suppliers can find
nowhere else, and because of that we have strong
retationships with all the major manufacturers.

We care for the world around us. We are proud
to be aleading retail repairer and recycler of
tech in all our markets. We will reduce our impact
on the globe while investing in our communities
and good causes.

1 We engoged KPMG LLP to undertake independent limited assuiance under ISAE (UK) 3000 for e-waste. which has been highlighted with o t. The e-woste figure of
‘6.3m units epresents 6.271.273 units 1ounded to one decimal place. For more detail of the scope of theit work, please refer to their ossuronce report on out

corporote website, www.cunyspic.com/sustainable-business/policies-cisclosures.

4

Currys ple Annual Report § Accounts 2025/26

Our markets

Technology plays a more important role in our lives today than
ever before. We believe in the power of technology to improve
lives, to help people stay connected, productive, fit, clean,

healthy and entertained.

Smart
speaker
Hoir dryer

‘Smart hub

Tablet

Laptop
Monitor
Printer r CCTV camera
Soring Electric toothbrush
Headphones Smart scale
Mobile ‘Smart
phone thermostat
Video
doorbell Steamiron
pO Washing
ws [— machine
Lawnmower Tumble dryer
————_
Home Vacuum
phone cleaner
e-bike — L— spe
Games Smart Smart Smart Kettle Fridge Coffee Cooker Air
Soundbar console speaker hub lighting freezer machine fryer Microwave

The core electricals and
mobile handset markets are
worth over c.£25bn in the UK
and c.£15bn in the Nordics.

UK total addressable market c.£48bn

Currys continues to strengthen its position New
inthe core electricals and mobile markets monet ee cotegoties
while simultaneously pursuing profitable +60bps “180bps ox
expansion into adjacent markets. yD Yor Yo
expanding its total addressable market
to around £48bn in the UK6I.
iD Mobile 828

The Nordics is pursuing profitable expansion subscribers revenue
in Business to Business (B2B") and kitchens. ee “eo
increasing its total addressable market to
over £34bn.

Core products Mobile Services® — B2B® New categories

handsets

Sources:

@) Market share cotculated using NietseniQ/GEK Point of Soles Tracking Service addressable market volue dots May 2025 to April 2026 mopped agoinst Cunys intel
soles dato. Core products (electricals B2C) market value excl. VAT Mobile handsets morket volue excl. VAT includes sim free & post poy handsets.

(2) Services ~ estimate based on customer surveys.

(@) B2B shown as like-for-like revenue growth, 828 ~ estimated BZB small ond medium sized business market size based on total annual revenue of Uk’s top 100 volue-added
resellers VAR’). excluding the top 10 VARS (total revenue of rank 11-100). htips://www.chonnelweb.co.uk/seiies/profile/top-vars.

(A) Now cotogorios - markot cizo bacod on ostimates gonorated by Edon McCollum LLP from vorious industiy Goto Uir tine cuteyories thal Currys sells (or may foreseeably sell
in tho futuro) thot cro not included in the GfK market zize analysis (not core products).

Strategic Report Governance

Our investment case

Financial Statements

Investor information

Currys plc is a business with solid foundations and significant
competitive advantages. It has a clear strategy to increase free
cash flow and a balance sheet that is now strong enough to return
increasing amounts of surplus free cash flow to shareholders.

1

Currys is a leading omnichannel retailer
of technology products and services

in the URK&I and Nordics

Currys is the clear #1 specialist technology retailer wherever

we are present, underpinned by service capabilities thot
competitors can't deliver at comparable scale or quality.

17.5% _ | 28.0%

Market share in UK6I Market share in Nordics®

3

A proven strategy that has
already delivered profits
and cash flow growth

Our strategy is delivering ever improving outcomes
for colleagues and customers alongside improved profits

‘and cash flow.
£255m_ | £157m
Group adjusted EBIT Group adjusted FCF®

5

Range of profitable
growth drivers
The Group aims to grow in core markets alongside several

diverse growth crivers that are effectively more thon
doubling the Group's total addressable market.

+16% +52%

B2B revenue growth New categories revenue
year-on-year growth year-on-year

Sources: Currys inteinol information. Uniess otherwise stoted. oll figures relote to FY¥ 2025/26.

2

Diversified and increasingly
recurring revenue

Revenues are diversified across geographies, products,
services, chonnels ond increasingly customers.
A growing portion of revenue is from recurring sources.

+7%

year-on-year growth

£873m

Group recurring
service revenue

4

Strong financial

position

The Group has steadily decreased financial leverage
and now has a net cash balance shoot with o vory small

pension liability, giving it flexibility to react to opportunities .
or headwinds.

£176m

Year-end net cash

6

Aclear path to growing cash flow
and shareholder returns
Revenue growth alongside continued gross margin accretion,

cost control and disciplined investment grow the Group's
profits and free cash flow, more of which can be returned

to shareholders.

Share buyback

£24m

Dividends

(1) NietseniQ/Gfk Point of Soles Tracking Service addressable morket value dato Moy 2025 to Aprit 2026 mopped Ogainst Currys inteinol soles doto.

@) GfkNordic Moy2026.
() For definitions of APMSs, refer to the notes to the Group financial statements.

6

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025/26

Chair’s statement

Another year of strong momentum

lan Dyson
Chair of the Board

lam pleased to report on another yeor
of good progress in both the UK&I and

the Nordics. Both businesses delivered
continued growth in sales and profits.
demonstrating that our strategy is working.
Group adjusted profit before tox was
£191m for the full year, up +18% year-on-
year, with like-for-like soles growth of +4%
‘across both markets and Group revenue
up +6%. We enter the new financial year
in good financial health. with net cash

of £176m.

A proven strategy that
continues to deliver

The results this year are a direct
consequence of a consistent and well
executed strategy. in UK6I, we grew sales and
profits despite significant cost headwinds
from National Insurance and National Living
Woge increases. In the Nordics, we similarly
delivered sales and profit growth. That
combination of top line progress, margin,
cost and cashflow discipline is precisely
what the strategy was designed to produce.

In the UK6I, full year revenue grew +3%
and we gained +60bps of market share
in @ declining market. Services continue
to be ot the heart of our customer offer:
recurting service revenue grew +7%. and
these high value services, including credit.
represented 30% of UK6I revenue. B2B
delivered double-digit growth, and we
have now reached 2.6 million iD Mobile
subscribers, o base that both deepens
‘customer relationships and underpins
recurring revenues.

The Nordics business is back to health,
but with plenty more opportunity to go for.
Full year revenue grew +6% on a currency-
neutral basis, with strong new category
performance and adjusted EBIT up +26%.

Across the Group, full year adjusted EBIT
grew 13% to £255m and free cash flow
increased 5% to £157m.

_ “The results this year are a direct

consequence of a consistent and
well executed strategy.

The combination of top line progress,
margin, cost and cashflow discipline
is precisely what the strategy was

designed to produce.”

A leadership transition

This year brought on important change of
teadership at Currys. In March, Alex
Baldock announced his intention to step
down as Group Chief Executive after eight
years with the Company. Alex inherited a
business operating across multiple
geographies with significant structural
complexity and during his tenure has faced
‘an extraordinary sequence of challenges:
a global pandemic. sustained inflationary
pressures, o prolonged consumer downturn
‘and an unsolicited takeover approach.
Alex built a clear and consistent strategy
and built o very strong team to deliver this
strategy. He leaves Currys in excellent
shape, with a strategy that is working. 0
strong bolance sheet and momentum that
is building. The Board is deeply grateful for
his leadership and commitment. and we
wish him every success for the future.

lam pleased to welcome Fredrik Tonnesen
as our new Group Chief Executive. Fredrik
joined Elkjap 20 years ogo as a sales
‘ossistant on the shop floor and has
progressed through a series of senior roles,
including Managing Director for Norway
and Nordics Chief Operating Officer,
before becoming Chief Executive of our
Nordics business in March 2023. In that role.
leading around 40% of Group revenue, he
has delivered an outstanding turnaround,
more than tripling operating profits while
lifting colleague and customer satisfaction
to world-class levels. He has huge
experience of the business and
understands our customers, our colleagues
‘ond our culture from the inside, bringing the
fight combination of clarity, energy ond
leadership to take Currys forward, The
Board conducted a thorough process,
considering both internal ond external
candidates, and is confident that Fredrik
has the right experience and qualities to
lead Currys through its next chapter.

Strategic Report Governance

A Board built for what

comes next

The Board also saw some important
changes during the yeor. Gerry Murphy
cond Eileen Burbidge stepped down on

4 September 2025, after more than ten
and over sik years of service respectively.
Both provided great counsel and effective
challenge over their respective tenures,
and | would like to thank them both for
their contributions to Currys.

The Nominations Committee approached
succession with clear intent, seeking
candidates with deep expertise in the
Norwegian market and a strong grounding

in the technology sector. The search was
thorough. covering diversity of skills and
perspective, longer-term succession
plonning and a careful assessment against
the Board skills matrix. Elaine Bucknor

‘and Rune Bjerke joined the Board on

8 September 2025, and both bring a wealth
of experience that will benefit the business.
The Board's most recent external evaluation
reflects well on the team we now have in
place, and | am confident we are well
positioned to support and challenge
management in the period ahead.

Committed to sustainability
‘Our three sustainability commitments

‘ore advancing circular business models,
reducing digital poverty. and achieving net
zer0 by 2040. This year we mode good
progress across all three.

We collected 6.3 million e-waste products
for reuse and recycling across the Group
and completed more than 1.6 million
customer repairs through our team of 1.500
skilled engineers. Our colleagues also
continue to make a real difference in
tackling digital poverty. working with the
Digitol Poverty Alliance in the UK and the
Elkjop Foundation in the Nordics. On net
Zero, we achieved a 37% reduction in
Scope 1. 2 and 3 emissions against o
2019/20 baseline.

Returning value to shareholders
This year marked an important milestone
with the resumption of shareholder retumns.
£74m of cash was returned to shareholders
during the year through dividends and share
buybacks. The Board's decision to restart
shoreholder returns reflects its confidence in
the financial health and growth prospects
of the business and the significantly reduced
pension contributions that the Group now
needs to moke. We are proposing a final
dividend of 2.25p, bringing the full year
dividend to 30p. and will commence a new
£50m share buyback programme.

Financiol Statements Investor Information

“Our progress would not have been possible
without the passion and dedication shown
by our colleagues every day.

It is their technical expertise, drive and
care for customers that turns strategy
into results.”

Looking ohead, we remain committed to
growing ordinary dividends over time and
to returning surplus cash to shareholders
through buybacks where appropriate.

Our people make

the difference

Our progress would not have been
possible without the passion and
dedication shown by our colleagues every
day. It is their technical expertise, drive and
care for customers that tuins strategy into
results. |om particularly proud that
colleague engagement has reached
‘nother record high. The Group continues
to be ranked within the top 10% of
businesses globally". On behalf of the
Board, | would like to extend my sincere
gratitude to everyone at Currys for another
year of real commitment and hard work.

Looking ahead with confidence
Currys enters the new financiat year in

© strong position. The geopolitical and
macroeconomic environment continues
to pose challenges, and we do not
underestimate the headwinds the sector
must navigate. But we have dealt with
difficult conditions before, and the
strategic and financial progress of recent
years puts us in a much better position to
do so. | remain very optimistic about our
potential to generate long-term value
for shareholders.

Omar

lan Dyson
Chair of the Board
1 July 2026

()_Vivo-Gtint, Aptil 2026 survey completed by 21800 colleagues ocioss the Gioup.

Currys ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025/26

Chief Executive’s statement

We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology

Alex Baldock
Group Chief Executive

Our priorities for the year were to keep our
encouraging momentum going in both the
UR&I and the Nordics, to further progress
our long-term strategy. and to make a
stronger balance sheet work harder for our
shareholders. We made good progress on
call three.

In the UKEI, we kept growing sales in a
consumer market that was anything but
ecsy ond delivered profit growth in spite
of significant cost headwinds. Like-for-like
sales grew +3%, adjusted EBIT climbed to
£158m, up +3% YoY. and we gained another
+6Obps of market share. Growth came
from a good performance in core markets
alongside strategic initiatives such as new
categories. B2B and the Services that are
0 valuable to customers, to Currys, and
that lean on our unique competitive
advantages.

In the Novdics, the market recovery
continued and we made sure we
benefitted. Like-for-like sales grew +6%,
adjusted EBIT grew +26% (currency neutral)
to £97m, and adjusted EBIT margin grew
+40 bps to 2.5%. That is eal progress
against our 3% medium-term target. Elkjop
is growing and converting that growth into
operating leverage. There is more to come.

Group adjusted profit before tax grew
+18% to £19 1m. Free cash flow grew +5% to
£157m. We finished the year with £176m of
net cash and our pension deficit is now
virtually behind us, following the £82m

contribution in the year under our agreed
funding plan. Scheduled contributions
drop to £13m from the current financial
year through to 2030/31, meaningfully
increasing the cash available for
investment or shareholder returns. The
balance sheet is in better shape thant hos
been at ony point in well over o decade.

Our strategy
These results have been built ona
consistent strategy.

Our strategy starts with colleagues: the
customer experience won't be better than
that of the colleague delivering it. Our
Group engagement score rose 2pts to 84,
firmly amongst the top global companies”.
In the UK6I. we estimate our score of

86pts puts us in the top 3% of global
businesses. Over 21,000 colleagues took
part in our latest Group engagement survey
‘ond gave us almost 50,000 comments.
We act on every theme thot comes back.
The Sunday Times named Currys the UR’s
best major retail employer in its Best Places
to Work survey. We also hold a rating of
4,0 on Glassdoor in the UR. placing us first
‘omong large UK retail employers.

Second, we keep moking us easier to shop
for customers. This starts with the retoil
fundomentals. During the year we have
further improved availability through more
focus on best-selling items and refining
processes to make sure products are
seaching the store shelves.

Beyond the fundamentals, our
omnichannel model is the winning
‘approach in technology retail. No other
model lets customers shop the way they
actually want to. whether online, in store,
oF increasingly through a mixture of both
channels. Omnichannel soles rose to 33%
of UR&I revenue during the year. «3pts over
two years, with Nordics omnichannel sales
rising to 18% from 14% of revenue over the
some period.

The third leg of our strategyis to create
customers for life, which starts with knowing
our customers. In the UR6I, our customer
data has sat in separate databases
including Currys Perks, credit. iD Mobile and
repair plans. We are now bringing these
together into a single trusted view of each
customer, with the first release expected

to golive later this year. Alis accelerating
the work, unifying records faster. surfacing
insights at scale. and turning that single view

()_Viva-Glint, Aprit 2026 survey completed by 21.800 colleagues actoss the Group.

into more relevant, more personal
experiences. In the Nordics we have
reconfigured our technology stack to allow
personalisation to be a meaningful driver
of revenue growth.

That dato powers our range of Services.
helping us offer the right service to the right
customer at the right moment. These
Services help customers offord and enjoy
‘amazing technology to the full and are
accordingly valued by customers. They ore
valuable to Currys. providing growth in
revenue that's higher-margin and often
recurting, And these Services lean on
advantages that are unique to Currys and
so provide a competitive moat

We help customers afford tech through
flexpoy, our credit proposition. flexpay
sales reached £1.2bn, +10% YoY. with
adoption rising +18Obps to 23.7% of URE)
sales. flexpay customers are more loyal
and more valuable. with lifetime sales
double those of non-credit customers.
Credit also makes a meaningful direct
profit contribution, which grew again during
the yeor.

We also help customers get tech storted
through installation and set-up. 32% of
UR&I big-box Geliveries included
installation in the year, and 36% included
recycling. In the Nosdics it was 46% and
38%. Being allowed in customers’ homes is
arare privilege and they like it when we get
things right first time - the right product.
delivered on time and undamaged,
installed there and then - and so do we. as
we avoid the cost of rework. So it's good
for everyone that our revisit rate fell again
during the yeor. down a further 0.5
percentage points to 6.5%. Our in-home
customer satisfaction is consistently
‘amongst the highest of everything we do

We help customers get the most out of their
tech. most importantly through connectivity.
iD Mobile, our 100% owned mobile virtual
network operator (MVNO). grew
subscribers to 2.6m, +18% YoY, ahead of

our 2.5m target. iD Mobile is a structurally
attractive business. It’s high-margin ond
recurring, with economics that improve as
the base scales. with o distribution
advantage through Currys stores and
online channels that few MVNOs con
match. In Finland we've launched Giga
Mobili, a new mobile virtual network
operator, to strengthen our tess competitive
mobile offering there. Early performance
has exceeded expectations.

Strategic Report

We help customers give tech longer life
through repair. We run one of Europe's
largest technology repair centies in the UR,
olongside further operations in Norway
and Sweden. Our 1,500 engineers carried
out 1.6m repair activities during the year
ond we now have 11.6m active protection
plans across the Group. We have begun
using Al to diagnose product issues from
customer videos, which delivers the same
outcome without needing a real-time
conversation (see more below).

Finally. when tech reaches the end of its
life. we want it back. We accept ony old
or unwanted electricals at our stores.
regardless of where they were bought. and
pick them up from customers homes when
we Grop off the new product. Where we
cannot reuse 6 product, we harvest ports
oF recycle it properly. The circular loop of
trade-in. protection. repair. refurbishment.
reuse and recycling is not o PR exercise. It is
good for customers, good for the planet.