BETA Close X Currys PLC has announced a new share buyback programme of up to £50 million, commencing immediately and expected to conclude by May 1, 2027. This initiative aims to return surplus capital to shareholders, reduce the company's share capital, and is considered a value-enhancing use of cash, following the successful completion of a previous £50 million buyback. The purchased shares will be cancelled, and the programme will be executed through open market transactions, with Panmure Liberum acting as the purchasing agent. Disclaimer* Currys PLC 02 July 2026 Launch of £50m Share Buyback Programme CURRYS PLC (" Currys " or the "Company" ) today announces that it will commence a share buyback programme of Currys's ordinary shares of 0.1p each (the " Ordinary Shares ") up to a maximum consideration of £50m (the " Programme "). Further to our stated ambition to return surplus capital to shareholders through share buybacks, which is included in today's Full Year results announcement, and following the successful conclusion of the previous £50m share buyback programme on 2 April 2026, the Board has concluded that a further on-market share buyback programme for up to a maximum aggregate consideration of £50m is appropriate and a value-enhancing use of cash. The purpose of this buyback programme is to return surplus capital to shareholders and reduce the Group's share capital, whilst maintaining the financial flexibility to invest in ongoing operations. Any Ordinary Shares purchased will be cancelled. Currys has entered into an agreement with Panmure Liberum, pursuant to which Panmure Liberum will purchase the Company's Ordinary Shares for up to a maximum consideration of £50m. The Programme will commence immediately, and it is anticipated it will end no later than 1 May 2027, subject to market conditions. The maximum number of Ordinary Shares that can be purchased (always subject to the aggregate maximum consideration of £50m) is 77,712,214, being the number of shares the Company is authorised to purchase pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's 2025 Annual General Meeting (the "2025 AGM"), less the number of Ordinary Shares repurchased since 5 September 2025. Panmure Liberum will make its trading decisions in relation to the Ordinary Shares within the terms and pre-set parameters of the Programme. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Programme will take place in open market transactions and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price and trading volumes. The Programme will be effected under the general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares granted by the Company's shareholders at the 2025 AGM and in accordance with Chapter 9 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (both as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), including where relevant pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Programme will be announced by no later than the end of the seventh daily market session following the calendar day on which the purchase occurred, in accordance with UKLR 9.6.6R. The Company will make further announcements in due course following the completion of any repurchases. There is no guarantee that the Programme will be implemented in full or that any Ordinary Shares will be repurchased by the Company. For further information Dan Homan Investor Relations Director +44 (0)7401 400442 Carla Fabiano Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7460 944523 Information on Currys plc is available at www.currysplc.com Follow us on LinkedIn and X: @currysplc About Currys plc Currys plc is a leading omnichannel retailer of technology products and services, operating online and through 708 stores in 6 countries. We Help Everyone Enjoy Amazing Technology, however they choose to shop with us. In the UK & Ireland we trade as Currys and in the UK we operate our own mobile virtual network, iD Mobile. In the Nordics we trade under the Elkjøp brand. We're the market leader in all markets, able to serve all households and employing more than 24,000 capable and committed colleagues. We believe in the power of technology to improve lives, helping people stay connected, productive, fit, healthy, and entertained. We're here to help everyone enjoy those benefits and with our scale and expertise, we are uniquely placed to do so. Our full range of services and support makes it easy for our customers to discover, choose, afford and enjoy the right technology to the full. The Group's operations include one of Europe's largest technology repair facilities, a sourcing office in Hong Kong and an extensive distribution network, centred on Newark in the UK and Jönköping in Sweden, enabling fast and efficient delivery to stores and homes. We're a leader in giving technology a longer life through repair, recycling and reuse. We're reducing our impact on the environment in our operations and our wider value chain and we aim to achieve net zero emissions by 2040. We offer customers products that help them save energy, reduce waste and save water, and we partner with charitable organisations to bring the benefits of amazing technology to those who might otherwise be excluded. Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any expected future events or results referred to in these forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or accounting standards, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Information contained on the Currys plc website or the 'X' feed does not form part of this announcement and should not be relied on as such. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Currys (CURY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and