.1 2 d89746dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 JD.com Announces Pricing of CNY10 Billion Senior Notes BEIJING, April 1, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — JD.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: JD and HKEX: 9618 (HKD counter) and 89618 (RMB counter), the “Company” or “JD.com”), a leading supply technology and service provider, today announced the pricing of its offering of CNY10 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the “Notes”). The Notes were offered in offshore transactions outside the United States to certain .S. persons (the “Notes Offering”) in reliance on Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Notes Offering consists of CNY7.5 billion of 2.05% notes due 2031 and CNY2.5 billion of 2.75% notes due 2036. The Company expects to close the Notes Offering on or about April 10, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of certain existing indebtedness and payment of interest. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. They may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefits of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are expected to be listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”). This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities, in the United States or elsewhere, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Any offering of securities will be made by means of one or more offering documents, which will contain detailed material information about the Company and its operational and financial performance. This announcement contains information about the pending Notes Offering, and there can be no assurance that the Notes Offering will be completed. About JD.com JD.com is a leading supply technology and service provider. The Company’s retail infrastructure seeks to enable consumers to buy whatever they want, whenever and wherever they want it. The Company has opened its technology and infrastructure to partners, brands and other sectors, as part of its Retail as a Service offering to help drive productivity and innovation across a range of industries. Safe Harbor Statement This announcement contains statements. These statements are made under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar statements. JD.com may also make written or oral statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), in announcements made on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about JD.com’s beliefs and expectations, are statements. statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any statement, including but not limited to the following: JD.com’s growth strategies; its future business development, results of operations and financial condition; its ability to attract and retain new customers and to increase revenues generated from repeat customers; its expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of its products and services; trends and competition in China’s e-commerce market; changes in its revenues and certain cost or expense items; the expected growth of the Chinese e-commerce market; laws, regulations and governmental policies relating to the industries in which JD.com or its business partners operate; potential changes in laws, regulations and governmental policies or changes in the interpretation and implementation of laws, regulations and governmental policies that could adversely affect the industries in which JD.com or its business partners operate, including, among others, initiatives to enhance supervision of companies listed on an overseas exchange and tighten scrutiny over data privacy and data security; risks associated with JD.com’s acquisitions, investments and alliances, including fluctuation in the market value of JD.com’s investment portfolio; natural disasters and geopolitical events; change in tax rates and financial risks; intensity of competition; and general market and economic conditions in China and globally. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in JD.com’s filings with the SEC and the announcements on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. All information provided herein is as of the date of this announcement, and JD.com undertakes no obligation to update any statement, except as required under applicable law. For investor and media inquiries, please contact: Investor Relations Sean Zhang +86 (10) 8912-6804 IR@JD.com Media Relations +86 (10) 8911-6155 Press@JD.com