.2 3 dp246684_ex9902.htm EXHIBIT 99.2 Exhibit 99.2 Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement. Tencent Music Entertainment Group (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) (NYSE Stock Ticker: TME; HKEX Stock Code: 1698) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The attached Notice of Annual General Meeting (the “ AGM ”) issued by Tencent Music Entertainment Group (the “ Company ”) serves as the notice of general meeting required under Rule 13.71 and the circular required under Rule 13.73 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Hong Kong Listing Rules ”). This notice is also available for viewing on the Company’s website at https://ir.tencentmusic.com . The AGM will be held at 10/F, The Hong Kong Club Building, 3A Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong on Tuesday, June 30, 2026 at 10 a.m. (Hong Kong time), for the following purposes: • To table the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025, as contained in the annual report on Form 20-F and the Hong Kong annual report of the Company issued on April 17, 2026 (Hong Kong time). • As an ordinary resolution, to consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution, as an ordinary resolution: to confirm and approve the of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Auditor of the Company for 2026 and to authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company to fix the Auditor’s remuneration for the financial year ending December 31, 2026, which is expected to be in the range of approximately RMB17 million to RMB19 million taking into account, among others, the expected complexity and business plan of the Company. • As a special resolution, THAT the Company’s Seventh Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association in effect be amended and restated by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Eighth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in the form attached to this notice as Exhibit A, for the purposes of, among others, (i) allowing general meetings to be held as virtual meetings or hybrid meetings; (ii) facilitating paperless corporate communications; and (iii) making certain minor housekeeping matters. By Order of the Board Tencent Music Entertainment Group Cussion Kar Shun Pang Executive Chairman Hong Kong, May 20, 2026 As at the date of this announcement, the board of directors of the Company comprises Mr. Cussion Kar Shun Pang, Mr. Zhu Liang, Ms. Min Hu, Mr. James Gordon Mitchell, Mr. Brent Richard Irvin and Mr. Wai Yip Tsang as directors, and Ms. Edith Manling Ngan, Mr. Adrian Yau Kee Mak and Ms. Jeanette Kim Yum Chan as independent directors 1 Tencent Music Entertainment Group (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) (NYSE Stock Ticker: TME; HKEX Stock Code: 1698) Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on June 30, 2026 (or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof) NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an annual general meeting (the “ AGM ”) of Tencent Music Entertainment Group (the “ Company ”) will be held on Tuesday, at 10 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on June 30, 2026 at 10/F, The Hong Kong Club Building, 3A Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong for the purposes of considering and, if thought fit, passing the following resolutions (the “ Proposed Resolutions ”): • As an ordinary resolution, to confirm and approve the of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Auditor of the Company for 2026 and to authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company to fix the Auditor’s remuneration for the financial year ending December 31, 2026, which is expected to be in the range of approximately RMB17 million to RMB19 million taking into account, among others, the expected complexity and business plan of the Company (the “ Auditor Resolution ”). • As a special resolution, THAT the Company’s Seventh Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association in effect be amended and restated by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Eighth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in the form attached to this notice as Exhibit A, for the purposes of, among others, (i) allowing general meetings to be held as virtual meetings or hybrid meetings; (ii) facilitating paperless corporate communications; and (iii) making certain minor housekeeping matters (the “ Amendment and Restatement of Memorandum and Articles of Association Resolution ”). The passing of the above resolutions requires approval by the members of the Company in the following manner: 1. The Auditor Resolution: approval by a simple majority of the votes cast by the members of the Company as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or by proxy at the AGM; 2. The Amendment and Restatement of Memorandum and Articles of Association Resolution: approval by not less than of the votes cast by the members of the Company as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or by proxy at the AGM. The quorum of the AGM shall be one or more Members holding in aggregate not less than of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the Company’s share capital, present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the AGM. 2 Upon the passing of the Amendment and Restatement of Memorandum and Articles of Association Resolution at the AGM, the Company’s Seventh Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in effect shall be amended and restated by their deletion in their entirety and by the substitution in their place of the Eighth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit A, which is marked to show the proposed changes that would be made. SHARES RECORD DATE AND ADS RECORD DATE The Board of Directors of the Company has fixed the close of business on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 (Hong Kong time), as the record date (the “ Shares Record Date ”) of our Class A ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.000083 each (the “ Class A Ordinary Shares ”) and Class B ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.000083 each (the “ Class B Ordinary Shares ”, and together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the “ Shares ”). Holders of record of the Company’s Shares (as of the Shares Record Date) are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM and any adjourned meeting thereof. Holders of record of American Depositary Shares (the “ ADSs ”) as of the close of business on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 (U.S. Eastern Time) (the “ ADS Record Date ”, together with the Shares Record Date, the “ Record Date ”), will be able to directly instruct The Bank of New York Mellon, the depositary of the ADSs (the “ Depositary ”), if ADSs are held by holders on the books and records of the Depositary or indirectly through a bank, brokerage or other securities intermediary if the ADSs are held by any of them on behalf of holders, as to how to vote the Class A Ordinary Shares represented by such ADSs at the AGM. ATTENDING THE AGM Only holders of record of Shares as of the Shares Record Date are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM. If holders of ADSs wish to exercise their voting rights for the underlying Class A Ordinary Shares, they must give voting instructions (i) directly to the Depositary if ADSs are held by holders on the books and records of the Depositary, or (ii) indirectly through a bank, brokerage or other securities intermediary if the ADSs are held by any of them on behalf of holders. All officers and agents of the Company reserve the right to refuse any person entry to the AGM venue, or to instruct any person to leave the AGM venue, where such officer or agent reasonably considers that such refusal or instruction is or may be required for the Company or any other person to be able to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The exercise of such right to refuse entry or instruct to leave shall not invalidate the proceedings at the AGM. PROXY FORMS AND ADS VOTING CARDS A holder of Shares as of the Shares Record Date may attend the AGM in person or appoint one proxy to exercise his or her rights at the AGM. A holder of ADSs as of the ADS Record Date will need to directly instruct the Depositary if ADSs are held by holders on the books and records of the Depositary or indirectly through a bank, brokerage or other securities intermediary if the ADSs are held by any of them on behalf of holders, as to how to vote the Class A Ordinary Shares represented by the ADSs. Please refer to the proxy form (for holders of Shares), which is available on our website at https://ir.tencentmusic.com and the ADS voting card (for holders of ADSs). 3 You are urged to complete, sign, date and return the accompanying proxy form to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (“ Computershare ”) (for holders of Shares), and your voting instructions to Depositary (for holders of the ADSs) as promptly as possible and before the prescribed deadline if you wish to exercise your voting rights. Computershare must receive the proxy form by no later than 10 a.m., Hong Kong time, on June 28, 2026 (i) by mail, to 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, or (ii) by email, to TME.eproxy@computershare.com.hk, being not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the AGM, to ensure your representation at the AGM. The Bank of New York Mellon must receive your voting instructions by the time and date specified in the ADS voting instruction card to enable the votes attaching to the Class A ordinary shares represented by your ADSs to be cast at the AGM. ANNUAL REPORT Shareholders may obtain a copy of the Company’s annual report, free of charge, from the Company’s website at https://ir.tencentmusic.com , the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited at www.hkexnews.hk or from the website of Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States at www.sec.gov . By Order of the Board Tencent Music Entertainment Group Cussion Kar Shun Pang Executive Chairman Executive Office: Registered Office: 12/F, Unit 3, Building D, Kexing Science Park PO Box 309, Ugland Kejizhongsan Avenue House Grand Park, Nanshan District Cayman, KY1-1104 Shenzhen Cayman Islands People’s Republic of China May 20, 2026 As at the date of this announcement, the board of directors of the Company comprises Mr. Cussion Kar Shun Pang, Mr. Zhu Liang, Ms. Min Hu, Mr. James Gordon Mitchell, Mr. Brent Richard Irvin and Mr. Wai Yip Tsang as directors, and Ms. Edith Manling Ngan, Mr. Adrian Yau Kee Mak and Ms. Jeanette Kim Yum Chan as independent directors. 4 THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES SEVENTH EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF (Adopted pursuant to a special resolution passed on 30 December 2022 [•] 2026 ) 5 THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES SEVENTH EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF (Adopted pursuant to a special resolution passed on 30 December 2022 [•] 2026 ) 1. The name of the Company is Tencent Music Entertainment Group 2. The registered office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands or at such other location as the Directors may from time to time determine. 3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the Companies Act (As Revised) or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any other law of the Cayman Islands. 4. The liability of each Member is limited to the amount from time to time unpaid on such Member’s Shares. 5. The authorized share capital of the Company is US$3,984,000 divided into 48,000,000,000 shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; comprising (a) 4,800,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; (b) 4,800,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; and (c) 38,400,000,000 shares of US$0.000083 each of such Class or Classes (however designated) as the Board may determine in accordance with these Articles. Subject to the Statute and these Articles, the Company shall have power to redeem or purchase any of its Shares and to increase or reduce its authorized share capital and to or consolidate the said Shares or any of them and to issue all or any part of its capital whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced with or without any preference, priority, special privilege or other rights or subject to any postponement of rights or to any conditions or restrictions whatsoever and so that unless the conditions of issue shall otherwise expressly provide every issue of shares whether stated to be ordinary, preference or otherwise shall be subject to the powers on the part of the Company hereinbefore provided. 6 6. The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 7. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Memorandum of Association bear the same meaning as those given in the Articles of Association of the Company. 7 THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES SEVENTH EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF (Adopted pursuant to a special resolution passed on 30 December 2022 [•] 2026 ) INTERPRETATION 1. In these Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: “ADS” means an American Depositary Share representing the Company’s Class A Ordinary Shares; “Affiliate” (i) with respect to a person that is a natural person, such person’s relatives and any other person (other than natural persons) directly or indirectly Controlled by such person, and (ii) with respect to a person that is not a natural person, as person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such person. For the purposes of this definition, “relative” of a person means such person’s spouse, parent, grandparent, child, grandchild, sibling, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece or or the spouse of such person’s child, grandchild, sibling, uncle, aunt, nephew or niece. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of these Articles, no Member shall be deemed an Affiliate of any other Member solely by reason of the existence of any rights or obligations under these Articles or holding of the Company Securities by such Member and any other Member; “Articles” means these articles of association of the Company, as amended and altered from time to time by Special Resolutions; “Audit Committee” means the audit committee of the Company formed by the Board pursuant to Article 138 142 hereof, or any successor audit committee; “Auditor” means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any); 8 “Board” means the board of directors of the Company; “Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, the Cayman Islands or the PRC are authorized or required by Law or executive order to close; “Chairman” means the chairman of the Board; “Class” or “Classes” means any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company; “Class A Ordinary Share” a class A ordinary share of par value US$0.000083 each in the share capital of the Company having the rights set out in these Articles; “Class B Ordinary Share” a class B ordinary share of par value US$0.000083 each in the share capital of the Company having the rights set out in these Articles; "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America or any other federal agency for the time being administering the Securities Act; “Communication Facilities” means video, , internet or online conferencing applications, telephone or teleconferencing and/or any other , internet or online conferencing application or telecommunications facilities by means of which all Persons participating in a meeting are capable of hearing and being heard by each other and all Members’ rights to speak and vote at the meeting are maintained; “Company” means Tencent Music Entertainment Group , a Cayman Islands exempted company; “Company Securities” means any share, share capital, registered capital, ownership interest, partnership interest, equity interest, joint venture or other ownership interest of the Company, or any option, warrant, or right to subscribe for, acquire or purchase any of the foregoing, or any other security or instrument convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any of the foregoing, or any equity appreciation, phantom equity, equity plan or similar right with respect to the Company, or any contract of any kind for the purchase or acquisition from the Company of any of the foregoing, either directly or indirectly; “Company’s Website” means the main corporate/investor relations website of the Company, the address or domain name of which has been disclosed in any registration statement filed by the Company in connection or which has otherwise been notified to Members; 9 “Control” means, as used with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; the terms “Controlled by” and “under common Control with” shall have correlative meanings; “Designated Stock Exchange” means the stock exchange in the United States on which any Shares or ADSs are listed for trading or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited; “Designated Stock Exchange Rules” means the relevant code, rules and regulations, as amended, from time to time, applicable as a result of the original and continued listing of any Shares or ADSs on the Designated Stock Exchange; “Directors” means the directors for the time being of the Company; “Electronic” has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act; “Electronic Record” has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act; “Electronic Transactions Act” means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and any statutory amendment or thereof; “Group Companies” means the Company and the entities whose financial results are consolidated with those of the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; “Government Authority” means any nation or government or any province or state or any other political subdivision thereof, or any entity, authority or body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality or any political subdivision thereof, any court, tribunal or arbitrator, and any organization or national or international stock exchange on which the securities of the applicable Party or its Affiliates are listed; “Law” means any law, rule, constitution, code, ordinance, statute, treaty, decree, regulation, common law, order, official policy, circular, provision, administrative order, interpretation, injunction, judgment, ruling, assessment, writ or other legislative measure, in each case of any governmental authority; 10 “Lien” means any encumbrance, right, interest or restriction, including any mortgage, judgment lien, materialman’s lien, mechanic’s lien, other lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, security interest, pledge, hypothecation, encroachment, easement, title defect, title retention agreement, voting trust agreement, right of , right of first refusal, claim, option, limitation, forfeiture, penalty, equity, adverse interest or other third party right or security interest of any kind or an agreement, arrangement or obligation to create any of the foregoing; “Listing Rules” means the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as amended from time to time; “Member” has the same meaning as in the Statute; “Memorandum” means the memorandum of association of the Company or as amended and altered from time to time by Special Resolutions; “Officers” means the officers for the time being and from time to time of the Company; “Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the votes cast by the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by these Articles; “Ordinary Shares” means the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares, collectively; “Person” means any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires, other than in respect of a Director or Officer in which circumstances Person shall mean any person or entity permitted to act as such in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands; “Present” means, in respect of any Person, such Person’s presence at a general meeting of Members, which may be satisfied by means of such Person or, if a corporation or other Person, is duly authorised representative (or, in the case of any Member, a proxy which has been validly appointed by such Member in accordance with the Articles), being: (a) physicaly presen physically present at the meeting; or 11 (b) in the case of any meeting at which Communication Facilities are permitted in accordance with the Articles, including any Virtual Meeting, connected by means of the use of such Communication Facilities; “PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for purposes of these Articles, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan; “Register of Members” means the register maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any duplicate Register of Members; “Registered Office” means the registered office for the time being of the Company; “Seal” means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal; Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States of America, as amended, or any similar federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time; “Secretary” means any Person appointed by the Directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary of the Company; “Share” and “Shares” means a share in the capital of the Company, and includes an Ordinary Share. All references to “Shares” herein shall be deemed to be Shares of any or all Classes as the context may require. For the avoidance of doubt, in these Articles the expression “Share” shall include a fraction of a Share; “Share Premium Account” means the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Statute; “Special Resolution” means a special resolution passed in accordance with the Statute, being a resolution: (a). in respect of (i) any amendment to the Memorandum or these Articles; or (ii) the voluntarily liquidation or winding up of the Company, passed by a majority of not less than of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given and in computing the majority regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled; or 12 (b). in respect of any matter that requires a special resolution (other than those specified in paragraph (a). above), passed by a majority of not less than of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given and in computing the majority regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled, and includes a unanimous written resolution; “Subsidiary” means, with respect to any given Person, any Person of which the given Person directly or indirectly Controls; “Statute” means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended; “Tencent” means Min River Investment Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, and its Affiliates; “Tencent Holdings” means Tencent Holdings Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability with its ordinary shares listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 700); “Tencent Holdings Affiliate” means an entity that is not a natural person over which Tencent Holdings directly or indirectly (i) exercises or controls 30% or more of its total voting power or (ii) controls the composition of a majority of the board of directors or similar governing body of such entity; “US$” means the lawful money of the United States of America; and “United States” means the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its jurisdiction . ; and “Virtual Meeting” means any general meeting of Members at which the Members and any other permitted participants of such meeting (including, without limitation, the chairman of such meeting and any Directors) are permitted to attend and participate solely by means of Communication Facilities. 13 2. In these Articles: 2.1. words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; 2.2. words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 2.3. words importing persons include corporations; 2.4. references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, or replaced from time to time; 2.5. the word “including” or any variation thereof means (unless the context of its usage otherwise requires) “including, without limitation” and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it; 2.6. when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to these Articles, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded; 2.7. references to “writing,” “written” and comparable expressions include any mode of reproducing words in a legible and nontransitory form including emails and faxes in the form of an Electronic Record , provided the sender complies with the provision of Article 166165 ; 2.8. any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; 2.9. any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles include the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an Electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; 2.8. 2.10. if any payment hereunder would have been, but for this Article, due and payable on a date that is not a Business Day, then such payment shall instead be due and payable on the first Business Day after such date; 2.9. 2.11. headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing these Articles; and 2.10. 2.12. Sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply. 14 SHARE CAPITAL 1. The authorized share capital of the Company is US$3,984,000 divided into 48,000,000,000 shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; comprising (a) 4,800,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; (b) 4,800,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares of par value of US$0.000083 each; and (c) 38,400,000,000 shares of US$0.000083 each of such Class or Classes (however designated) as the Board may determine in accordance with these Articles. 2. Subject to the Statute, the Memorandum and these Articles and, where applicable, Designated Stock Exchange Rules and/or the rules of any competent regulatory authority, any power of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire its own shares shall be exercisable by the Board in such manner, upon such terms and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit. SHARES 3. Subject to the Law, these Articles and, where applicable, the Designated Stock Exchange Rules (and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may in their absolute discretion and without the approval of the Members, cause the Company to: (a). allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, to Such Persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper; (b). grant rights over Shares or other securities to be issued in one or more classes or series as they deem necessary or appropriate and determine the designations, powers, preferences, privileges and other rights attaching to such Shares or securities, including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the powers, preferences, privileges and rights associated with the then issued and outstanding Shares, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper; and (c). issue options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of shares or securities in the capital of the Company on such terms as it may from time to time determine. 4. The Directors may authorise the division of Shares into any number of Classes and the different Classes shall be authorized, established and designated (or as the case may be) and the variations in the relative rights (including, without limitation, voting, dividend and redemption rights), restrictions, preferences, privileges and payment obligations as between the different Classes (if any) may be fixed and determined by the Directors or by a Special Resolution. The Directors may issue from time to time, out of the authorized share capital of the Company, preferred shares with such preferred or other rights, all or any of which may be greater than the rights of Ordinary Shares, at such time and on such terms as 15 they may think appropriate in their absolute discretion and without approval of the Members; provided, however, before any preferred shares of any such series are issued, the Directors may by resolution of Directors determine, with respect to any series of preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series, including: (a). the designation of such series, the number of preferred shares to constitute such series and the subscription price thereof if different from the par value thereof; (b). whether the preferred shares of such series shall have voting rights, in addition to any voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights, which may be general or limited; (c). the dividends, if any, payable on such series, whether any such dividends shall be cumulative, and, if so, from what dates, the conditions and dates upon which such dividends shall be payable, and the preference or relation which such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on any shares of any other class or any other series of shares; (d). whether the preferred shares of such series shall be subject to redemption by the Company, and, if so, the times, prices and other conditions of such redemption; (e). whether the preferred shares of such series shall have any rights to receive any part of the assets available for distribution amongst the Members upon the liquidation of the Company, and, if so, the terms of such liquidation preference, and the relation which such liquidation preference shall bear to the entitlements of the holders of shares of any other class or any other series of shares; (f). whether the preferred shares of such series shall be subject to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which any such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or redemption of the preferred shares of such series for retirement or other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof; (g). whether the preferred shares of such series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or any other series of preferred shares or any other securities and, if so, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions of conversion or exchange; (h). the limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any preferred shares of such series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company of, the existing shares or shares of any other class of shares or any other series of preferred shares; (i). the conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness of the Company or upon the issue of any additional shares, including additional shares of such series or of any other class of shares or any other series of preferred shares; and 16 (j). any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof; and, for such purposes, the Directors may reserve an appropriate number of Shares for the time being unissued. 5. Neither the Company nor the Board shall be obliged, when making or granting any allotment of, offer of, option over or disposal of shares, to make, or make available, any such allotment, offer, option or shares to Members or others with registered addresses in any particular territory or territories being a territory or territories where, in the absence of a registration statement or other special formalities, this would or might, in the opinion of the Board, be unlawful or impracticable. Members affected as a result of the foregoing sentence shall not be, or be deemed to be, a separate class of members for any purpose whatsoever. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the resolution or resolutions providing for the establishment of any class or series of preferred shares, no vote of the holders of preferred shares of or ordinary shares shall be a prerequisite to the issuance of any shares of any class or series of the preferred shares authorized by and complying with the conditions of the Memorandum and these Articles. 6. The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 7. The Company may in connection with the issue of any shares exercise all powers of paying commissions and brokerage conferred or permitted by the Law. Such commissions and brokerage may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the lodgement of fully or partly Shares or partly in one way and partly in the other. 8. The Directors may refuse to accept any application for Shares, and may accept any application in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason. FRACTIONAL SHARES 9. The Directors may issue fractions of a Share and, if so issued, a fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to nominal or par value, premium, contributions, calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights (including, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, voting and participation rights) and other attributes of a whole Share. If more than one fraction of a Share of the same Class is issued to or acquired by the same Member such fractions shall be accumulated. REGISTER OF MEMBERS 10. The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute. Except when the Register of Members is closed, the branch register of members of the Company maintained in Hong Kong shall during business hours be kept open for inspection by any Member. 17 CLOSING REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE 11. For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed thirty (30) calendar days in any years (or such longer period as the Members may by Ordinary Resolution determine provided that such period shall not be extended beyond sixty (60) calendar days in any year). If the Register of Members shall be closed for the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members, the Register of Members shall be closed for at least ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding the meeting and the record date for such determination shall be the date of closure of the Register of Members. 12. In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any dividend or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 13. If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof. SHARE CERTIFICATES 14. A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorized by the Directors. The Directors may authorize certificates to be issued with the authorized signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to these Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 15. No certificate shall be issued representing shares of more than one class. 16. The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. In the event that Shares are held jointly by several persons, any request may be made by any one of the joint holders and if so made shall be binding on all of the joint holders. 18 17. Every share certificate of the Company shall bear legends required under the applicable laws, including the Securities Act. 18. Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Law or as the Designated Stock Exchange may from time to time determine, whichever is the shorter, after allotment or, except in the case of a transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgment of a transfer with the Company. 19. (1) Upon every transfer of Shares the certificate held by the transferor shall be given up to be cancelled, and shall forthwith be cancelled accordingly, and a new certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the Shares transferred to him at such fee as is provided in paragraph (2) of this Article. If any of the Shares included in the certificate so given up shall be retained by the transferor a new certificate for the balance shall be issued to him at the aforesaid fee payable by the transferor to the Company in respect thereof. (2) The fee referred to in paragraph (1) above shall be an amount not exceeding the relevant maximum amount as the Designated Stock Exchange may from time to time determine provided that the Board may at any time determine a lower amount for such fee. 20. If a share certificate shall be damaged or defaced or alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, a new certificate representing the same Shares may be issued to the relevant Member upon request, subject to delivery up of the old certificate or (if alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed) compliance with such conditions as to evidence and indemnity and the payment of expenses of the Company in connection with the request as the Directors may think fit. REDEMPTION 21. Subject to the provisions of the Statute and these Articles, the Directors may: (a). issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of Shares shall be effected in such manner and upon such terms as may be determined, before the issue of such Shares, by the Board; (b). purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and upon such terms as have been approved by the Board, or are otherwise authorized by these Articles; and (c). make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 22. The purchase of any Share shall not oblige the Company to purchase any other Share other than as may be required pursuant to applicable law and any other contractual obligations of the Company. 19 23. The holder of the Shares being purchased shall be bound to deliver up to the Company the certificate(s) (if any) thereof for cancellation and thereupon the Company shall pay to him the purchase or redemption monies or consideration in respect thereof. 24. The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share. TREASURY SHARES 25. The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share. The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). NON RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS 26. The Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognize in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by these Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder. LIEN 27. The Company has a first and paramount lien on every Share (whether or not fully paid) for all amounts (whether presently payable or not) payable at a fixed time or called in respect of that Share. The Company also has a first and paramount lien on every Share (whether or not fully paid) registered in the name of a Person indebted or under liability to the Company (whether he is the sole registered holder of a Share or one of two or more joint holders) for all amounts owing by him or his estate to the Company (whether or not presently payable). The Directors may at any time declare a Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The Company’s lien on a Share extends to any amount payable in respect of it, including but not limited to dividends. 28. The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors may determine, any Share on which the Company has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless an amount in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable nor until the expiration of fourteen (14) calendar days after a notice in writing, demanding payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the time being of the Share, or the Persons entitled thereto by reason of his death or bankruptcy. 29. For giving effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise a Person to transfer the Shares sold to the purchaser thereof. The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the sale. 20 30. The proceeds of the sale after deduction of expenses, fees and commission incurred by the Company shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares prior to the sale) be paid to the Person entitled to the Shares immediately prior to the sale. CALLS ON SHARES 31. The Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Members in respect of any moneys unpaid on their Shares, and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen (14) calendar days’ notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on such Shares. A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed. 32. The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay calls in respect thereof. 33. If a sum called in respect of a Share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof, the Person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest upon the sum at the rate of eight percent per annum from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of the actual payment, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of that interest wholly or in part. 34. The provisions of these Articles as to the liability of joint holders and as to payment of interest shall apply in the case of of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or by way of premium, as if the same had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 35. The Directors may make arrangements with respect to the issue of partly paid Shares for a difference between the Members, or the particular Shares, in the amount of calls to be paid and in the times of payment. 36. The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Member willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys uncalled and unpaid upon any partly paid Shares held by him, and upon all or any of the moneys so advanced may (until the same would, but for such advance, become presently payable) pay interest at such rate (not exceeding without the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution, eight percent per annum) as may be agreed upon between the Member paying the sum in advance and the Directors. FORFEITURE OF SHARES 37. If a Member fails to pay any call or instalment of a call in respect of any Shares on the day appointed for payment, the Directors may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together with any interest which may have accrued. 21 38. The notice shall name a further day (not earlier than the expiration of fourteen (14) calendar days from the date of the notice) on or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made, and shall state that in the event of at or before the time appointed the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 39. If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any Share in respect of which the notice has been given may at any time thereafter, before the payment required by notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors to that effect. 40. A forfeited Share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit, and at any time before a sale or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. 41. A Person whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of the forfeited Shares, but shall, notwithstanding, remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of the Shares forfeited, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of the amount unpaid on the Shares forfeited. 42. A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director, and that a Share has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts in the declaration as against all Persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. 43. The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for a Share on any sale or disposition thereof pursuant to the provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture and may execute a transfer of the Share in favour of the Person to whom the Share is sold or disposed of and that Person shall be registered as the holder of the Share, and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the disposition or sale. 44. The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of of any sum which by the terms of issue of a Share becomes due and payable, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or by way of premium, as if the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. TRANSFER OF SHARES 45. Subject to these Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange or in any other form approved by the Board and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a clearing house or a central depository house or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Board may approve from time to time. 22 46. The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing and in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, approve and be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and if in respect of a nil or partly paid up Share, or if so required by the Directors, shall also be executed on behalf of the transferee and shall be accompanied by the certificate (if any) of the Shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer. The transferor shall be deemed to remain a Member until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members in respect of the relevant Shares. 47. The Board may, in its absolute discretion, and without giving any reason therefor, refuse to register a transfer of any share to a person of whom it does not approve, including any share issued under any share incentive scheme upon which a restriction on transfer imposed thereby still subsists. 48. The Directors may in their absolute discretion decline to register any transfer of Shares which is not fully paid up or on which the Company has a lien. The Directors may also decline to register any transfer of any Share unless: (a). the instrument of transfer is lodged with the Company, accompanied by the certificate for the Shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer; (b). the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one Class of Shares; (c). the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required; (d). in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the Share is to be transferred does not exceed four; and (e). a fee of such maximum sum as the Designated Stock Exchange may determine to be payable, or such lesser sum as the Board may from time to time require, is paid to the Company in respect thereof. 49. The registration of transfers may, after compliance with any notice required by the Designated Stock Exchange Rules, be suspended and the Register of Members closed at such times and for such periods as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, from time to time determine, provided always that such registration of transfer shall not be suspended nor the Register of Members closed for more than thirty (30) calendar days in any calendar year. 50. All instruments of transfer that are registered shall be retained by the Company. If the Directors refuse to register a transfer of any Shares, they shall within two calendar months after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged with the Company send notice of the refusal to each of the transferor and the transferee. 23 TRANSMISSION OF SHARES 51. If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors where he was a joint holder, and his legal personal representatives where he was a sole holder, shall be the only persons recognized by the Company as having any title to his interest. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, which had been jointly held by him. Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may from time to time be required by the Directors, elect either to become the holder of the Share or to have some person nominated by him as the transferee. If he elects to become the holder, he shall give notice to the Company to that effect, but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by that Member before the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of that Member, as the case may be. 52. If the person so becoming entitled shall elect to be registered himself as holder, he shall deliver or send to the Company a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects. 53. A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder of the Share. However, he shall not, before being registered as a Member in respect of the Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some other person nominated by him become the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of such Member or in any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety (90) calendar days, the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. AMENDMENTS OF MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND ALTERATION OF CAPITAL 54. Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the provisions of these Articles, the Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution: (a). increase the share capital by such sum, to be divided into Shares of such Classes and amount, as the resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; (b). consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; 24 (c). divide its Shares into several classes and, without prejudice to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of existing Shares, attach thereto respectively any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges, conditions or such restrictions as, in the absence of any such determination by the Company in general meeting, the Directors may determine, provided always that, for the avoidance of doubt, where a Class of Shares has been authorized by the Company, no resolution of the Company in general meeting is required for the issuance of Shares of that Class and the Directors may issue Shares of that Class and determine such rights, privileges, conditions or restrictions attaching thereto as aforesaid, and further provided that where the Company issues shares which do not carry voting rights, the words “ ” shall appear in the designation of such Shares and where the equity capital includes shares with different voting rights, the designation of each Class of Shares, other than those with the most favorable voting rights, must include the words “restricted voting” or “limited voting”; (d). subdivide its Shares, or any of them, into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value (subject, nevertheless, to the Law), and may by such resolution determine that, as between the holders of the Shares resulting from such , one or more of the Shares may have any such preferred, deferred or other rights or be subject to any such restrictions as compared with the other or others as the Company has power to attach to unissued or new shares; and (e). cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any Person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of shares, without par value, diminish the number of shares into which its capital is divided. 55. All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, Liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital. The Board may settle as they consider expedient any difficulty which arises in relation to any consolidation and division under the preceding Article and in particular but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing may issue certificates in respect of fractions of shares or arrange for the sale of the shares representing fractions and the distribution of the net proceeds of sale (after deduction of the expenses of such sale) in due proportion amongst the Members who would have been entitled to the fractions, and for this purpose the Board may authorise some person to transfer the shares representing fractions to their purchaser or resolve that such net proceeds be paid to the Company for the Company’s benefit. Such purchaser will not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor will his title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings relating to the sale. 56. Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the provisions of these Articles, the Company may from time to time by Special Resolution: (a). change its name; (b). alter, amend or add to these Articles; 25 (c). alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and (d). reduce its share capital and any capital redemption reserve fund in any manner authorized by Law. SHARE RIGHTS 57. Subject to the provisions of applicable Law, Designated Stock Exchange Rules, the Memorandum and these Articles and to any special rights conferred on the holders of any Shares or class of Shares, any share in the Company (whether forming part of the present capital or not) may be issued with or have attached thereto such rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise as the Board may determine, including without limitation on terms that they may be, or at the option of the Company or the holder are, liable to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner, including out of capital, as the Board may deem fit. 58. Subject to the provisions of applicable Law and these Articles, any preferred shares may be issued or converted into shares that, at a determinable date or at the option of the Company or the holder if so authorized by the Memorandum, are liable to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner as the Directors before the issue or conversion may determine. Where the Company purchases for redemption a redeemable share, purchases not made through the market or by tender shall be limited to a maximum price as may from time to time be determined by the Board, either generally or with regard to specific purchases. If purchases are by tender, tenders shall comply with applicable Law. 59. The rights and restrictions attaching to the Ordinary Shares are as follows: (a). Income Holders of Ordinary Shares shall be entitled to such dividends as the Directors may in their absolute discretion lawfully declare from time to time. (b). Capital Holders of Ordinary Shares shall be entitled to a return of capital on liquidation, dissolution or of the Company (other than on a conversion, redemption or purchase of shares, or an equity financing or series of financings that do not constitute the sale of all or substantially all of the shares of the Company). (c). Attendance at General and Special Meetings and Voting Holders of Ordinary Shares have the right to receive notice of, attend, speak and vote at general and special meetings of the Company. Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares shall, at all times, vote together as one class on all matters 26 submitted to a vote by the Members. Each Class A Ordinary Share shall be entitled to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general and special meetings of the Company and each Class B Ordinary Share shall be entitled to fifteen (15) votes on all matters subject to vote at general and special meetings of the Company. (d). Conversion (i) Each Class B Ordinary Share is convertible into one (1) Class A Ordinary Share at any time by the holder thereof. The right to convert shall be exercisable by the holder of the Class B Ordinary Share delivering a written notice to the Company that such holder elects to convert a specified number of Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Ordinary Shares. In no event shall Class A Ordinary Shares be convertible into Class B Ordinary Shares. (ii) Upon: (A) any sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B Ordinary Shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an Affiliate (in the case of Tencent as the holder of Class B Ordinary Shares, “Affiliate” shall mean Tencent Holdings or Tencent Holdings Affiliate) of such holder, or (B) a change of beneficial ownership of any Class B Ordinary Shares as a result of which any Person who is not an Affiliate (in the case of Tencent as the holder of Class B Ordinary Shares, “Affiliate” shall mean Tencent Holdings or Tencent Holdings Affiliate) of the registered holders of such Ordinary Shares becomes a beneficial owner of such Ordinary Shares, such Class B Ordinary Shares shall be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A Ordinary Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) a sale, transfer, assignment or disposition shall be effective upon the Company’s registration of such sale, transfer, assignment or disposition in the Register of Members; (ii) the creation of any pledge, charge, encumbrance or other third party right of whatever description on any Class B Ordinary Shares to secure any contractual or legal obligations shall not be deemed as a sale, transfer, assignment or disposition unless and until any such pledge, charge, encumbrance or other third party right is enforced and results in the third party who is not an Affiliate (in the case of Tencent as the holder of Class B Ordinary Shares, “Affiliate” shall mean Tencent Holdings or Tencent Holdings Affiliate) of the relevant Member becoming a beneficial owner of the relevant Class B Ordinary Shares, in which case all the related Class B Ordinary Shares shall be automatically and immediately converted into the same number of Class A Ordinary Shares, and (iii) the termination of directorship on the Board or employment as an executive officer with the Company of any holder of any Class B Ordinary Shares shall not trigger the automatic conversion contemplated under this Article 59(d). 27 (iii) For purposes of this Article 59, “beneficial ownership” shall have the meaning defined in Rule 13d-3 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (iv) Any conversion of Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Article shall be effected by means of the and of the relevant Class B Ordinary Share as a Class A Ordinary Share together with such rights and restrictions and which shall rank pari passu is all respects with the Class A Ordinary Shares then in issue. Such conversion shall become effective forthwith upon entries being made in the Register of Members to record the and of the relevant Class B Ordinary Shares as Class A Ordinary Shares. (v) Upon conversion, the Company shall allot and issue the relevant Class A Ordinary Shares to the converting Member, enter or procure the entry of the name of the relevant holder of Class B Ordinary Shares, as the holder of the relevant number of Class A Ordinary Shares resulting from the conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares, in, and make any other necessary and consequential changes to, the Register of Members and shall procure that certificates in respect of the relevant Class A Ordinary Shares, together with a new certificate for any unconverted Class B Ordinary Shares, comprised in the certificate(s) surrendered by the holder of the Class B Ordinary Shares are issued to the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares. (vi) Save and except for voting rights and conversion rights as set out in this Article 59(c) and 59(d), Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares shall rank pari passu and shall have the same rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions. VARIATION OF RIGHTS OF SHARES 60. Whenever the capital of the Company is divided into different Classes, the rights attached to any such Class may, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any Class, only be materially adversely varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than (3/4) of the issued Shares of the relevant Class, or with the sanction of a resolution passed at a separate meeting by the holders of a majority of not less than (3/4) of the Shares of such Class present Present and voting at such a meeting. To every such separate meeting all the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company or to the proceedings thereat shall, mutatis mutandis, apply, except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more Persons at least holding or representing by proxy of the voting power of the issued Shares of the relevant Class and that, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class, every Member of the Class shall on a poll have one vote for each Share of the Class held by him. 61. The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any Class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class, be deemed to be materially adversely varied or abrogated by, inter alia , the creation, allotment or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with or subsequent to them or the redemption or purchase of any Shares of any Class by the Company. 28 REGISTERED OFFICE 62. Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. GENERAL MEETINGS 63. All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings. 64. The Company shall in each financial year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. The annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place (which, in the case of a Virtual Meeting, includes a virtual place) as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 65. The Chairman or a majority of the Directors may call general meetings, and they shall on a Member’s requisition forthwith proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Company. 66. A Members’ requisition is a requisition of Members of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in the aggregate not less than (1/10) of the aggregate number of votes attaching to all issued and outstanding Shares of the Company as at that date, on a one vote per share basis, that carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. 67. The requisition must state the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists. 68. If there are no Directors as at the date of the deposit of a Members’ requisition, or if the Directors do not within (21) calendar days from the date of the deposit of such requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further (21) calendar days, the requisitionists themselves may convene the general meeting and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists as a result of the failure of the Directors to convene the general meeting shall be reimbursed to them by the Company, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three calendar months after the expiration of the said (21) calendar days. 69. A general meeting convened as aforesaid by requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings are to be convened by Directors. 29 70. The Directors may make Communication Facilities available for a specific general meeting or all general meetings of the Company so that Members and other participants may attend and participate at such general meetings by means of such Communication Facilities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Directors may determine that any general meeting may be held as a Virtual Meeting. NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 70. 71. An annual general meeting shall be called by not less than 21 days’ notice in writing and any extraordinary general meeting shall be called by not less than 14 days’ notice in writing. The notice shall be exclusive of the day on which it is served or deemed to be served and of the day for which it is given, and shall specify the place (which, in the case of a Virtual Meeting, includes a virtual place) , the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this regulation has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: (a). in the case of an annual general meeting, by all the Members (or their proxies) entitled to attend and vote thereat; and (b). in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members (or their proxies) having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, being a majority together holding not less than (2/3) in voting rights of the Shares giving that right. 72. The notice of any general meeting at which Communication Facilities will be utilised (including any Virtual Meeting) shall specify the Communication Facilities that will be utilised, including the procedures to be followed by any Member or other participant of the general meeting who wishes to utilise such Communication Facilities for the purpose of attending, participating and voting at such meeting. 71. 73. The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the of notice of a meeting by, any Person entitled to receive notice shall not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting. PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 72. 74. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present Present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. The holder(s) of Shares which carry not less than of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the Company’s share capital Present shall constitute a quorum; unless the Company has only one Member entitled to vote at such general meeting in which case the quorum shall be that one Member present in person or by proxy or (in the case of a corporation or other person) by a duly authorized representative or proxy Present . 30 73. 75. A person may participate at a general meeting by telephone or other similar communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in such meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 74. 76. A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations, signed by their duly authorized representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 75. 77. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present Present , it shall stand adjourned to the fifth (5th) following calendar day at the same time and place ( whether physical or virtual) ( or to such other time or such other place (whether physical or virtual) as the Directors may determine) and at such adjourned meeting, two or more Members holding at least of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the Company’s share capital Present shall form a quorum. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the adjourned meeting such quorum is not present Present , the meeting shall be dissolved. 76. 78. The chairman, if any, of the Board shall preside as chairman at every general meeting of the Company, or if there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present Present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for the holding of the meeting, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present Present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 77. 79. If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present Present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the Members present Present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 80. The chairman of any general meeting shall be entitled to attend and participate at such general meeting by means of Communication Facilities, and to act as the chairman, in which event: (a) the chairman shall be deemed to be Present at the meeting; and (b) if the Communication Facilities are interrupted or fail for any reason to enable the chairman to hear and be heard by all other Persons attending and participating at the meeting, then the Directors Present at the meeting shall choose another Director Present to act as chairman of the meeting for the remainder of the meeting; provided that if (i) no other Director is Present at the meeting, or (ii) all the Directors Present decline to take the chair, the meeting shall be automatically adjourned to the same day in the next week and at such time and place (whether physical or virtual) as shall be decided by the Directors. 31 78. 81. The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present Present (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place (whether physical or virtual) , but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty (30) calendar days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice. 79. 82. A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on the vote of the requisite majority pursuant to a poll of the Members. Unless otherwise required by the Statute or these Articles, such requisite majority shall be a simple majority of votes that are able to be cast. 80. 83. The Directors may cancel or postpone any duly convened general meeting at any time prior to such meeting, except for general meetings requisitioned by the Members in accordance with these Articles, for any reason or for no reason, upon notice in writing to Members. A postponement may be for a stated period of any length and to a specific date, time and place as the Directors may determine. Notice of the business to be transacted at such postponed general meeting shall not be required. If a general meeting is postponed in accordance with this Article, the appointment of a proxy will be valid if it is received as required by the Articles not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the postponed meeting. 84. A poll shall, subject to Article 85, be taken in such manner (including the use of ballot or voting papers or tickets or Electronic means) and at such time and place, not being more than 30 days from the date of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the poll was t

[truncated]