6-K 1 f6k_031926.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of March 2026 Commission File Number: 1-32575 Shell plc (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) England and Wales (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) Shell Centre London, SE1 7NA United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) ________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F [ X ] Form 40-F [ ] Shell update on its facilities in Qatar Shell plc, London, March 19, 2026 Qatar Update The safety and security of Shell’s employees and contractors is our highest priority. Shell continues to work closely with local authorities, our partners and customers. • LNG production in Qatar has been shut down since early March. • During the evening of 18 th March, an attack on Ras Laffan Industrial City took place. All staff on site are safe. A fire that broke out within the Pearl GTL facility as a result of the incident was rapidly extinguished. The situation is under control and Pearl GTL is in a safe state. • We are currently assessing any potential damage to Pearl GTL and working with QatarEnergy and the relevant authorities to understand the damage to the wider Ras Laffan Industrial City facilities . We will provide further updates in due course via shell.com. Cautionary Note The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this press release “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this press release refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms “joint venture”, “joint operations”, “joint arrangements”, and “associates” may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all interest. statements This press release contains statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, statements. statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”; “ambition”; ‘‘anticipate’’; “aspire”, “aspiration”, ‘‘believe’’; “commit”; “commitment”; ‘‘could’’; “desire”; ‘‘estimate’’; ‘‘expect’’; ‘‘goals’’; ‘‘intend’’; ‘‘may’’; “milestones”; ‘‘objectives’’; ‘‘outlook’’; ‘‘plan’’; ‘‘probably’’; ‘‘project’’; ‘‘risks’’; “schedule”; ‘‘seek’’; ‘‘should’’; ‘‘target’’; “vision”; ‘‘will’’; “would” and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements included in this press release, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks, including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, regional conflicts, such as the war and the conflict in the Middle East, and a significant cyber security, data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2025 (available at www.shell.com/investors/ / .html and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all statements contained in this press release and should be considered by the reader. Each statement speaks only as of the date of this press release, 19 March 2026. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the statements contained in this press release. The contents of websites referred to in this press release do not form part of this press release. We may have used certain terms, such as resources, in this press release that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F, File No 1-32575, available on the SEC website www.sec.gov. Enquiries: Shell Media Relations International, UK, European Press: +44 (0)20 7934 5550 This Report on Form 6-K is incorporated by reference into: (a) the Registration Statement on Form F-3 of Shell plc, Shell Finance US Inc. and Shell International Finance B.V. (Registration Numbers 333-276068, 333-276068-01 and 333-276068-02); and (b) the Registration Statements on Form S-8 of Shell plc (Registration Numbers 333-262396, 333-272192 and 333-292109). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Shell plc (Registrant) Date: March 19, 2026 /s/ SEAN ASHLEY Sean Ashley Company Secretary