Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 214 Consolidated Balance Sheet 215 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 216 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 217 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 218 1. Basis of preparation 218 2. Material accounting policies, judgements and estimates 218 3. Changes to IFRS not yet adopted 228 4. Climate change and energy transition 228 5. Emission schemes and related environmental plans 240 6. Capital management 242 7. Segment information 243 8. Operating Revenues 251 9. Interest and other income 252 10. Interest expense 252 11. Goodwill and other Intangible assets 252 12. Property, plant and equipment 253 13. Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets 255 14. Joint ventures and associates 258 15. Investments in securities 259 16. Trade and other receivables 259 17. Inventories 260 18. Cash and cash equivalents 260 19. Assets held for sale 261 20. Trade and other payables 261 21. Debt 262 22. Leases 264 6 Shell Form 20-F 2025 23. Taxation 265 24. Retirement benefits 268 25. Decommissioning and other provisions 275 26. Financial instruments 276 27. Share capital 283 28. compensation plans and shares held in trust 283 29. Other reserves 284 30. Dividends 286 31. Earnings per share 286 32. Legal proceedings and other contingencies 286 33. Employees 289 34. Directors and Senior Management 289 35. Auditor's remuneration 290 36. sheet events 290 Supplementary information – oil and gas (unaudited) 291 Supplementary information – EU Taxonomy disclosure 310 Shareholder information 317 Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 disclosure 322 measures reconciliations and Operational measures 323 Index to the exhibits 324 Signatures 325 Financial calendar 326 7 Shell Form 20-F 2025 CROSS REFERENCE TO FORM 20-F Part I Pages Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers N/A Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable N/A Item 3. Key Information A. [Reserved] B. Capitalization and indebtedness N/A C. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds N/A D. Risk factors 23-30 Item 4. Information on the Company A. History and development of the company 12-22, 35-88, 105-128, 317 B. Business overview 13-30, 33-34, 45-88, 118-139, 291-309 C. Organizational structure 19, Exhibit 8.1 D. Property, plants and equipment 23-30, 35-37, 45-88, 126-128, 135-137, 291-309 Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments N/A Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects A. Operating results 23-30, 36-41, 45-88, 276-288 B. Liquidity and capital resources 38-41, 45-46, 52, 53, 69-70, 74-75, 81-82, 86, 218-228, 242, 252-265 C. Research and development, patents and licences, etc. 14, 87, 102, 214, 219, 244-246 D. Trend information 20-30, 33-60, 69-88, 89-138 E. Critical Accounting Estimates N/A Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees A. Directors and senior management 140-147, 203-205 B. Compensation 169-176, 178-192, 289 C. Board practices 31-32, 140-192, 200-210 D. Employees 129-132, 289 E. Share ownership 132, 148, 186-187, 202, 283-284, 317 F. Disclosure of a registrant's action to recover erroneously awarded compensation N/A Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions A. Major shareholders 318 B. Related party transactions 210, 258, 289 C. Interests of experts and counsel N/A Item 8. Financial Information A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information 40-41, 200, 211-290 B. Significant Changes 290 Item 9. The Offer and Listing A. Offer and listing details 317 B. Plan of distribution N/A C. Markets 317 D. Selling shareholders N/A E. Dilution N/A F. Expenses of the issue N/A Item 10. Additional Information A. Share capital N/A B. Memorandum and articles of association 203-210 C. Material contracts N/A D. Exchange controls 319 E. Taxation 319-321 8 Shell Form 20-F 2025 F. Dividends and paying agents N/A G. Statement by experts N/A H. Documents on display 12 I. Subsidiary Information N/A J. Annual Report to Security Holders See Form 6-K, furnished March 12, 2026 Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38, 225-227, 259, 276-282 Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities A. Debt Securities Exhibit 2.6 B. Warrants and Rights N/A C. Other Securities N/A D. American Depositary Shares 317-319, Exhibit 2.6 Part II Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies N/A Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds N/A Item 15. Controls and Procedures 200, 213 Item 16. [Reserved] Item 16A. Audit committee financial expert 160 Item 16B. Code of Ethics 202 Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 168 Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 202-203 Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 40-41, 200 Item 16F. Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant 168, Exhibit 16.1 Item 16G. Corporate Governance 202-210 Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure N/A Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections N/A Item 16J. Insider trading policies 202, Exhibits 11.1, 11.2 and 11.3 Item 16K. Cybersecurity 28, 87-88 Part III Item 17. Financial Statements N/A Item 18. Financial Statements 211-290 Item 19. Exhibits 329 9 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Terms and abbreviations Currencies $ US dollar € euro £ sterling Units of measurement acre approximately 0.004 square kilometres b(/d) barrels (per day) bbl barrel boe(/d) barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel GJ gigajoule GW gigawatt kboe(/d) thousand barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel kWh mb/d million barrels per day megajoule a unit of energy equal to one million joules MMBtu million British thermal units mtpa million tonnes per annum MW megawatt MWh Nm3 normal cubic metre per day volumes are converted into a daily basis using a calendar year scf(/d) standard cubic feet (per day) TWh Products GTL LNG liquefied natural gas LPG liquefied petroleum gas NGL natural gas liquids Miscellaneous Act UK Companies Act 2006 ADS American Depositary Share AGM Annual General Meeting API American Petroleum Institute APM Alternative performance measure ARC Audit and Risk Committee CAGR Compound annual growth rate CCS carbon capture and storage CCS earnings earnings on a current cost of supplies basis CFFO cash flow from operating activities CISO Chief Information Security Officer CMD Capital Markets Day CMF carbon management framework CO 2 carbon dioxide CO 2 e carbon dioxide equivalent CRC Carbon Reporting Committee CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive DE&I Diversity, equity, and inclusion EBITDA Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization EC Executive Committee EMTN Euro note EPS earnings per share ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards ETS24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024 EV Electric vehicle FPI Fatality and Permanent Impairments FCF free cash flow FID final investment decision GAAP generally accepted accounting principles GHG greenhouse gas HSSE health, safety, security and environment IAS International Accounting Standards IEA International Energy Agency IFRS International Financial Reporting Standard(s) IOGP International Association of Oil & Gas Producers IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Ipieca International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association ISSB International Sustainability Standards Board KPI Key performance indicator LGBT+ Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender LTIP Incentive Plan NBS Solutions NCI net carbon intensity NGO organisation NOV venture NOMCO Nomination and Succession Committee NZE Net zero emissions OECD Organisation for Economic and Development OML oil mining lease OP 25 Operating Plan 2025 OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ 12 members of the OPEC and 11 other members OPL oil prospecting licence PSC contract PSP Performance Share Plan R&D Research and development REMCO Remuneration Committee RNG Renewable natural gas RT real terms SEAM Safety, Environment and Asset Management SEC US Securities and Exchange Commission SGBP Shell General Business Principles SIAI Shell Internal Audit and Investigations SP social performance SUSCO Sustainability Committee TCFD Task Force on Financial Disclosures TSR total shareholder return WACC weighted average cost of capital Indicates information that supports TCFD disclosure 10 Shell Form 20-F 2025 About this Report This Form 20-F as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2025 (this "Report") presents the Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Shell") (pages 214-290). Except for these Financial Statements, the numbers presented throughout this Report may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures due to rounding. to Form 20-F are set out on pages 8-9 of this Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc and its subsidiaries contained in this Report have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 (the "Act"), and therefore in accordance with international accounting standards. As applied to Shell, there are no material differences from International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB); therefore, the Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. IFRS as defined above includes interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee. Financial reporting terms used in this Report are in accordance with IFRS. This Report contains certain measures such as free cash flow and underlying operating expense. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell, such as oil and gas prices, interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc's consolidated financial statements. The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this report "Shell", "Shell Group" and "Group" are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words "we", "us" and "our" are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. "Subsidiaries", "Shell subsidiaries" and "Shell companies" as used in this report refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms "joint venture", "joint operations", "joint arrangements", and "associates" may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term "Shell interest" is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all interest. As used in this Report, "Accountable" is intended to mean: required or expected to justify actions or decisions. The Accountable person does not necessarily implement the action or decision (implementation is usually carried out by the person who is Responsible) but must organise the implementation and verify that the action has been carried out as required. This includes obtaining requisite assurance from Shell companies that the framework is operating effectively. "Responsible" is intended to mean: required or expected to implement actions or decisions. Each Shell company and venture is responsible for its operational performance and compliance with the Shell General Business Principles, Code of Conduct, Statement on Risk Management and Risk Manual, and Standards and Manuals. This includes responsibility for the operationalisation and implementation of Shell Group strategies and policies. Shell's "net carbon intensity" referred to in this Report includes Shell's carbon emissions from the production of our energy products, our suppliers' carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production, and our customers' carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell's NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Shell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell's "net carbon intensity" or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries. Shell's operating plan and outlook are forecasted for a three year period and 10-year period, respectively, and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next three and ten years. Accordingly, the outlook reflects our Scope 1, Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next 10 years. However, Shell's operating plan and outlook cannot reflect our 2050 emissions target, as this target is outside our planning period. Such future operating plans and outlooks could include changes to our portfolio, efficiency improvements and the use of carbon capture and storage and carbon credits. In the future, as society moves towards emissions, we expect Shell's operating plans and outlooks to reflect this movement. However, if society is not net zero in 2050, as of today, there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target. Except where indicated, the figures shown in the tables in this Report are in respect of subsidiaries only, without deduction of any interest. However, the term "Shell share" is used for convenience to refer to the volumes of hydrocarbons that are produced, processed or sold through subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. All of a subsidiary's production, processing or sales volumes (including the share of joint operations) are included in the Shell share, even if Shell owns less than 100% of the subsidiary. In the case of joint ventures and associates, however, figures are limited only to Shell's entitlement. In all cases, royalty payments in kind are deducted from the Shell share. Except where indicated, the figures shown in this Report are stated in US dollars. As used herein all references to "dollars" or "$" are to the US currency. This Report contains statements (within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, statements. statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as "aim", "ambition", "anticipate", "aspire", "aspiration", "believe", "commit", "commitment", "could", "desire", "estimate", "expect", "goals", "intend", "may", "milestones", "objectives", "outlook", "plan", "probably", "project", "risks", "schedule", "seek", "should", "target", "vision", "will", "would" and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements included in this Report, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell's products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks, including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of 11 Shell Form 20-F 2025 About this Report continued the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, regional conflicts, such as the war and the conflict in the Middle East, and a significant cyber security, data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. Also see "Risk factors and risk management" on page 23-32 for additional risks and further discussion. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All statements contained in this Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on statements. Each statement speaks only as of the date of this Report. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the statements contained in this Report. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. This Report contains references to Shell's website, the Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Transition Lobbying Report and our report on Payments to Governments. These references are for the readers' convenience only. Shell is not incorporating by reference into this Report any information posted on shell.com or in the Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Transition Lobbying Report or our report on Payments to Governments. The content of any other websites referred to in this Report does not form part of this Report. Shell V-Power and Shell LiveWire are Shell trademarks. Documents on display The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. All of the SEC filings made electronically by Shell are available to the public on the SEC website at sec.gov (commission file number 001-32575). This Report is also available, free of charge, at shell.com/investors/ / or at the offices of Shell in London, United Kingdom and The Hague, the Netherlands. Copies of this Report also may be obtained, free of charge, by mail. 12 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report Chair's message Shell provides energy, directly or indirectly, to around a billion people every year. That number speaks not only to our reach, but also our role in connecting people with the energy they need. As Chief Executive Officer, Wael Sawan has continued to embed a focus on performance, discipline and simplification across Shell. This has translated into stronger operational performance, greater discipline in capital allocation, and more clarity about where we create value. This approach has supported attractive shareholder returns: in the three years to the end of 2025, we have outperformed our peers in terms of total shareholder return [A]. In 2025, we distributed 52% of cash flow from operations to shareholders through our dividends and share buybacks, as we continue to grow value per share. Today, Shell continues to become more competitive and resilient — and better positioned to create value and help provide the energy people need in a world that has become more fragmented and complex. Our changing world A renewed focus on energy security has brought with it a broader recognition that oil and gas will still represent a significant part of the global energy system for decades to come. At Shell, we continue to invest in helping to provide secure supplies of energy with projects like Orca in Brazil, formerly called Gato do Mato, and our multiple production hubs in the Gulf of America. [A] See page 181 in the "Annual Report on Remuneration" for more information. Our task is to manage oil and gas production responsibly and competitively, with a focus on reducing the emissions from our operations. We also believe that gas, including LNG, can play a vital role through the energy transition — as a flexible and reliable alternative to coal in power generation and industry, as a solution for transport and shipping, and as a complement to renewables, helping balance grids as wind and solar scale. June 2025 saw the first cargo from the new LNG Canada facility. It was a proud moment for Shell and our partners, not only because of its significant technical achievements, but because it was designed to be among the lowest carbon intensity LNG facilities in the world — with many cargoes going to meet growing energy demand in Asia. At the same time, climate change remains a real challenge. We have a target to become a emissions energy business by 2050, and we are committed to playing our part in helping to decarbonise the global energy system. energy options are advancing on multiple tracks. Technologies such as wind and solar are now well established, while others — including biofuels like sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and carbon capture and storage (CCS) — will be best able to scale if policy frameworks develop, markets evolve and demand builds. Even as the energy mix changes, overall demand continues to grow. Moving from a global energy system built on coal, oil and gas to one that is increasingly electrified means redesigning the infrastructure that underpins modern life. We must change how we power industry, heat homes, move people and goods, build cities and balance grids. Despite these challenging objectives, there is progress to point to. In October, I visited China where I saw the pace of electrification for myself. I met Shell colleagues and partners engaged in that effort, scaling up electric vehicle infrastructure and working alongside many of China's leading industrial players. Taken together, these developments illustrate an energy transition that is under way, but far from uniform. Countries are advancing from very different starting points, shaped by their resources, infrastructure and energy needs. Even as energy systems change, global economic growth depends on supply that is available, reliable and delivered at scale. Our role in the energy transition In this context, Shell's Board has a clear fiduciary responsibility to promote the success of the company, including through competitive returns to our shareholders. For Shell, fulfilling that responsibility means pursuing investments that help us outperform the competition and increase returns — all within the reality that there is only a finite pool of money investors are willing to commit to the energy system. 13 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Chair's message continued As a result, Shell maintains flexibility across emerging technologies so that if conditions strengthen and markets mature, we are well positioned to compete. We focus on where we can make a difference at scale, where we have competitive advantage, and where we can deliver value for our shareholders. It was through this lens that we took the decision in September 2025 not to restart construction of our planned biofuels plant in Rotterdam. We have also seen what is possible when the right conditions come together. In August 2025, we marked the first injection of CO 2 at the Northern Lights project in Norway — Europe's flagship carbon transport and storage development and a milestone many years in the making. It shows what can be achieved when governments provide stable policy frameworks, industry brings engineering and investment, and customer demand is aligned. At our Capital Markets Day 2023, we said we would invest $10--15 billion in energy solutions between 2023 and 2025, which we have delivered on. In 2025, we also spent almost $500 million on research and development projects that aim to contribute to decarbonisation, representing about 41% of our total research and development expenditure. Shell began life as a trading company more than a century ago. Visiting Trading and Supply colleagues in Rotterdam in December, it was great to see how we are using that capability to deliver biofuels and power, as well as oil and gas. Trading is not simply one activity within Shell; it sits at the heart of our integrated model. Our culture That ability to operate as a truly integrated global organisation is one of Shell's defining strengths today — and will matter even more in the years ahead. But integration ultimately depends on people, and as I visited colleagues around the globe in 2025 — from our Board offsite in Australia to meeting colleagues in China and the Netherlands — I saw the operational excellence of our people in action. Being a global business — with a workforce that spans continents — makes us naturally diverse. We remain committed to being a place where everyone feels valued and respected, wherever they are. Employee engagement has remained steady — a reflection of both the scale of change and the resilience of our people — and we recognise there is more to do to strengthen connection, build trust, and ensure our colleagues feel part of Shell's ongoing transformation through 2026 and beyond. Our confidence In 2026, we expect energy demand to keep growing, the pace of the transition to remain uncertain — and signals from governments, markets and customers may not always align. But I am confident in Shell's ability to thrive because of the steps our people have taken to embed performance, discipline and simplification. These principles have made our organisation more competitive and resilient. Shell enters 2026 as a leaner, stronger and more confident organisation. That confidence does not come from assuming the world will become easier. It comes from the culture our people bring to life every day and the foundations that position Shell to navigate the years ahead and deliver more value with less emissions in a changing energy system. Sir Andrew Mackenzie Chair 1. Board and Executive Committee visit, Australia, 2025. 2. LNG tanker, Canada, 2025. 3. Mars platform with Olympus in the distance, Gulf of America, 2025. 14 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report Chief Executive Officer's review 2025 at a glance 2.1 62 Fatality and permanent impairment frequency ( ) in ventures (2024: 1.7) [A] Tier 1 and Tier 2 process safety incidents (2024: 89) [B] $18.1 billion $18.5 billion Income for the period Adjusted Earnings* (2024: $16.5) (2024: $23.7) $42.9 billion $26.1 billion Cash flow from operating activities (2024: $54.7) Free cash flow* (2024: $39.5) $18.9 billion $20.9 billion Capital expenditure Cash capital expenditure (2024: $19.6) (2024: $21.1) $13.9 billion $8.5 billion Share buyback programme Dividends paid (2024: $13.9) (2024: $8.7) 53 million tonnes 71 gCO 2 e/MJ Scope 1 and 2 emissions CO 2 e Net carbon intensity (NCI) (2024: 58) (2024: 71) Key performance indicators. See pages 33-34. [A] for 2024 has been revised from 1.5 to 1.7. See safety performance on page 128. [B] Tier 1 and Tier 2 process safety incidents for 2024 has been revised from 90 to 89. See safety performance on page 128. We are in a world defined by more uncertainty -- from increasingly fragmented geopolitics, to the rapid rise of artificial intelligence and the pressures of climate change. Energy sits at the heart of this changing world, highlighting the critical role of our sector. As I write this message, amid the turmoil of the conflict in the Middle East, we feel that critical role more than ever. We are focusing first and foremost on the safety and of our colleagues. I would like to thank all our staff for their professionalism, commitment and the care they continue to show for each other. Shell has an important role to play in the evolving energy system. We provide the oil and gas people need today, including liquefied natural gas (LNG). We are also helping to build the energy system of the future, with energy products and solutions. We are transforming into a more competitive and resilient business so that we are in the best possible position to support the around a billion people we serve, directly or indirectly, every year. We are building trust in Shell as the investment case and partner of choice in a complex and changing world. At the heart of Shell's transformation is our focus on performance, discipline and simplification. We are embedding this focus across our organisation, from the way we make investment decisions to how we reshape our retail network and maintain our oil and gas platforms, improving reliability and production. More value with less emissions I am proud of how far we have come with our strategy to deliver more value with less emissions, and grateful for the commitment and hard work of everyone at Shell through a time of considerable change. We set out to build a strong track record of performance, and we have done just that. In 2025, we delivered on the financial targets that we set out at our Capital Markets Day 2023 and, as a result, we set more ambitious financial targets at our Capital Markets Day 2025. We reached $5.1 billion in structural cost reductions by the end of 2025, compared with 2022, three years ahead of our target, with more to come. We are on track to achieve our target to grow normalised free cash flow per share* by more than 10% per year [C] through to 2030, underpinned by the growth we expect from our Integrated Gas and LNG, Upstream and Marketing businesses, as well as the steps we are taking to turn around underperforming capital investment. We saw that growth reflected in our 2025 performance. Our LNG sales increased by 11%, with a record number of LNG cargoes, supporting our aim of a 4--5% increase per year to 2030 [C]. Our Mobility and Lubricants businesses also produced their results, amid rising demand for premium products. 15 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Chief Executive Officer's review continued At the same time, we continued to invest in the strength of our Upstream portfolio. We increased our interests across our leading portfolio in the Gulf of America, Brazil and Nigeria, and invested in oil and gas exploration to expand our core positions and secure potential new opportunities. In 2025, we delivered shareholder distributions at the top end of our target of 40--50% of cash flow from operations* through the cycle [D]. We ended the year with one of the strongest balance sheets in our industry, putting us in a good position for opportunities. We are making solid progress towards our targets and ambition. By the end of 2025, we had achieved around 70% of our target to halve our Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions by 2030, compared with 2016. At the same time, we reduced the net carbon intensity of the energy products we sell by 9%, compared with 2016, moving towards our target of a 15--20% reduction by 2030. By the end of 2025, we had also reduced emissions from the use of our oil products by 18% compared with 2021, as we progress towards our ambition of a 15--20% reduction by 2030. In a significant milestone for 2025, we achieved our target to eliminate routine flaring from our assets. While we have delivered in many areas, there is still more to do. Our starting point must be safety. It must remain our number one priority. In 2025, four colleagues tragically lost their lives in our operated businesses. I feel that deeply, not just as a CEO but also as a colleague. We owe it to them — and to everyone who works for us — to learn from these incidents, and prevent such tragedies from ever happening again. Integrated energy company As we look to the future, we are making real progress on our strategy to deliver more value with less emissions, putting us in a good position to achieve our vision [E] to be the world's leading integrated energy company. Firstly, we took important steps to grow our integrated gas and LNG business. Gas, especially in the form of LNG, is a stabilising force in the energy system, providing flexibility, reliability and security of supply. It is also a alternative to coal for industry and power, and to diesel and fuel oil for transport and shipping. That is why we believe that supplying LNG will be the biggest contribution we will make to the energy transition over the next decade. In June, the first cargoes left our LNG Canada joint venture, crossing the Pacific Ocean to meet demand from customers in Asia. In 2025, we also completed the acquisition of Pavilion Energy in Singapore, strengthening our LNG trading portfolio. Secondly, we continued to focus on keeping liquids production stable, as oil will be essential for the energy system for decades to come. We plan to deliver new projects with more than 1 million barrels of oil equivalent a day by 2030, and we have already added a quarter of that production to our portfolio. In 2025, we achieved our quarterly production in Brazil, and our highest quarterly production since 2005 in the Gulf of America. We reached these record levels through the successful of new projects such as Whale in the Gulf of America, which reached nameplate capacity in less than half the expected time. We increased our stake in the Ursa platform in the Gulf of America, unlocking more value from another asset that achieved a strong operational performance in 2025. And in May, production started at the floating production, storage and offloading facility, around 180 kilometres off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, further strengthening our cost- and portfolio. [C] On a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. [D] Measured across business cycles under varying economic and market conditions. [E] A vision statement defines the desired future state of a company rather than a series of firm, binding commitments. We took an important step in the repositioning of our Upstream portfolio with the divestment of The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) in March 2025. In the UK, we also started a new chapter with our Adura joint venture, one of the largest independent oil and gas producers in the UK North Sea. Premium products Thirdly, we continued to transform our Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions businesses. In our Marketing business, we achieved strong results as we continued to reshape our portfolio with the closure or sale of around 800 branded retail sites. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation meant some tough choices. In 2025, we completed the divestment of our Energy and Chemicals Park in Singapore, and stopped construction of our Rotterdam biofuels plant in the Netherlands because it would not have been competitive enough to meet our customers' needs for affordable, products. In power, we withdrew from projects like the Atlantic Shores Offshore Wind project in the USA to focus on energy storage, flexible generation and trading. Our focused approach puts us in a better position to serve our customers. The Northern Lights joint venture, for example, has already transported CO 2 from its first industrial customers and injected it beneath the Norwegian Sea. Northern Lights is now moving forward with phase two, which will more than double its storage capacity. In the Netherlands, construction of Holland Hydrogen I, one of Europe's largest renewable hydrogen plants, is progressing well. We will continue to look for opportunities where we can create value for our shareholders. Today we have around $20 billion of our capital employed across platforms, including power (both and from renewable energy), fuels, hydrogen, and carbon capture and storage [F]. We will develop them as government policies and customer demand help create attractive business models. We believe governments need to provide the predictability and stability that companies like Shell need for investments. We saw some examples of this in 2025, with the German government's move to implement the European Union's Renewable Energy Directive. This requires increases in the share of renewable energy within the electricity, heating, cooling, transport and industrial sectors. Unlocking potential To achieve our vision, we must unlock the full potential of all our businesses, supported by our trading and optimisation capabilities. I saw that potential for myself when I visited with LNG Canada staff in September. It is impressive how different parts of Shell work together — producing the gas, turning it into LNG and shipping the LNG to our customers. I sat with our traders as they worked side by side with production operators to unlock even more value. I remain extremely grateful to all our staff who are transforming our great organisation into the best version that we can be. Their hard work and determination have made Shell much stronger. I am proud of our commitment to simplify, enable faster decisions and deliver the full value of being an integrated business. That is why I am confident saying that customers can trust that Shell will deliver for them, that investors can trust that we will give them attractive returns, and that partners can trust that we will be there when they need us. In short, 'you can be sure of Shell'. Wael Sawan Chief Executive Officer [F] Gas is a alternative to coal in power generation. * measure. See page 323. 16 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy This is Shell Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies, employing around 85,000 people [A] across more than 70 countries. Our activities include oil and gas exploration and production, and the marketing of fuels, lubricants and chemical products. We also offer energy products and solutions. For more than a century, Shell has been at the heart of the global energy system, fuelling people's homes, industries and transport from cars to planes and ships. Shell provides energy, directly or indirectly, to around a billion people every year. Our purpose is to power progress together by working with each other, our customers and our partners to provide the energy products people need to power their lives and businesses. Our vision [B] is to become the world's leading integrated energy company -- delivering impact at scale, connecting energy and people, matching supply to demand. With global demand for energy increasing, coupled with the challenge of climate change, we will continue to focus on our strategy to deliver more value with less emissions. We are positioning Shell to become a leaner, more competitive organisation to succeed through a energy transition. As the energy system evolves, at different paces in different places, we will continue to earn trust in Shell by providing stability through an uncertain and complex energy transition. We seek to build strong, trusted relationships with all our stakeholders. Our stakeholders include: our employees, contractors and pensioners; the investor community; customers, comprising commercial and industrial customers, as well as the millions we serve daily at our retail sites; our suppliers and strategic partners; regulators and governments; organisations, civil society, academia and think tanks; and the communities where we work. Partner of choice We will leverage our global footprint, trust in our brand, trading and technology capabilities, and our assets and infrastructure to be the energy company that customers and countries choose to be their partner of choice. Our clear financial targets and climate‑related targets and ambition, and our principles of performance, discipline and simplification, will help enable us to realise our vision. The quality of our people and our performance culture ensure we have the right skills, mindset and behaviours. The extraordinary community of talent that powers Shell will approach the next decade of the energy transition with determination. The Shell Performance Framework (SPF) sets out how we operate across the company. It brings together key components -- such as context, direction, culture, structure, people, processes and continuous improvement -- to help ensure that the organisation is aligned behind a consistent way of working. Our performance culture People are key to our success and we expect everyone who works for Shell to behave according to our core values: honesty, integrity and respect for people. We are transforming Shell to be a more competitive business as we focus on performance, discipline and simplification across our organisation. We are building a culture that we believe will help us succeed as we navigate the energy transition. We encourage four attitudes and behaviours from our people: We deliver results: we deeply understand our businesses, simplifying and improving every day. We are disciplined in working towards meeting our promises even when the unexpected happens. We learn and adapt: we navigate uncertainty and adapt in a rapidly changing world. We value and grow our expertise. We learn from setbacks to accelerate progress. We are one team: we listen to different views to make better decisions. We work together with our customers, communities and countries to consistently deliver on our promises. We care: we care about each other, our work, our values, ethics and diversity, equity and inclusion. This builds trust and is key to our performance as we grow to be our best and deliver commercial outcomes. The Board assesses and monitors our culture and how it is embedded in our attitudes and behaviours, including in our activities and stakeholder relationships. See "Board activities" on page 148. [A] At December 31, 2025, and including portfolio companies. [B] A vision statement defines the desired future state of a company rather than a series of firm, binding commitments. 17 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued Strong foundations We will work according to our core values of honesty, integrity, and respect for people. We care about each other, our work, and about doing business the right way – with a focus on safety, people and sustainability. We are committed to doing business in an ethical and transparent way. The nature of our operations exposes us to a wide range of safety risks. As we implement our strategy, we will continue to focus on achieving our Goal Zero ambition: to do no harm to people and to have no leaks across operations. This goal lies at the very heart of our plans and our activities, and we work to ensure our people are prepared to respond if something goes wrong. The Shell Code of Conduct explains how employees, contractors and anyone else acting on behalf of Shell must behave, and the Shell General Business Principles (SGBP) set out our responsibilities to all our stakeholders. We believe that no business can succeed without an unwavering commitment to respecting nature and the communities within which it works. For almost three decades, our commitment to contribute to sustainable development has been part of the SGBP. This requires balancing short- and interests, and integrating economic, environmental and social considerations into business . We seek to manage our impact on people, while working to protect nature, increase reuse and recycling, support biodiversity and use resources efficiently. We also strive to make a positive impact on people around the world, and this includes providing the energy people need, contributing to local economies and communities, championing inclusion and respecting human rights. Our promise that you can be sure of Shell is based on continuity in character and values, and commitment to the people we work with, to the customers we serve and to the investors for whom we are working to deliver more value with less emissions. What sets us apart expertise We have almost five decades of expertise and continue to develop innovative designs for oil and gas assets, replicating successful projects to deliver more value with less emissions. Our business has a track record of sustained cash flow. Integrated gas and LNG capability We are the world's leading publicly listed supplier of LNG with a worldwide network of customers, extensive shipping and storage assets, and access to regasification plants. Our Integrated Gas portfolio is the largest among peers, servicing nearly a fifth of global LNG demand. Our diversified and global portfolio of plants and terminals enhances our resilience to market shocks and allows us to capitalise on price volatility. Brand leader in mobility and lubricants Shell is the world's number one finished lubricants supplier and a leader in mobility with a customer‑centric network. By prioritising value over volume and focusing on premium fuels and lubricants, we deliver stronger returns today and stay relevant as customer needs evolve. Technology and innovation Shell has a long history in technology and innovation. We have a global network of research and development centres and work closely with our customers, suppliers and partners. We also collaborate with leading technology companies to deploy digital solutions at scale across our businesses. Integrated business model – trading and optimisation Shell produces energy and is also one of the world's largest and most experienced energy traders and suppliers. We can identify and meet a customer's needs quickly. Our value chains are enhanced by our logistics infrastructure, purchases from third parties and a leading global position in energy markets. 18 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued Our businesses Reporting segments Integrated Gas Integrated Gas includes natural gas and liquids exploration and extraction. The gas is then processed to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG) or converted into (GTL) fuels and other products. The business includes the operation of both upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver natural gas and its derivatives to market. Integrated Gas also includes the marketing, trading and optimisation of LNG. See pages 45-51 for a review of our performance. Upstream Upstream explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The segment also includes marketing and transportation of oil, gas and liquids, supported by the infrastructure required to deliver them to market or to process them within Shell's chemicals manufacturing plants and refineries. Upstream activities span and conventional oil and gas operations. See pages 52-60 for a review of our performance. Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions Marketing includes Mobility, Lubricants, and Sectors and Decarbonisation. Mobility operates our retail network, including electric vehicle charging, convenience retail, and the Wholesale Commercial Fuels business for transport and industry. Lubricants produces, markets and sells products for road transport and machinery in manufacturing, mining, power generation, agriculture and construction. Sectors and Decarbonisation supplies fuels, speciality products and services, including energy solutions such as biofuels, to a broad range of commercial customers, including in the aviation, marine and agriculture sectors. See pages 69-73 for a review of our performance. Chemicals and Products includes chemicals manufacturing plants with their own marketing network, and refineries which turn crude oil and other feedstocks into a range of oil products which are moved and marketed around the world for domestic, industrial and transport use. The segment also includes the pipeline business, trading and optimisation of crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals. See pages 74-80 for a review of our performance. Renewables and Energy Solutions encompasses renewable power generation, marketing, trading, and optimisation of power and pipeline gas. It also includes hydrogen production, commercial carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs and carbon credits. The business invests in projects that compensate for carbon emissions and Shell Ventures, which invests in or works with and other businesses to help them scale up and grow. See pages 81-85 for a review of our performance. 19 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy Our strategy Our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions. We will continue to drive the transformation of Shell into a leaner and more competitive organisation while delivering resilient returns and rewarding our shareholders. As we transform, we will maintain our focus on performance, discipline and simplification. We will: Grow our integrated gas and LNG business Grow LNG sales 4--5% (CAGR) per year through to 2030 [A]. With our leadership position in LNG and the growing role of natural gas in the global energy system, we are pursuing LNG sales growth. Gas, including LNG, is a stabilising force in energy systems because it is versatile, flexible and reliable. Gas is versatile because it can be used in power generation, industry, heating and transport. It is also flexible and reliable because it is simple to deploy and can be shipped, as LNG, to where it is needed to meet changing demand. Gas can balance renewable energy to provide stability for national grids. Our global trading and supply network enhances the value of our gas portfolio, enabling us to capture opportunities from market volatility while providing secure energy to customers across the world. Keep liquids production stable Sustain liquids production at 1.4 million barrels per day, while growing total production by 1% through to 2030 [B]. The role of oil and gas will be critical to the energy system for decades to come. We are focused on our leading and strong conventional oil and gas businesses. We are committed to delivering value over the long term from our advantaged portfolio of assets and differentiated set of capabilities. These businesses are highly complementary, as conventional oil can offer price resilience while can provide price upside with its barrels. We aim to sustain liquids production through to 2030 and will focus on basins where we have a competitive advantage. We will prioritise cost- and molecules. Transform Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions Drive cash flow resilience and higher returns through disciplined capital allocation. Shell operates a diverse portfolio. This portfolio includes Mobility, Lubricants and our Products portfolio which covers refined products supported by our global trading and supply capabilities. We are focused on enhancing value from these businesses which deliver resilient cash flow. We are repositioning Chemicals, power and existing options (including CCS, hydrogen and fuels) to unlock greater value. We will continue to focus on adjusting investments and business models based on evolving market demand. Our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions Grow our integrated gas and LNG business ￮ Grow LNG sales 4--5% per year through to 2030 [A]. Keep liquids production stable ￮ Sustain liquids production at 1.4 million barrels per day, while growing total production by 1% through to 2030 [B]. Transform Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions ￮ Drive cash flow resilience and higher returns through disciplined capital allocation. [A] On a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. [B] Upstream and Integrated Gas. 20 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Our strategy continued More value At Capital Markets Day 2025, we set out a financial framework that will support us in delivering more value. We are driving improvements in free cash flow generation through disciplined capital allocation, the optimisation of our portfolio, cost efficiency and improved operational performance, including measures such as increasing asset availability and utilisation. This will support us in achieving our target to grow normalised free cash flow per share* by more than 10% on average per year [A] to 2030. We plan cash capital expenditure within the range of $20--22 billion per year between 2025 and 2028, with $21 billion in 2025. In addition, we are targeting 40--50% of our cash flow from operating activities through the cycle for shareholder distributions* [B]. Furthermore, we will continue to reduce structural costs, targeting $5--7 billion in cumulative savings by the end of 2028 compared with 2022. By the end of 2025, we had already achieved structural cost reductions of $5.1 billion since 2022 with more to come. Nearly 60% of the structural cost reductions have come from operational efficiencies, a leaner corporate centre and faster . Less emissions As we work to deliver more value, we must also navigate the energy transition. We have a target to become a emissions energy business by 2050. To help achieve the 2050 target, we also have a target to halve absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions under our operational control by 2030, on a net basis, compared with 2016. As of 2025, we have already achieved some 70% of that target. These are the emissions that come directly from our operations and from the energy we buy to run our operations. For example, we are progressing with improving the energy efficiency of our operations and using more renewable electricity to power our activities. We also have a target to maintain methane emissions intensity for our operated oil and gas assets below 0.2% and achieve methane emissions intensity by 2030 [C]. In addition, we have a target to cut the net carbon intensity (NCI) of the products we sell by 15--20% by 2030 compared with 2016. And, we are on track, delivering 9% by compared with 2016. Achieving our ambition to reduce customer emissions from the use of our oil products [D] by 15-20% by 2030, compared with 2021, means reducing sales of oil products, as we support customers as they move to electric mobility and fuels, such as biofuels. By the end of 2025, we had achieved an 18% reduction. See "Less emissions" on pages 89-117. [A] On a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. [B] Subject to Board approval. [C] Methane intensity is measured and calculated separately for oil and gas assets with marketed gas (gas, LNG and GTL available for sale) and assets without marketed gas (oil and gas assets where gas is reinjected). [D] Scope 3, Category 11. * measure. See page 323. Executing our strategy Our ability to adapt to the dynamic energy landscape and evolving market conditions will be essential to our success. We are shaping our portfolio to focus on areas of competitive advantage, supported by disciplined capital allocation, global customer reach and trading and supply capabilities. In 2025, we executed several deliberate decisions to strengthen our businesses. In Upstream, we completed the divestment of The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria, the conclusion of a major effort. We also completed the formation of the Adura Energy Limited joint venture, which is one of the largest independent producers in the UK North Sea. And, in Chemicals and Products, we divested our asset in Singapore as we are working to reposition our portfolio to unlock further value. These decisive actions demonstrate our focus on value. Photos: Our people are essential to our strategy of delivering more value with less emissions. We are transforming Shell into a leaner, more competitive organisation as we focus on performance, discipline and simplification. Whale platform, Gulf of America, 2025. 21 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Our strategy continued Capital Markets Day 2025 presented an update to our financial targets. We are focused on driving performance, enhancing capital efficiency and unlocking value across our portfolio. Financial discipline and strategic focus Our strengthened financial framework positions us to drive value creation, with disciplined capital allocation and a commitment to deliver resilient returns through the cycle [A]. Continued improvements in operational performance, cost discipline and strategic investment in opportunities will underpin this journey. Updates to our financial targets: ￮ Enhance shareholder distributions from 30–40% to 40–50% of cash flow from operating activities* through the cycle [A], continuing to prioritise share buybacks while maintaining the 4% a year progressive dividend policy [C]. ￮ Increase the structural cost reduction target from $2--3 billion by the end of 2025 to a cumulative $5–7 billion by the end of 2028, compared with 2022. ￮ Maintain capital discipline with cash capital expenditure range lowered to $20--22 billion a year for 2025--2028 from $22--25 billion a year for 2024--2025. ￮ Grow normalised free cash flow per share* on average by more than 10% a year through to 2030 [B]. Shell financial framework: a approach to capital allocation Balanced capital allocation Total distributions Enhanced shareholder distributions 40 – 50% of CFFO* through the cycle [A] Cash capital expenditure (cash capex) Disciplined investment $20–22 billion p.a. 2025--2028 Prioritising buybacks 17 consecutive quarters ≥$3 billion Dividend consistency +4% announced at Q4 2025 Integrated Gas and Upstream cash capex ~ $12--14 billion Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions cash capex ~ $8 billion Intrinsic value creation >10% p.a. (CAGR) normalised free cash flow per share growth, through to 2030* [B] Progressive dividend 4% annual increase [C] Capital reallocation ≥10% ROACE* across segments [D] Balance sheet Maintain strong investment grade rating through the cycle [A] [A] Measured across business cycles under varying economic and market conditions. [B] On a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. [C] Subject to Board approval. When the Board sets the level of shareholder distributions, it looks at a range of factors including the macro environment, underlying business earnings and Group cash flows, the current balance sheet, future investment, acquisition and divestment plans, and existing commitments. [D] return on average capital employed (ROACE) on an Adjusted Earnings plus interest basis. The statements in this "Our strategy" section are statements based on our operating plan, management's current expectations and certain material assumptions and, accordingly, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied herein. See "About this Report" on pages 11-12 and "Risk factors and risk management" on pages 23-32. * measure. See page 323. 22 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report Risk factors and risk management Risk factors The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect separately, or in combination, on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider these risks. Further background on each risk is set out in the relevant sections of this Report, indicated by way of cross references. 1. Portfolio risks Risk type: Strategic risk Operational risk Conduct and culture risk We are exposed to risks that could adversely affect the resilience of our overall portfolio of businesses. These include external risks such as macroeconomic risks, including fluctuating commodity prices, competitive forces and political, geopolitical, legal and fiscal developments. Our future performance depends on the successful development and deployment of new technologies that provide new products and solutions. In addition, our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of integrated projects and our ability to replace proved oil and gas reserves. Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint arrangements or with associates, which could reduce our degree of control and our ability to identify and manage risks. Risk description We are exposed to various external risks, such as macroeconomic, competitive and country risks, and internal risks associated with growing and maturing our business opportunities through our portfolio of businesses and joint arrangements, as follows: a. Macroeconomic risks: ￮ The prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products, chemicals and power are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues; natural disasters; pandemics; political instability; geopolitical tensions, including conflicts; macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and tariffs (such as those announced by the USA); actions by major oil and gas producing countries; and technological uncertainties. These have in the past resulted in, and similar events could in the future result in, material price fluctuations. Government decisions may affect the prices of energy products. These include price caps and tariffs, and policies which speed up or slow down the adoption of products and technologies. ￮ In a low oil and gas price environment, we have generated, and could in the future again generate, less revenue from our Integrated Gas and Upstream businesses, and parts of those businesses could become less profitable or incur losses. Low oil and gas prices have also resulted, and could result in the future, in the debooking of proved oil or gas reserves, if they become uneconomic in this type of price environment. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, or rising costs, have resulted, and could result in the future, in projects being delayed or cancelled. Assets have been impaired in the past, and there could be impairments in the future. Low oil and gas prices have affected, and could affect in the future, our ability to maintain our capital investment and shareholder distribution programmes. ￮ Under high oil and gas prices, our entitlement to proved reserves under some contracts has been, and could be in the future, reduced. Higher prices could also reduce demand for our products, which could result in lower profitability in certain businesses in the Group, particularly in our Chemicals and Products, and Marketing businesses. Some of the reduction in demand could be permanent. Higher prices can also lead to more capacity being built, potentially resulting in an oversupplied market which could negatively affect our businesses. ￮ We use a range of commodity price and margin assumptions to evaluate the robustness of our capital allocation across our different projects and commercial opportunities. Due to volatility in macroeconomic conditions, actual results have differed from our assumptions and may do so in the future. Such differences could result in returns being lower than planned. b. Competitive risks: ￮ We face competition in all our businesses, which is amplified by the energy transition and competing products. We seek to differentiate our services and products, though many of our products are competing in markets. Accordingly, a failure to manage our costs and our operational performance could result in a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. We also compete with hydrocarbon entities and utility entities with access to financial resources and local markets. Such entities could be motivated by political or other factors in making their business decisions and may not require competitive returns. Consequently, when bidding on new leases or projects, we could find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage or unable to obtain competitive returns. Furthermore, the mainstream arrival of generative AI has the ability to modify how companies improve efficiency and where they compete, potentially altering dynamics of our markets, affecting our competitive position. 23 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued c. Delivery of capital projects and our ability to replace proved oil and gas reserves: ￮ Shell's ability to deliver capital projects and sustain future production is subject to a range of risks. These include strategic, operational and external factors that may impact the performance, resilience and competitiveness of our investment portfolio. Challenges in developing capital projects, particularly integrated and frontier ventures, include uncertain geology, deep drilling conditions, supply chain constraints, the lack of available skilled labour and technology, the absence of transport infrastructure, permitting delays and cost overruns. These risks are compounded by geopolitical instability, inflationary pressures and evolving legal and regulatory landscapes. We may fail to assess or manage these and other risks properly. Such potential obstacles have adversely impacted, and could in the future adversely, impact our delivery of these projects, our ability to realise the full potential value of the project as assessed when the investment was approved, and our ability to fulfil related contractual commitments. This has led, and could in the future lead, to impairments of our investments. ￮ Our future oil and gas production depends on our access to new proved reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments and other owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, and through developing and applying new technologies and recovery processes to existing fields. A failure to replace proved reserves would result in an accelerated decrease of future production and would negatively impact our ability to sustain material liquids production as per our Capital Markets Day 2025 (CMD25). Oil and gas production available for sale Million boe [A] 2025 2024 2023 Shell subsidiaries 937 956 937 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 85 82 82 Total 1,022 1,038 1,019 [A] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. Proved developed and undeveloped oil and gas reserves [A][B] Million boe [C] Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Shell subsidiaries 6,587 8,156 8,283 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 1,536 1,464 1,504 Total 8,123 9,620 9,787 Attributable to interest of Shell subsidiaries 0 370 378 [A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves from subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates. [B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in operations. [C] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. ￮ The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual and economic information. Estimates can change over time because of new information from production or drilling activities, changes in economic factors, such as oil and gas prices, alterations in the regulatory policies of host governments or other events. Estimates also change to reflect acquisitions, divestments, new discoveries, extensions of existing fields and mines, and improved recovery techniques. Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates could also be subject to correction (as has happened to Shell in the past) because of errors in the application of rules and changes in regulatory guidance. Downward adjustments could indicate lower future production volumes and could also lead to impairment of assets. d. Country risks: ￮ We operate in countries which have differing degrees of political, legal and fiscal stability. Potential impacts, which we have experienced in the past and could experience in the future, include: forced divestment of assets; expropriation of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation of contract rights; delay of new projects; additional tariffs, including potential retaliatory tariffs; additional taxes, including windfall taxes (especially during periods of prolonged high oil and gas prices); restrictions on deductions and retroactive tax claims; antitrust claims; changes to trade compliance regulations; price controls; local content requirements; foreign exchange controls; changes to environmental regulations; changes to regulatory interpretations and enforcement; and changes to disclosure requirements. ￮ The world is also facing continued and protracted geopolitical instability which impacts market conditions and our operations. For example, the broader consequences of the ongoing conflicts and tensions in the Middle East remain uncertain and could negatively impact our operations in the region and beyond. ￮ In some countries, the security of our operations and/or our people has been affected in the past and is likely to be affected in the future by risks such as kidnapping and extortion; sabotage and crude theft; community activism; labour protests; military interventions; political instability; and inconsistent rule of law and due process. 24 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued e. Joint arrangements: ￮ When we are not the operator, we have less influence and control over the behaviour, performance and operating costs of joint arrangements or associates. Despite having less control, we have been, and still are, exposed to the risks associated with these operations, including environmental, reputational, legal (where joint and several liability could apply) and government sanction risks. For example, our partners or members of a joint arrangement or an associate (particularly local partners in developing countries) may be unable to meet their financial or other obligations for projects or operations, threatening the viability of a given project. Where we are the operator of a joint arrangement, the other partner(s) could still be able to veto or block certain decisions, which could be detrimental to the joint arrangement. f. Technology risks: ￮ Technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to help meet the world's energy demands competitively. If we fail to effectively develop and/or deploy new technology, products and solutions, there could be a material adverse effect on the delivery of our strategy. We operate in environments where advanced technologies are used. In developing new technologies, products and solutions, unknown or unforeseeable technological failures or environmental and health effects could harm our reputation and licence to operate or expose us to litigation or sanctions. The associated costs of new technology are sometimes underestimated, impacting their expected returns. We have faced delays in developing new technology in the past, and such delays could happen again in the future. If we are unable to develop our technology and products in a timely and manner, we may fail to realise commercially viable products. If any of the risks above materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Market overview" on pages 42-44, "Innovation and Technology" on pages 87-88, "Oil and gas information" on pages 61-68 and "Supplementary information - oil and gas (unaudited)" on pages 291-309. 2. Climate change and the energy transition Risk type: Strategic risk Operational risk Conduct and culture risk Climate change and the energy transition pose multiple risks to Shell, including declines in the demand for and prices of our products, commercial risks from growing our business, and adverse litigation and regulatory developments. The physical impacts of climate change could also adversely affect our assets and supply chains. Risk description The risks and impacts include the following: a. Commercial risks: ￮ Changing customer sentiment in some markets favouring the use of renewable and sustainable energy products may reduce demand for our oil and gas products. An excess of fossil fuel supply over demand could result in reduced fossil fuel prices. This could result in lower earnings, cancelled projects, debooking of reserves and the potential impairment of certain assets. ￮ If we fail to stay in step with customers' and other stakeholders' demand for products, this could adversely affect our reputation and future earnings. If we move much faster than society, we risk investing in technologies, markets or products for which there may be insufficient demand. If we are slower than society, or if technology advances faster than we expect, customers may prefer a different supplier. This would reduce demand for our products, adversely affecting our reputation and materially affecting our financial results. ￮ technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to help meet the world's energy demands competitively. If we are unable to develop the right technologies and products in a timely and manner, there could be an adverse effect on our future earnings. The operating margins for our products and services [A] have been, and could be in the future, lower than the margins we have experienced historically in our oil and gas operations. ￮ Certain investors have decided to divest their interest in fossil fuel companies and, if this were to increase significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on the price of our securities and our ability to access capital markets. Some financial institutions have been aligning their portfolios to opportunities, driven by both regulatory and broader stakeholder pressures. A failure to decarbonise our business portfolios in line with investor and lender expectations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access financing for certain types of projects. This could also adversely affect our partners' ability to finance their portion of costs, either through equity or debt. [A] Electric vehicle charging services, renewable power generation, solutions, green hydrogen, CCS. We define energy products as those that have an average carbon intensity that is lower than that of conventional hydrocarbon products, assessed on a basis. b. Societal risks, including litigation: ￮ Societal expectations around energy security, energy affordability and mitigating climate change continue to shift with uncertain implications for businesses with regard to mix and quality of products, safety and minimising damage to the environment. The role of the oil and gas sector in the context of climate change and the energy transition has been, and continues to be, an area of focus and public debate. This has negatively affected, and in the future could negatively affect, our licence to operate; our brand, reputation and competitive position; and could reduce consumer demand for our products, harm our ability to secure new energy partnerships and contracts, and restrict our ability to access capital markets or attract employees. ￮ In some countries, governments, regulators, organisations (NGOs) and individuals have filed lawsuits seeking to hold fossil fuel companies liable for costs associated with climate change. If successful, these claims may have consequences, including forcing entities to hand over strategic autonomy in part to regulators, or to divest from hydrocarbon assets and technologies. In the Netherlands, a group of environmental NGOs and individual claimants (referred to herein as "Milieudefensie") have filed an appeal with the Dutch Supreme Court against the Court of Appeal judgment of November 12, 2024, which overturned a lower court finding that Shell had an obligation to reduce certain aggregate annual volumes of CO 2 emissions by 2030. We have also been subjected to climate activism that has caused disruptions to our operations, and such disruptions could happen again in the future. Climate change lawsuits that have been filed against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. 25 Shell Form 20-F 2025 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued c. Regulatory risks: ￮ Divergence in regulatory direction has created, and continues to create, uncertainty and complexity for multinational companies operating globally. The renewed focus on the competitive agenda in the EU aims to simplify current and incoming climate regulations and disclosure requirements, with the USA moving towards deregulation at the federal level, even as some states adopt stricter rules. The lack of consistent government policy needed to provide a conducive regulatory environment for products and solutions could make it more challenging to take investment decisions on projects that we and society need to reach our respective decarbonisation goals as policy is critical for creating sustained demand for new solutions. Similarly, climate policy approaches that hamper or constrain market efficiency and competition could increase costs and make projects less attractive, challenging our ability to deliver our strategy. ￮ The transition to a economy continues to increase compliance costs for our assets and products. Shell's annual carbon cost exposure is expected to rise as carbon pricing expands globally and average prices increase, although there remains uncertainty in how carbon pricing mechanisms may be implemented in the future given the lack of global and national policies and frameworks. This makes it more challenging to determine appropriate assumptions for financial planning and investment decisions, which could impair our ability to assess the robustness of our plans. ￮ Rapid changes in government climate and energy transition related policies and regulations could also lead to impairments of our existing oil and gas assets. Governments may also introduce further restrictions on hydrocarbon exploration and production and impose stricter standards for decommissioning, which could affect timing and costs. d. Physical risks: ￮ The physical effects of climate change, such as, but not limited to, increases in temperature, sea levels and fluctuations in water availability, could also adversely affect our assets, operations, supply chains, employees and markets. In summary, continued climate change concerns about the pace at which we decarbonise our operations relative to society and effects of the energy transition pose multiple challenges to our business. These could result in, for example, increased costs, financial penalties, payments of financial damages in the event of losses of lawsuits, cancelled projects and potential impairment of certain assets, and adverse impacts on our supply chains and licence to operate. Individually or collectively, these risks could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financi

[truncated]