Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 223 Consolidated Balance Sheet 224 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 225 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 226 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 227 1. Basis of preparation 227 2. Material accounting policies, judgements and estimates 227 3. Changes to IFRS not yet adopted 237 4. Climate change and energy transition 237 5. Emission schemes and related environmental plans 250 6. Capital management 252 7. Segment information 252 8. Operating Revenues 257 9. Interest and other income 258 10. Interest expense 258 11. Goodwill and other Intangible assets 258 12. Property, plant and equipment 259 13. Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets 261 14. Joint ventures and associates 264 15. Investments in securities 265 16. Trade and other receivables 266 17. Inventories 266 18. Cash and cash equivalents 267 19. Assets held for sale 267 20. Trade and other payables 267 21. Debt 268 6 Shell Form 20-F 2024 22. Leases 270 23. Taxation 271 24. Retirement benefits 274 25. Decommissioning and other provisions 281 26. Financial instruments 282 27. Share capital 289 28. compensation plans and shares held in trust 289 29. Other reserves 290 30. Dividends 292 31. Earnings per share 292 32. Legal proceedings and other contingencies 292 33. Employees 295 34. Directors and Senior Management 295 35. Auditor's remuneration 296 36. sheet events 296 Supplementary information - oil and gas (unaudited) 297 Supplementary information - EU Taxonomy disclosure 317 Shareholder information 331 Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 disclosure 336 measures reconciliations 337 Index to the exhibits 338 Signatures 339 Financial calendar 347 7 Shell Form 20-F 2024 CROSS REFERENCE TO FORM 20-F Part I Pages Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers N/A Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable N/A Item 3. Key Information A. [Reserved] B. Capitalization and indebtedness N/A C. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds N/A D. Risk factors 25-32 Item 4. Information on the Company A. History and development of the company 12-28, 39-79, 114-138, 291-309 B. Business overview 13-32, 35-36, 48-92, 124-148, 297-316 C. Organizational structure 18, Exhibit 8.1 D. Property, plants and equipment 25-32, 38-40, 48-92, 124-128, 137-141, 297-316 Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments N/A Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects A. Operating results 25-32, 35-44, 48-92, 282-294 B. Liquidity and capital resources 38-44, 48-49, 55-56, 72-73, 77-78, 85-86, 89-90, 227-237, 252, 258-271 C. Research and development, patents and licences, etc. 13, 92, 107, 223, 228, 253-255 D. Trend information 23-32, 35-63, 72-88, 93-148 E. Critical Accounting Estimates N/A Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees A. Directors and senior management 149-156, 211-213 B. Compensation 180-183, 185-207, 295 C. Board practices 33-34, 149-199, 208-218 D. Employees 130-134, 295 E. Share ownership 134, 156, 193, 210, 289-290, 331 F. Disclosure of a registrant's action to recover erroneously awarded compensation N/A Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions A. Major shareholders 332 B. Related party transactions 209, 264, 295 C. Interests of experts and counsel N/A Item 8. Financial Information A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information 24, 43-44, 219-296 B. Significant Changes 296 Item 9. The Offer and Listing A. Offer and listing details 331 B. Plan of distribution N/A C. Markets 331 D. Selling shareholders N/A E. Dilution N/A F. Expenses of the issue N/A Item 10. Additional Information A. Share capital N/A B. Memorandum and articles of association 211-218 C. Material contracts N/A D. Exchange controls 333 E. Taxation 333-335 8 Shell Form 20-F 2024 F. Dividends and paying agents N/A G. Statement by experts N/A H. Documents on display 12 I. Subsidiary Information N/A J. Annual Report to Security Holders See Form 6-K, furnished March 25, 2025 Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41, 234-236, 265, 282-288 Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities A. Debt Securities Exhibit 2.6 B. Warrants and Rights N/A C. Other Securities N/A D. American Depositary Shares 331-333, Exhibit 2.6 Part II Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies N/A Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds N/A Item 15. Controls and Procedures 208, 222 Item 16. [Reserved] Item 16A. Audit committee financial expert 169 Item 16B. Code of Ethics 210 Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 179 Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 210-211 Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 43-44, 208 Item 16F. Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant N/A Item 16G. Corporate Governance 210-218 Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure N/A Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections N/A Item 16J. Insider trading policies 210, Exhibits 11.1 and 11.2 Item 16K. Cybersecurity 30, 91-92 Part III Item 17. Financial Statements N/A Item 18. Financial Statements 219-296 Item 19. Exhibits 345 9 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Terms and abbreviations Currencies $ US dollar € euro £ sterling Units of measurement acre approximately 0.004 square kilometres b(/d) barrels (per day) bbl barrel boe(/d) barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel GJ gigajoule GW gigawatt kboe(/d) thousand barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel kWh mb/d million barrels per day megajoule a unit of energy equal to one million joules MMBtu million British thermal units mtpa million tonnes per annum MW megawatt MWh Nm3 normal cubic metre per day volumes are converted into a daily basis using a calendar year scf(/d) standard cubic feet (per day) TWh Products GTL LNG liquefied natural gas LPG liquefied petroleum gas NGL natural gas liquids Miscellaneous Act UK Companies Act 2006 ADS American Depositary Share AGM Annual General Meeting API American Petroleum Institute APM Alternative performance measure ARC Audit and Risk Committee CCS carbon capture and storage CCS earnings earnings on a current cost of supplies basis CFFO cash flow from operating activities CISO Chief Information Security Officer CMD Capital Markets Day CMF carbon management framework CO 2 carbon dioxide CO 2 e carbon dioxide equivalent CRC Carbon Reporting Committee CRT Commercial Road Transport CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive DE&I Diversity, equity, and inclusion EC Executive Committee EMTN Euro note EPS earnings per share EPSA exploration and production sharing agreement EPTB Environmental Products Trading Business ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards ETS24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024 EV Electric vehicle FCF free cash flow FID final investment decision GAAP generally accepted accounting principles GHG greenhouse gas HSSE health, safety, security and environment IAS International Accounting Standards IEA International Energy Agency IFRS International Financial Reporting Standard(s) IOGP International Association of Oil & Gas Producers IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Ipieca International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association IRM Information Risk Management ISO International Organisation for Standardisation ISSB International Sustainability Standards Board KPI Key performance indicator LGBT+ Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender LTIP Incentive Plan NBS Solutions NCI net carbon intensity NGO organisation NOMCO Nomination and Succession Committee NZE Net zero emissions OECD Organisation for Economic and Development OFCF organic free cash flow OGCI Oil and Gas Climate Initiative OML oil mining lease OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ 12 members of the OPEC and 11 other members OPL oil prospecting licence PSC contract PSP Performance Share Plan QRA Quarterly Results Announcement R&D Research and development REMCO Remuneration Committee RNG Renewable natural gas RT real terms SEAM Safety, Environment and Asset Management SEC US Securities and Exchange Commission SGBP Shell General Business Principles SIAI Shell Internal Audit and Investigations SP social performance SUSCO Sustainability Committee TCFD Task Force on Financial Disclosures TSR total shareholder return WACC weighted average cost of capital WTI West Texas Intermediate Indicates information that supports TCFD disclosure 10 Shell Form 20-F 2024 About this Report This Form 20-F as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2024 (this "Report") presents the Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Shell") (pages 223-296). Except for these Financial Statements, the numbers presented throughout this Report may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures due to rounding. to Form 20-F are set out on pages 8-9 of this Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc and its subsidiaries contained in this Report have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 (the "Act"), and therefore in accordance with international accounting standards. As applied to Shell, there are no material differences from International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB); therefore, the Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. IFRS as defined above includes interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee. Financial reporting terms used in this Report are in accordance with IFRS. This Report contains certain measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell, such as oil and gas prices, interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc's consolidated financial statements. The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this report "Shell", "Shell Group" and "Group" are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words "we", "us" and "our" are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. "Subsidiaries", "Shell subsidiaries" and "Shell companies" as used in this report refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms "joint venture", "joint operations", "joint arrangements", and "associates" may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term "Shell interest" is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all interest. As used in this Report, "Accountable" is intended to mean: required or expected to justify actions or decisions. The Accountable person does not necessarily implement the action or decision (implementation is usually carried out by the person who is Responsible) but must organise the implementation and verify that the action has been carried out as required. This includes obtaining requisite assurance from Shell companies that the framework is operating effectively. "Responsible" is intended to mean: required or expected to implement actions or decisions. Each Shell company and venture is responsible for its operational performance and compliance with the Shell General Business Principles, Code of Conduct, Statement on Risk Management and Risk Manual, and Standards and Manuals. This includes responsibility for the operationalisation and implementation of Shell Group strategies and policies. Shell's "net carbon intensity" referred to in this Report includes Shell's carbon emissions from the production of our energy products, our suppliers' carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production, and our customers' carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell's NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Shell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell's "net carbon intensity" or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries. Shell's operating plan and outlook are forecasted for a three year period and 10-year period, respectively, and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next three and ten years. Accordingly, the outlook reflects our Scope 1, Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next 10 years. However, Shell's operating plan and outlook cannot reflect our 2050 emissions target, as this target is outside our planning period. Such future operating plans and outlooks could include changes to our portfolio, efficiency improvements and the use of carbon capture and storage and carbon credits. In the future, as society moves towards emissions, we expect Shell's operating plans and outlooks to reflect this movement. However, if society is not net zero in 2050, as of today, there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target. Except where indicated, the figures shown in the tables in this Report are in respect of subsidiaries only, without deduction of any interest. However, the term "Shell share" is used for convenience to refer to the volumes of hydrocarbons that are produced, processed or sold through subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. All of a subsidiary's production, processing or sales volumes (including the share of joint operations) are included in the Shell share, even if Shell owns less than 100% of the subsidiary. In the case of joint ventures and associates, however, figures are limited only to Shell's entitlement. In all cases, royalty payments in kind are deducted from the Shell share. Except where indicated, the figures shown in this Report are stated in US dollars. As used herein all references to "dollars" or "$" are to the US currency. This Report contains statements (within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, statements. statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as "aim", "ambition", "anticipate", "aspire", "aspiration", "believe", "commit", "commitment", "could", "desire", "estimate", "expect", "goals", "intend", "may", "milestones", "objectives", "outlook", "plan", "probably", "project", "risks", "schedule", "seek", "should", "target", "vision", "will", "would" and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements included in this Report, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell's products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks, including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of 11 Shell Form 20-F 2024 About this Report continued the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, regional conflicts, such as the war and the conflict in the Middle East, and a significant cyber security, data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. Also see "Risk factors and risk management" on page 25-34 for additional risks and further discussion. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All statements contained in this Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on statements. Each statement speaks only as of the date of this Report. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the statements contained in this Report. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. This Report contains references to Shell's website, the Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Transition Lobbying Report and our report on Payments to Governments. These references are for the readers' convenience only. Shell is not incorporating by reference into this Report any information posted on shell.com or in the Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Transition Lobbying Report or our report on Payments to Governments. The content of any other websites referred to in this Report does not form part of this Report. With effect from January 29, 2022, Shell's A shares and B shares were assimilated into a single line of ordinary shares. Shell's A and B American Depositary Shares (ADSs) were assimilated into a single line of ADSs on the same date. This Report continues to refer to A shares, B shares, A ADSs and B ADSs when describing the position prior to January 29, 2022. Shell V-Power and Shell LiveWire are Shell trademarks. Documents on display The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. All of the SEC filings made electronically by Shell are available to the public on the SEC website at sec.gov (commission file number 001-32575). This Report is also available, free of charge, at shell.com/investors/ / or at the offices of Shell in London, United Kingdom and The Hague, the Netherlands. Copies of this Report also may be obtained, free of charge, by mail. 12 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report Chair's message In 2024, we continued to do what Shell does best, connecting energy and people. In total, we served around 33 million customers at retail sites every day, and around 1 million business customers across more than 70 countries. We used the power of our people, brand, technology and trading network to provide our customers with the oil and gas they need today. At the same time, we increasingly helped them to make choices, from biofuels to charging for electric vehicles. In this second year under our Chief Executive Officer, Wael Sawan, Shell went from strength to strength. We improved Shell's operational performance, and made good progress against the financial and climate targets and ambition we set out at our Capital Markets Day in 2023 and in our Energy Transition Strategy 2024. We demonstrated that our strategy to deliver more value with less emissions is producing strong results, and compelling shareholder returns. By the beginning of 2025, we had announced $3 billion or more in buybacks for 13 consecutive quarters. New projects Shell has pioneered ways to provide energy for more than a century. As the energy system and energy mix keep evolving, we will continue to provide the energy people need through the complex transition to energy. We will help to keep the world moving with oil and gas, while developing the alternatives our customers need to decarbonise. To that end, we have built on our leadership positions in [A] Based on a average 2016–2020 for Brent Charlie emissions, and the highest expected emissions for Penguins. liquefied natural gas (LNG) and oil and gas production with some important new projects. We announced a final investment decision for Manatee, an undeveloped gas field in Trinidad and Tobago, which will have a key role in providing gas to the country's Atlantic LNG facility. Our Whale platform in the Gulf of America started production in January 2025. At its peak, we expect that Whale will produce around 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, enough to fuel the daily journeys of 2.7 million cars in the USA. It will operate with 30% lower carbon intensity over its life cycle than Vito, another US platform. In February 2025, our Penguins facility started production in the North Sea. It will produce mostly oil but also enough gas to heat around 700,000 UK homes a year, with around 30% lower operational emissions than its predecessor, Brent Charlie [A]. Less emissions We kept our focus on reducing emissions as we worked to become a emissions energy business by 2050. In 2024, we achieved our target to reduce the net carbon intensity of the products we sell, compared with 2016. We achieved this mainly by reducing sales of oil products and growing power sales. By the end of 2024, we had achieved 60% of our target to halve Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our operations by 2030, compared with 2016 levels. We continued to transform our business. In January 2024, we announced the decision to stop processing crude oil into petrol, jet fuel and diesel at the Wesseling site of our Energy and Chemicals Park Rheinland, Germany, and to produce premium oils instead. In April 2024, we opened our bioLNG liquefaction plant in Germany, which can produce enough bioLNG to fuel around 5,000 LNG trucks a year. Technology and innovation Innovation remains vital for a successful transition to energy. In 2024, we spent around $500 million on projects that contributed to decarbonisation, almost half of our total spending on research and development. In December, I saw some of that work for myself when I visited the Energy Transition Campus Amsterdam in the Netherlands. I was especially excited to see how our research is building on Shell's leadership in (GTL) technology, something we pioneered almost half a century ago. Today, the Pearl GTL plant in Qatar uses natural gas to produce an alternative fuel to conventional diesel for transport, as well as oils and lubricants. We have also used GTL technology to develop immersion cooling fluids for data centres. These fluids reduce costs, energy consumption and emissions compared with conventional cooling. This will be increasingly important as the growth in artificial intelligence leads to greater use of data centres. Now our scientists in Amsterdam are researching how to use that same GTL technology to produce sustainable aviation fuel made from renewable power and captured carbon on a commercial scale. In another exciting development for the energy transition, they are also 13 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Chair's message continued looking at how to produce synthetic methane, made from renewable hydrogen and captured carbon, to decarbonise the production of LNG. We are creating the business case for other pioneering solutions, such as carbon capture and storage, which will be critical for the energy transition. In 2024, we took a final investment decision for two projects in Canada that will capture and store carbon from our Shell Energy and Chemicals Park Scotford in Alberta. These build on the success of our Quest CCS project in Canada which has captured more than 9 million tonnes of CO₂ since 2015. The Northern Lights joint venture with Equinor and TotalEnergies in Norway is developing the world's first project to offer commercial carbon transport and storage as a service. The first CO 2 shipments are expected in 2025. Unique capabilities Our strengths go way beyond production. Through our integrated portfolio, we can buy and blend energy products to meet our customers' needs. We can use our unique capabilities, including trading, to connect energy to our customers through the energy transition. For example, we became one of the world's largest traders and suppliers of sustainable aviation fuel in 2024. We achieved this because of our agreements with producers, the strength of our customer relationships, and strategic investments in logistics around key terminals and airports. In 2024, we continued to build an organisation with an outstanding brand, as well as outstanding people, and trading, technology and innovation capabilities. Today, we sell nearly three times the energy products that we produce, meeting our customers' demand for oil and gas and products through our integrated model. Working together We believe that the energy transition will be achieved by governments, companies like Shell, and customers all working together. Governments need to put in place effective policies to progress the energy transition, and energy producers need to help develop the solutions of the future. The transition also requires demand from customers who are willing to pay for energy. We are playing our part. I am confident that Shell can continue to bring its deep experience to help advance the energy transition. In 2024, we demonstrated that you can still be sure of Shell. As a customer, you can be sure that Shell will provide you with the right products and solutions today and through the energy transition. And as an investor you can be sure that this is the right management team with the right strategy, setting Shell up for success in the years to come. Sir Andrew Mackenzie Chair 1. The Whale platform started production in January 2025. 2. The Northern Lights joint venture in Norway is developing the world's first project to deliver commercial carbon transport and storage as a service. 3. The Penguins facility in the North Sea will produce enough gas to heat around 700,000 UK homes a year. 14 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report Chief Executive Officer's review 2024 at a glance 1.5 90.0 Serious injury, illness and fatality frequency ( ) in ventures Tier 1 and Tier 2 process safety incidents (2023: 63.0) (2023: 2.6) $16.5 billion $23.7 billion Income for the period Adjusted Earnings* (2023: $19.6) (2023: $28.3) $54.7 billion $39.5 billion Cash flow from operating activities (2023: $54.2) Free cash flow* (2023: $36.5) $19.6 billion $21.1 billion Capital expenditure Cash capital expenditure (2023: $23.0) (2023: $24.4) $13.9 billion $8.7 billion Share buyback programme Dividends paid (2023: $14.6) (2023: $8.4) 58 million tonnes 71 gCO 2 e/MJ Scope 1 and 2 emissions CO 2 e Net carbon intensity (NCI) (2023: 57) (2023: 72) Key performance indicators (see pages 35-36). * measure (see page 337). In 2024, the world experienced continued geopolitical volatility. The war entered its third year and conflict escalated in the Middle East, bringing personal tragedy to many. It was a time of political change, with elections in more than 60 countries. Energy security and affordability rose higher on political agendas, even as the share of renewable energy grew. This came into sharp focus during Europe's winter of 2024. Wind and solar power reached record levels in the region, while liquefied natural gas (LNG) played a critical role in keeping homes and businesses running when there was not enough wind or sunlight. With global demand for energy increasing, coupled with the challenge of climate change, Shell continues to focus on its strategy to deliver more value with less emissions. We believe the world needs to maintain secure and affordable energy supplies while moving to energy. In 2024, my second year as Chief Executive Officer, I am proud of the progress we have made in putting our strategy into action. I want to thank everyone at Shell for their contribution. We are growing shareholder returns, while working to reduce emissions from our operations and products. We are positioning Shell to win through the energy transition on our journey to become a emissions energy business by 2050. Integrated energy company Our strategy aims to grow our LNG business, which provides flexibility alongside renewable energy, and a alternative to coal. We expect that supplying LNG will be the biggest contribution we will make to the energy transition over the next decade, as we help to build the energy system of the future. Building on our deep knowledge and strong partnerships, we are also responsibly producing the oil that will be needed for decades to come, with a focus on cost and carbon competitiveness. We intend to be the most energy marketer and trader in the world, providing people with the energy they need to power their lives and businesses. We are developing commercial models for solutions, such as biofuels. My vision is for Shell to become the world's leading integrated energy company, delivering impact at scale, connecting energy and people, matching supply to demand. We have set out to transform Shell into a more focused and more competitive energy business, and I am pleased to say that in 2024, we moved forward at pace in that direction. Following our principles of performance, discipline and simplification, we have made good progress against the targets and ambition we presented at our Capital Markets Day in 2023 and in our Energy Transition Strategy 2024. 15 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Chief Executive Officer's review continued More value In 2024, we achieved our target to reduce structural costs* by $2-3 billion by the end of 2025, against 2022, one year ahead of time. We continued to make disciplined investments, and difficult choices, such as pausing construction of our biofuels plant in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, to assess the most commercial way forward. We are building a strong track record of performance. Shell reported the cash flow from operations in our history in 2024, outperforming our target for free cash flow growth. By the end of the year, we had delivered at the top end of our target to distribute 30-40% of cash flow from operations to our shareholders*, mainly through buybacks. Our Prelude floating LNG facility off the coast of Australia had record production in 2024, as did our QGC natural gas business in Queensland, Australia, boosting our operational performance. We added major new projects. We took a final investment decision on Bonga North, off the coast of Nigeria, which is expected to start up by the end of the decade and reach peak production of 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. Our US platform Whale started production in January 2025, with estimated peak production of 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. Our agreement to acquire Pavilion Energy in Singapore further strengthened our LNG portfolio with more sales and flexibility. I also signed an agreement in Abu Dhabi to invest in the Ruwais LNG project [A], which is designed to operate with lower carbon intensity than traditional LNG plants. LNG Canada is expected to start producing in the middle of 2025, the largest energy investment in Canada's history. Another example of our transformation is the sale of Shell Pakistan, which is helping us to achieve our aim to divest around 500 retail sites every year until 2025. Less emissions In 2024, we worked hard towards our climate goals. We abated more than 1 million tonnes of CO 2 from our operations through projects such as reduced flaring and the use of renewable electricity. This allowed us to keep our Scope 1 and 2 emissions roughly flat compared with 2023, despite increased oil and gas production and asset utilisation. By the end of 2024, we had achieved 60% of the reduction required to meet our 2030 Scope 1 and 2 target. Shell remains a leader in reducing emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas that can be released during oil, gas and LNG production. By the end of 2024, we had reduced total methane emissions from assets under our operational control by 76% compared with 2016. Total routine flaring from our upstream oil and gas assets remained stable in 2024, and, as of January 1, 2025, we no longer routinely flare from these assets. [A] Subject to completion. * measure (see page 337). When it comes to our sales, we achieved our target to reduce the net carbon intensity of the energy products we sell with a 9% reduction compared with 2016, moving us closer to our target of a 15-20% reduction by 2030 compared with 2016 levels. By the end of 2024, we had installed more than 70,000 public charge points for electric vehicles, a year ahead of schedule. I am encouraged by the progress we are making in carbon capture and storage, with plans for two linked projects in Canada. In Norway, our Northern Lights joint venture is ready to offer commercial carbon transport and storage as a service. I saw for myself another exciting initiative, our first megawatt charger for electric trucks and ships in Amsterdam. Beyond our operations, 2024 was an important year because the Court of Appeal of The Hague dismissed Milieudefensie's claim against Shell. I believe the decision was the right one for the energy transition and our company. On February 11, 2025, Milieudefensie announced that it was taking its case to the Netherlands' Supreme Court. I am confident in the strength of our position. Shell people The safety of everyone at Shell remains our top priority. I am deeply saddened by the deaths of four people working for Shell in 2024 and early 2025. These tragic incidents took place in India, Malaysia, the Netherlands and Nigeria. My heart goes out to the families and friends of these four people. We must continue to protect everyone working for Shell, and we will learn from these and other incidents. Shell's success depends on our people. I experienced the dynamism and diversity of our teams when I visited our operations in Brazil, China, India, Kuwait, Oman, Poland, Qatar, and the USA. I was impressed by how they are embracing the principles of performance, discipline and simplification in their everyday work. I also spent Safety Day with our team at the Shell Polymers Monaca chemical plant in the USA. Once again, I had the opportunity to witness how far we have advanced our safety culture and processes in recent years. Investment case and partner of choice I am convinced that we are the best positioned energy company to navigate the energy transition because of our people, our connections to customers, and our portfolio of assets. We are building on these strengths by transforming Shell. We are becoming a more focused and competitive business, so that we are the investment case and partner of choice through the energy transition. We had another strong year in 2024, and we have more to do. I am confident that our strategy, executed with conviction and determination, is working. We are on the path to becoming the world's leading integrated energy company. Wael Sawan Chief Executive Officer 16 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy This is Shell Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies, employing around 96,000 people [A] across more than 70 countries. We have activities ranging from oil and gas exploration and production to the marketing of fuels and lubricants, and research and development. We are increasingly offering our customers energy solutions. For more than a century, Shell has connected people and energy. We provide the energy people need to fuel their homes, hospitals, schools, vehicles, machinery and factories. Our purpose is to power progress together, by working with each other, our customers and our partners. Our vision [B] is to be the world's leading integrated energy company -- delivering impact at scale, connecting energy and people, matching supply to demand. Shell's strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions as we work to become a emissions business by 2050. As we navigate the energy transition through the next decade, we will leverage our global footprint, the trust in our brand, and our innovation and technology capabilities to be the energy company that customers and countries choose to be their partner. Our people and values Whether they work on our platforms and pipelines, or in our offices and research labs, people are key to our success. They collectively determine our culture and we expect them to behave according to our values: honesty, integrity and respect for people. We expect everyone at Shell to also comply with relevant laws and regulations to help us conduct business in an ethical and transparent manner. We firmly believe in the fundamental importance of trust, openness, teamwork and professionalism. The Board assesses and monitors our culture and how it is embedded in our attitudes and behaviours, including in our activities and stakeholder relationships. To realise our vision, we are transforming Shell to become a more focused and competitive business. Our extraordinary community of talent will approach the next decade of the energy transition with courage and determination. We expect Shell's people to care about each other, our work, and about doing business the right way with a focus on safety, people and sustainability. The Shell General Business Principles set out our responsibilities to all our stakeholders. As part of these principles, we commit to contribute to sustainable development, and we have embedded this commitment into our strategy, our processes and . This requires balancing short- and interests, integrating economic, environmental and social considerations into business . As we implement our strategy, we will also maintain our relentless focus on achieving our Goal Zero ambition: to do no harm to people and to have no leaks across operations. The Shell Code of Conduct explains how employees, contractors and anyone else acting on behalf of Shell must behave. Strong relationships We seek to build strong, trusted relationships with all our stakeholders, including our approximately 1 million commercial and industrial customers, and the around 33 million people we serve daily at our retail stations. Our stakeholders include: our employees, contractors and pensioners; the investor community; customers; our suppliers and strategic partners; regulators and governments; organisations, civil society, academia and think tanks; and the communities where we work. [A] At December 31, 2024, and including portfolio companies. [B] A vision statement defines the desired future state of a company rather than a series of firm, binding commitments. Our core values Our guiding principles Honesty Integrity Respect for people Performance Discipline Simplification We encourage our employees and business partners to speak up and celebrate those who do the right thing. We empower our employees and business partners to make the right decisions. We embrace diversity, equality and inclusivity. We maintain a relentless focus on improving operational and financial performance. We allocate shareholders' capital with discipline and make clear choices about where we can create value. We streamline the way we do things, removing complexity, and manage the portfolio to support disciplined capital allocation. Our Goal Zero ambition We aim to do no harm to people and to have no leaks across our operations. We call this our Goal Zero ambition. Everyone working for Shell strives to achieve Goal Zero each day. 17 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | This is Shell continued Our business directorates in 2024 Reporting segments Integrated Gas and Upstream Integrated Gas explores for and extracts natural gas which we then process to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG) or convert into (GTL) products. Our activities include the operation of the upstream and midstream infrastructure that is needed to deliver gas and gas products to the market. We earn revenues from the trading and optimisation, marketing and distribution of LNG, GTL and natural gas. See pages 48-54 for a review of our performance. Upstream explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Shell has activities in deep water and conventional oil and gas. The business also operates the infrastructure necessary to transport the oil and gas to the market or to process it in our integrated energy and chemicals parks. See pages 55-63 for a review of our performance. Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions Marketing supplies fuels and lubricants, for transport, manufacturing, mining, power generation, agriculture and construction. Shell is also a major blender and trader of biofuels. Shell Mobility operates our retail network, including electric vehicle charging and convenience retail. See pages 72-76 for a review of our performance. Chemicals and Products includes manufacturing plants and refineries which we are repurposing into energy and chemicals parks. We turn crude oil and other feedstocks into products for households, industry and transport. The segment also includes the pipeline business, trading and optimisation of crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals, and oil sands activities. See pages 77-84 for a review of our performance. Renewables and Energy Solutions generates, markets and trades power from wind, solar and pipeline gas. The business also includes hydrogen production and marketing, commercial carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs, carbon credits and solutions to avoid or reduce carbon emissions. See pages 85-88 for a review of our performance. What sets us apart expertise We have almost five decades of expertise and continue to develop innovative designs for oil and gas assets, replicating successful projects to deliver more value with less emissions. Our business has a track record of sustained cash flow. Integrated gas and LNG capability We have a LNG business with a sizeable portfolio, a global network of customers, extensive shipping and storage assets, and access to regasification plants. Our diversified and global portfolio of plants and terminals enhances our resilience to market shocks and allows us to capitalise on price volatility. Technology and innovation Shell has a long history in technology and innovation. We have a global network of R&D centres and work closely with our customers, suppliers and partners. We also collaborate with some of the world's leading technology companies to deploy digital solutions at scale across our business. Integrated business model – trading and optimisation Shell produces energy and is also one of the world's largest and most experienced energy traders and suppliers. We can identify and meet a customer's needs quickly. Our value chains are enhanced by purchases from third parties, and we have a leading global position in energy markets. 18 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy Our strategy Our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions. Our vision [A] is to be the world's leading integrated energy company and our strategy is to deliver more value with less emissions. We are positioning Shell to become the investment case and partner of choice through the energy transition. More value We are committed to enhancing value for our investors through disciplined investments, enhanced shareholder distributions and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our focus remains on providing secure and reliable products, both now and throughout the energy transition, to meet the evolving needs of our customers. At Capital Markets Day 2023 (CMD23), we outlined our specific targets, and the progress we have made against these targets can be found on shell.com. Less emissions We are committed to becoming a emissions energy business by 2050. We have set climate targets and an ambition, outlined in our Energy Transition Strategy 2024 (ETS24), to help us reach net zero. ETS24 was approved by 78% of shareholders who voted at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) in May. Progress against our climate targets and ambition is presented on page 121. Shell aims to lead in the energy transition where we have competitive strengths, see strong customer demand, and identify clear regulatory support from governments. We will continue to provide our customers with the energy and other products they need, and we will provide this affordably and reliably, while also increasingly offering them energy solutions to help them decarbonise their activities. Moving forward In 2024, we delivered our strategy against the four themes of generating shareholder value, achieving emissions, respecting nature and powering lives. These themes are presented on pages 21-22. Like all businesses, we will continue to adapt how we implement our strategy as the world evolves. This adaptability is crucial for navigating the dynamic energy landscape enabling success. Capital Markets Day on March 25, 2025, presents an update to our financial targets for investors. See pages 23-24. [A] A vision statement defines the desired future state of a company rather than a series of firm, binding commitments. Photo: Staff at Shell QGC's training centre in Chinchilla, Queensland, Australia. We will deliver more value with less emissions by: ￮ Growing our integrated gas and LNG business ￮ Sustaining liquids production ￮ Focusing Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions. Growing our integrated gas and LNG business We are investing in our gas production and growing our LNG business to deliver the secure energy the world needs. LNG is a critical fuel for the energy transition because it is a alternative to coal in power generation and can be easily transported to where it is needed. Sustaining liquids production We aim to sustain liquids production of at least 1.4 million barrels a day through to 2030 with increasingly lower carbon intensity. We are focusing our exploration activities in locations where hydrocarbons have already been discovered. Focusing Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions : We are expanding our premium marketing businesses while streamlining our portfolio with a focus on value over volume. We will build on the options we have invested in for growth through the energy transition. Our global customer reach and our supply and trading capabilities position us well to deliver the solutions people and businesses need. 19 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Our strategy continued We are seeking to change the mix of energy products we sell to our customers as their needs for energy change. We believe we can make the greatest contribution to the energy transition by helping to enable our customers to switch to energy products and services. This is reflected in Shell's strategy to build a portfolio that seeks to: ￮ develop low- and alternatives to traditional fuel, including biofuels, and other low- and gases; ￮ provide more renewable power solutions to customers in select markets; ￮ work with customers across different sectors to help them decarbonise their use of energy, for example by substituting the use of coal with LNG; and ￮ address any remaining emissions from conventional fuels with solutions such as CCS and carbon credits. As we implement our strategy, we will continue to focus on performance, discipline and simplification. This applies not only to our financial and operational outcomes, but also to safety and sustainability. Our Goal Zero ambition is fundamental to the success of our company. See "Safety" on page 137. We believe that no business can succeed without an unwavering commitment to respecting the environment and the communities within which it works. At Shell, we seek to protect the environment, increase our reuse and recycling, make a positive contribution to biodiversity and use water and other resources efficiently. We also work to make a positive impact on people around the world, and power lives through our products and activities, and by supporting an inclusive society. See "Respecting nature" on page 124 and "Powering lives" on page 129. 20 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Our strategy continued Generating shareholder value We aim to generate more value for shareholders through disciplined capital allocation, strong financial performance and by maintaining a strong balance sheet. We seek to provide enhanced shareholder distributions through our progressive dividend policy and share buyback programmes. 2024 performance ￮ Total shareholder distributions* were $23 billion, comprising $9 billion in cash dividends and $14 billion in share buybacks. ￮ Total shareholder distributions* were 41% of cash flow from operating activities. ￮ Cash flow from operating activities was $55 billion. ￮ Cash capital expenditure was $21 billion. ￮ Total debt was reduced to $77 billion and net debt* was $39 billion as of December 31, 2024. Net debt excluding leases* was $10 billion. ￮ Structural cost reductions* were $3.1 billion from a 2022 baseline and against a $2-3 billion target by the end of 2025. ￮ The annual dividend was $1.390 per share, and the quarterly dividend increased to $0.358 per share for the fourth quarter. Progress on our business targets can be found on Shell.com As we implement our strategy, we will work to: ￮ Enhance shareholder distributions from 30-40% to 40-50% of cash flow from operating activities* through the cycle. ￮ Increase the structural cost reduction* target from $2-3 billion by the end of 2025 to a cumulative $5-7 billion by end of 2028, compared to 2022. ￮ Invest for growth while maintaining capital discipline,with spend of cash capital expenditure lowered to $20-22 billion per year from 2025-2028. ￮ Grow normalised free cash flow per share* on average by more than 10% per year through to 2030. * measure (see page 337). Achieving emissions We have a target to become a emissions energy business by 2050 and will work with customers to help them decarbonise. We are transforming our business, including selling more products and services. We are working with our customers and others to help accelerate the energy transition. We advocate policies, legislation and regulation that will generate demand for investment in a energy system. 2024 performance ￮ Scope 1 and 2 emissions were down by 30% compared with the 2016 reference year [A]. ￮ Methane emissions intensity of 0.04% continued to be below our 0.2% target. ￮ Net carbon intensity (NCI) decreased by 9.0% compared with the 2016 reference year and was within the 2024 target range. ￮ Routine flaring from upstream operations remained stable at 0.1 million tonnes and, with effect from January 1, 2025, Shell no longer carries out any routine flaring at its upstream operations. ￮ Customer emissions from the use of our oil products (Scope 3, Category 11) were reduced by 5% in 2024 to a total of 14% compared with 2021 [B]. As we implement our strategy, we will work to: ￮ Achieve emissions by 2050 (Scope 1, 2 and 3). ￮ Reduce by 50% Scope 1 and 2 absolute emissions from activities under operational control by 2030, compared with 2016 levels on a net basis. ￮ Achieve methane emissions intensity by 2030. ￮ Reduce net carbon intensity by 15-20% by 2030, compared with the 2016 reference year. ￮ Reduce customer emissions from the use of our oil products by 15-20% by 2030, Scope 3, Category 11 [B], compared with the 2021 reference year. Progress against our emissions targets can be found in "Our journey to net zero" on page 121. [A] Reduced from 83 million tonnes of CO 2 e in 2016 to 58 million tonnes of CO 2 e in 2024. [B] Customer emissions from the use of our oil products (Scope 3, Category 11) were 517 million tonnes CO 2 e in 2023 and 569 million tonnes CO 2 e in 2021. 21 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Our strategy continued Powering lives We power lives through our products and activities, and by supporting an inclusive society. We provide vital energy for homes, businesses and transport. We also aim to create a desirable workplace that is accepting and inclusive and representative of the communities we are a part of. Additionally, our activities generate revenues for governments through the taxes and royalties we pay, and the taxes we collect on their behalf. 2024 performance ￮ In 2024, we spent around $42 billion on goods and services* from suppliers around the world. Total spend on capital expenditure was $ 20 billion. ￮ In 2024, taxes paid* were $18 billion. Corporate income tax paid was $12 bi llion. ￮ In 2024, representation of women in Senior Leadership [A] grew to 33%. ￮ As of December 31, 2024, 15% of Shell's Senior Management [B] identifies as being from an ethnic minority group. ￮ Our 2024 Shell People Survey showed a result of 81 points out of 100 for all questions relating to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). As we implement our strategy, we will work to: ￮ Collaborate with suppliers that behave in an economically, environmentally and socially responsible manner. ￮ Be a good neighbour through strong community engagement, managing negative impacts from our activities and seeking to enhance positive impacts [C]. ￮ Respect human rights as set out in the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights. ￮ Continue to achieve 15% ethnic minority group representation in Senior Management [B] by 2027. ￮ Have at least one Board member from an ethnic minority background. ￮ Increase representation of women in senior leadership positions to 40% by 2030. ￮ Achieve gender balance on the Board, with at least one senior Board position held by a woman. [A] Senior Leadership is a Shell measure based on compensation grade levels. This measure is distinct from "senior manager" as per statutory disclosure requirements. See "Our people" on page 132 [B] As per the latest Parker Review recommendations, Senior Management refers to Senior Leadership based in the UK and is a Shell measure based on compensation grade levels [C] See Powering Lives for examples of how we seek to be a good neighbour. * measure (see page 337). Respecting nature We seek to protect the environment, increase our reuse and recycling, make a positive contribution to biodiversity and use water and other resources efficiently. Our businesses use natural resources such as land and water for their operations. Our activities can impact nature through discharges and emissions to the environment, and through changes to the use of land and water. We assess and manage the impact of our operations on local ecosystems and communities. 2024 performance ￮ We continued to embed respect for nature into our activities, standards and business processes, including by ensuring that these are reflected in our Safety, Environment and Asset Management (SEAM) Standards. ￮ In partnership with Monash University, we are executing an ecological restoration programme on Browse Island, Australia, to eradicate invasive alien species, improve reef health and promote the return of breeding seabirds. ￮ At the Pearl GTL facility in Qatar, we diverted waste to local cement kilns for use as clinker in cement production, thereby reducing use of raw materials and the amount of waste sent to landfill. As we implement our strategy, we will work to: ￮ Achieve deforestation from new activities by replanting forests, while maintaining biodiversity and conservation value. ￮ Achieve a net positive impact on biodiversity, based on reference year 2021, for new projects in critical habitats. ￮ Better understand the types of waste we generate and identify options to increase circular approaches. ￮ Implement water stewardship principles across our businesses, including the sustainable management of resources, particularly in areas. 22 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy Outlook Capital Markets Day on March 25, 2025, presents an update to our financial targets for investors. Our vision [A] is to be the world's leading integrated energy company. Shell is transforming to become simpler, more resilient and competitive. We want to become the world's leading integrated gas and LNG business and the most energy marketer and trader, while sustaining a material level of liquids production. We are building on the significant progress we have made in executing our strategy to deliver more value with less emissions. As we do this, we will maintain our focus on performance, discipline and simplification. We aim to grow returns for shareholders, while reducing our emissions and helping our customers reduce theirs. To successfully implement our strategy, we will take a approach through a financial framework which enhances shareholder distributions, and maintains discipline in capital allocation and a balance sheet with a strong investment grade rating. Financial discipline and strategic focus We will maintain our focus on performance, cost and capital discipline, investing in areas of competitive strength to maximise returns. Updates to our financial targets: ￮ Enhance shareholder distributions from 30--40% to 40--50% of cash flow from operations* through the cycle, continuing to prioritise share buybacks while maintaining the 4% a year progressive dividend policy [B]. ￮ Increase the structural cost reduction* target from $2--3 billion by the end of 2025 to a cumulative $5--7 billion by the end of 2028, compared with 2022. ￮ Invest for growth while maintaining capital discipline with cash capital expenditure lowered to $20--22 billion a year for 2025--2028 compared with $21 billion in 2024. ￮ Grow normalised free cash flow per share* on average by more than 10% a year through to 2030. [A] A vision statement defines the desired future state of a company rather than a series of firm, binding commitments. Shell financial framework: Capital Markets Day 2025 Balanced capital allocation Total distributions Enhanced shareholder distributions 40 - 50% of CFFO* through the cycle Cash capital expenditure (cash capex) Disciplined investment $20 - 22 billion p.a. 2025-2028 Prioritising buybacks 13 consecutive quarters >$3 billion Dividend consistency +4% announced at Q4'24 Integrated Gas and Upstream cash capex ~ $12-14 billion Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions cash capex ~ $8 billion Intrinsic value creation >10% p.a. normalised free cash flow growth per share* through to 2030 Progressive dividend 4% annual increase [B] Capital reallocation ≥10% ROACE* across all segments [C] Balance sheet Maintain strong investment grade rating [B] Subject to Board approval as well as shareholder approval at the 2025 Annual General Meeting. [C] Price normalised ROACE on an Adjusted Earnings plus interest basis. * measure (see page 337). 23 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Shell's strategy | Outlook continued The Board intends to enhance shareholder distributions through a combination of dividends and share buybacks, maintaining a 4% progressive dividend policy. When the Board sets the level of shareholder distributions, it looks at a range of factors including the macro environment, underlying business earnings and Group cash flows, the current balance sheet, future investment, acquisition and divestment plans, and existing commitments. Growth and resilience through the energy transition Shell believes the world is facing a complex, energy transition in which there will be growing demand for secure, affordable and, increasingly, energy. In liquefied natural gas (LNG), we will reinforce our leadership position by growing sales 4--5% a year through to 2030. We will also grow production across our combined Upstream and Integrated Gas business by 1% a year to 2030, sustaining our 1.4 million barrels a day of liquids production with increasingly lower carbon intensity. And, we will drive cash flow resilience and higher returns in Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions by: ￮ Pursuing focused growth in our Mobility and Lubricants businesses. ￮ Leveraging competitive strengths to drive profitable and scalable businesses across our platforms [A] where we expect to have up to 10% of capital employed by 2030. ￮ Unlocking more value from our strong portfolio of Chemicals assets. This will be done by exploring strategic and partnership opportunities in the USA and through and selective closures in Europe. We believe this will enable the business to prosper while improving returns and reducing capital employed by 2030. [A] Shell's platforms include fuels, carbon capture and storage, and hydrogen, as well as power which includes renewable generation and gas fired power. Shell will continue to deliver more value with less emissions, growing in areas where we have competitive strengths. We believe we are providing a compelling investment case for our shareholders, now, and into the future. Performance culture and commitment We will continue to embed a performance culture, empowering our people with greater ownership and faster , helping to ensure safe and responsible operations. Shell is committed to delivering on our promises, transforming to become more resilient and competitive, and driving growth and value creation through disciplined execution of our strategy. We are confident in our ability to navigate the energy transition and deliver enhanced returns for our shareholders. Photo: Shell employees and contractors on the Vito platform in Ingleside, Texas, USA. 24 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report Risk factors and risk management Risk factors The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect separately, or in combination, on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider these risks. Further background on each risk is set out in the relevant sections of this Report, indicated by way of cross references. 1. Portfolio risks Risk type: Strategic risk Operational risk Conduct and culture risk We are exposed to risks that could adversely affect the resilience of our overall portfolio of businesses. These include external risks such as macroeconomic risks, including fluctuating commodity prices and competitive forces. Our future performance depends on the successful development and deployment of new technologies that provide new products and solutions. In addition, our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of integrated projects and our ability to replace proved oil and gas reserves. Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint arrangements or with associates. This could reduce our degree of control and our ability to identify and manage risks. Risk description We are exposed to various external risks, such as macroeconomic and competitive risks, and internal risks associated with growing and maturing our business opportunities through our portfolio of businesses and joint arrangements, as follows: Macroeconomic risks: ￮ The prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals can be volatile and are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues; natural disasters; pandemics; political instability; conflicts, such as the war and the conflict in the Middle East; economic conditions, including inflation; and actions by major oil and gas producing countries. These have in the past resulted in, and similar events could in the future result in, material price fluctuations. In addition, macroeconomic, geopolitical and technological uncertainties have affected, and could affect in the future, production costs and demand for our products. Government actions may affect the prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals. These include price caps on gas, tariffs, the promotion of electric vehicle sales or the of future sales of new diesel or petrol vehicles. Oil and gas prices have moved independently of each other and could do so in the future. Under high oil and gas prices, our entitlement to proved reserves under some contracts has been, and could be in the future, reduced. Higher prices could also reduce demand for our products which could result in lower profitability in certain businesses in the Group, particularly in our Chemicals and Products, and Marketing businesses. Some of the reduction in demand could be permanent. Higher prices can also lead to more capacity being built, potentially resulting in an oversupplied market which would negatively affect our businesses. In the past, a high oil and gas price environment has generally led to sharp increases in costs and this could happen in the future. ￮ In a low oil and gas price environment, we have generated, and could in the future again generate, less revenue from our Upstream and Integrated Gas businesses, and parts of those businesses could become less profitable or incur losses. Low oil and gas prices have also resulted, and could result in the future, in the debooking of proved oil or gas reserves, if they become uneconomic in this type of price environment. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, or rising costs, have resulted, and could result in the future, in projects being delayed or cancelled. Assets have been impaired in the past, and there could be impairments in the future. Low oil and gas prices have affected, and could affect in the future, our ability to maintain our capital investment and shareholder distribution programmes. ￮ We use a range of commodity price and margin assumptions to evaluate the robustness of our capital allocation across our different projects and commercial opportunities. Due to volatility in macroeconomic conditions, our assumptions have proven to be incorrect in the past, yielding returns that are less than what we planned, and could prove incorrect in the future. 25 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued Competitive risks: ￮ We face competition in all our businesses. We seek to differentiate our services and products, though many of our products are competing in markets. Accordingly, a failure to manage our costs and our operational performance could result in a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. We also compete with hydrocarbon entities and utility entities with access to financial resources and local markets. Such entities could be motivated by political or other factors in making their business decisions and may not require competitive returns. Accordingly, when bidding on new leases or projects, we could find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage or unable to obtain competitive returns. Technology risks: ￮ Technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to help meet the world's energy demands competitively. If we fail to effectively develop and/or deploy new technology, products and solutions, there could be a material adverse effect on the delivery of our strategy. We operate in environments where advanced technologies are used. In developing new technologies, products and solutions, unknown or unforeseeable technological failures or environmental and health effects could harm our reputation and licence to operate or expose us to litigation or sanctions. The associated costs of new technology are sometimes underestimated. We have faced delays in developing new technology in the past, and such delays could happen again in the future. If we are unable to develop our technology and products in a timely and manner, we may fail to realise commercially viable products. Delivery of capital projects and our ability to replace proved oil and gas reserves: ￮ We face numerous challenges in developing capital projects, especially those which are integrated. Challenges include: uncertain geology; frontier conditions; drilling at significant depths, the existence and availability of necessary technology and engineering resources; supply chain constraints; the availability of skilled labour; the existence of transport infrastructure; the expiration of licences; project delays, including delays in obtaining required permits; potential cost overruns; and technical, fiscal, regulatory, political and other conditions. We may fail to assess or manage these and other risks properly. Such potential obstacles have impaired, and could in the future impair, our delivery of these projects, our ability to realise the full potential value of the project as assessed when the investment was approved, and our ability to fulfil related contractual commitments. This has led, and could in the future lead, to impairments. ￮ Our future oil and gas production depends on our access to new proved reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments and other owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, and through developing and applying new technologies and recovery processes to existing fields. A failure to replace proved reserves would result in an accelerated decrease of future production. Oil and gas production available for sale Million boe [A] 2024 2023 2022 Shell subsidiaries 956 937 938 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 82 82 108 Total 1,038 1,019 1,046 [A] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. Proved developed and undeveloped oil and gas reserves [A][B] Million boe [C] Dec 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Shell subsidiaries 8,156 8,283 8,317 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 1,464 1,504 1,261 Total [D] [E] [F] 9,620 9,787 9,578 Attributable to interest of Shell subsidiaries 370 378 365 [A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves from subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates. [B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in operations. [C] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. [D] On March 13, 2025, Shell completed the sale of its Nigerian onshore subsidiary The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) which holds a 30% interest in the SPDC JV to Renaissance. As of December 31, 2024, Shell had proved reserves of 453 million boe in SPDC. [E] Pursuant to Shell's 2017 agreement with Canadian Natural Resources Limited, its remaining mining interest and associated synthetic crude oil reserves will be swapped for an additional 10% interest in the Scotford Upgrader and Quest CCS project. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals. The associated proved reserves as of December 31, 2024 were 741 million barrels (of which 50% attributable to interest). [F] On December 5, 2024, Shell and Equinor ASA, announced the combination of their UK offshore oil and gas assets and expertise to form a new company which will be the UK North Sea's biggest independent producer. On deal completion, the new independent producer will be jointly owned by Equinor (50%) and Shell (50%) and 157 million boe (as of December 31, 2024) of Shell's proved reserves will be contributed to the new joint venture alongside proved reserves contributed by Equinor. Subsequently, Shell will report 50% of the proved reserves of the new joint venture as part of Shell's share of proved reserves from joint ventures and associates. ￮ The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual and economic information. Estimates can change over time because of new information from production or drilling activities, changes in economic factors, such as oil and gas prices, alterations in the regulatory policies of host governments, or other events. Estimates also change to reflect acquisitions, divestments, new discoveries, extensions of existing fields and mines, and improved recovery techniques. Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates could also be subject to correction because of errors in the application of rules and changes in regulatory guidance. Downward adjustments could indicate lower future production volumes and could also lead to impairment of assets. 26 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued Joint arrangements: ￮ When we are not the operator, we have less influence and control over the behaviour, performance and operating costs of joint arrangements or associates. Despite having less control, we could still be exposed to the risks associated with these operations, including environmental, reputational, legal (where joint and several liability could apply) and government sanction risks. For example, our partners or members of a joint arrangement or an associate (particularly local partners in developing countries) may be unable to meet their financial or other obligations to projects, threatening the viability of a given project. Where we are the operator of a joint arrangement, the other partner(s) could still be able to veto or block certain decisions, which could be detrimental to the joint arrangement. If any of the risks above materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Market overview" on pages 45-47, "Other central activities" on pages 91-92, "Oil and gas information" on pages 64-71 and "Supplementary information - oil and gas (unaudited)" on pages 297-316. 2. Climate change and the energy transition Risk type: Strategic risk Operational risk Conduct and culture risk Rising concerns about climate change and the effects of the energy transition pose multiple risks to Shell, including declines in the demand for and prices of our products, commercial risks from growing our business, and adverse litigation and regulatory developments. The physical impacts of climate change could also adversely affect our assets and supply chains. Risk description Societal demand for urgent action on climate change has increased, especially since the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C in 2018 effectively made the more ambitious goal of the Paris Agreement to limit the rise in global average temperature this century to 1.5°C the default target for the parties to the agreement. Society's increasing focus on climate change and drive for an energy transition is contributing to a rapidly changing risk environment and a wide range of stakeholder actions against our organisation. The risks and impacts include the following: Commercial risks: ￮ Changing customer sentiment favouring the use of renewable and sustainable energy products may reduce demand for our oil and gas products. An excess of fossil fuel supply over demand could in the future result in reduced fossil fuel prices. This could result in lower earnings, cancelled projects and the potential impairment of certain assets. ￮ If we fail to stay in step with the pace and extent of change or customers' and other stakeholders' demand for products, this could adversely affect our reputation and future earnings. If we move much faster than society, we risk investing in technologies, markets or products for which there may be insufficient demand. Therefore, we cannot transition too quickly, or we may offer products that customers do not want. If we are slower than society, customers may prefer a different supplier, which would reduce demand for our products adversely affecting our reputation and materially affect our financial results. ￮ technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to help meet the world's energy demands competitively. If we are unable to develop the right technologies and products in a timely and manner, there could be an adverse effect on our future earnings. The operating margins for our products and services have been, and could be in the future, lower than the margins we have experienced historically in our oil and gas operations. ￮ Certain investors have decided to divest their interest in fossil fuel companies and, if this were in to increase significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on the price of our securities and our ability to access capital markets. Some financial institutions have been aligning their portfolios to and opportunities, driven by both regulatory and broader stakeholder pressures. A failure to decarbonise our business portfolios in line with investor and lender expectations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access financing for certain types of projects. This could also adversely affect our partners' ability to finance their portion of costs, either through equity or debt. Regulatory risks: ￮ The transition to a economy has increased, and is likely to continue to increase the cost of compliance for our assets and/or products. Shell's annual carbon cost exposure is expected to increase over the next decade because of evolving carbon regulations. Governments may set regulatory frameworks in the future that could further restrict our exploration and production of hydrocarbons and introduce controls to limit the use of such products, which could also affect the timing and standards associated with the decommissioning of our exploration assets. ￮ The lack of global and national policies and frameworks increases the uncertainty around how carbon pricing and other regulatory mechanisms will be implemented in the future. This makes it harder to determine the appropriate assumptions to be taken into account in our financial planning and investment decision processes which could impair our ability to evaluate the robustness of our plans and opportunities. Changing policies and regulations could also lead to impairments of our existing oil and gas assets. 27 Shell Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report | Risk factors and risk management continued Societal risks, including litigation: ￮ In some countries, governments, regulators, organisations 

[truncated]