Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 217 Consolidated Balance Sheet 218 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 219 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 220 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 221 1. Basis of preparation 221 2. Material accounting policies, judgements and estimates 221 3. Changes to IFRS not yet adopted 231 4. Climate change and energy transition 231 5. Emission schemes and related environmental plans 244 6. Capital management 246 7. Segment information 246 8. Interest and other income 251 9. Interest expense 251 10. Goodwill and other Intangible assets 252 11. Property, plant and equipment 253 12. Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets 255 13. Joint ventures and associates 258 14. Investments in securities 259 15. Trade and other receivables 260 16. Inventories 260 17. Cash and cash equivalents 261 18. Assets held for sale 261 19. Trade and other payables 261 20. Debt 262 21. Leases 264 5 Shell Form 20-F 2023 22. Taxation 266 23. Retirement benefits 268 24. Decommissioning and other provisions 275 25. Financial instruments 276 26. Share capital 282 27. compensation plans and shares held in trust 283 28. Other reserves 284 29. Dividends 286 30. Earnings per share 286 31. Legal proceedings and other contingencies 286 32. Employees 289 33. Directors and Senior Management 289 34. Auditor's remuneration 290 35. sheet events 290 Supplementary information - oil and gas (unaudited) 291 Supplementary information - EU Taxonomy disclosure 310 Shareholder information 324 Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 disclosure 328 measures reconciliations 329 Index to the exhibits 330 Signatures 331 Financial calendar 337 6 Shell Form 20-F 2023 CROSS REFERENCE TO FORM 20-F Part I Pages Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers N/A Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable N/A Item 3. Key Information A. [Reserved] B. Capitalization and indebtedness N/A C. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds N/A D. Risk factors 17-26 Item 4. Information on the Company A. History and development of the company 11-16, 30-35, 39-52, 61-79, 324, 328-334 B. Business overview 12-28, 39-79, 114-138, 291-309 C. Organizational structure 12, Exhibit 8.1 D. Property, plants and equipment 17-26, 30-31, 39-79, 114-121, 130-138, 291-309 Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments N/A Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects A. Operating results 17-35, 39-79, 276-282 B. Liquidity and capital resources 30-35, 40-41, 46, 62, 67-68, 74, 78, 221-231, 246, 252-265 C. Research and development, patents and licences, etc. 79, 95, 217, 222 D. Trend information 16-52, 61-76, 80-138 E. Critical Accounting Estimates N/A Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees A. Directors and senior management 139-147, 205-207 B. Compensation 174-177, 179- 193, 200-201, 289 C. Board practices 139-193, 202-212 D. Employees 126-130, 289 E. Share ownership 130, 148, 187, 204, 282-283, 325 F. Disclosure of a registrant's action to recover erroneously awarded compensation N/A Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions A. Major shareholders 325 B. Related party transactions 203, 266, 258, 289 C. Interests of experts and counsel N/A Item 8. Financial Information A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information 33-35, 213-290 B. Significant Changes 290 Item 9. The Offer and Listing A. Offer and listing details 324 B. Plan of distribution N/A C. Markets 324 D. Selling shareholders N/A E. Dilution N/A F. Expenses of the issue N/A Item 10. Additional Information A. Share capital N/A B. Memorandum and articles of association 205-212 C. Material contracts N/A D. Exchange controls 326 E. Taxation 326-327 7 Shell Form 20-F 2023 F. Dividends and paying agents N/A G. Statement by experts N/A H. Documents on display 11 I. Subsidiary Information N/A J. Annual Report to Security Holders See Form 6-K, furnished March 14, 2024 Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32, 228-230, 259, 276-282 Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities A. Debt Securities Exhibit 2.6 B. Warrants and Rights N/A C. Other Securities N/A D. American Depositary Shares 324-326, Exhibit 2.6 Part II Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies N/A Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds N/A Item 15. Controls and Procedures 202, 216 Item 16. [Reserved] Item 16A. Audit committee financial expert 164 Item 16B. Code of Ethics 204 Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 173 Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 204-205 Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 34-35, 202 Item 16F. Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant N/A Item 16G. Corporate Governance 204-212 Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure N/A Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections N/A Item 16J. Insider trading policies N/A Item 16K. Cybersecurity 22, 79 Part III Item 17. Financial Statements N/A Item 18. Financial Statements 213-290 Item 19. Exhibits 335 8 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Terms and abbreviations Currencies $ US dollar € euro £ sterling Units of measurement acre approximately 0.004 square kilometres b(/d) barrels (per day) bbl barrel boe(/d) barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel GJ gigajoule GW gigawatt kboe(/d) thousand barrels of oil equivalent (per day); natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel kWh mb/d million barrels per day megajoule a unit of energy equal to one million joules MMBtu million British thermal units mtpa million tonnes per annum MW megawatt MWh megawatt hours Nm3 normal cubic metre per day volumes are converted into a daily basis using a calendar year scf(/d) standard cubic feet (per day) TWh terawatt hours Products GTL LNG liquefied natural gas LPG liquefied petroleum gas NGL natural gas liquids Miscellaneous Act UK Companies Act 2006 ADS American Depositary Share AGM Annual General Meeting API American Petroleum Institute APM Alternative performance measure ARC Audit and Risk Committee CCS carbon capture and storage CCS earnings earnings on a current cost of supplies basis CFFO cash flow from operating activities CISO Chief Information Security Officer CMD Capital Markets Day CMF carbon management framework CO 2 carbon dioxide CO 2 e carbon dioxide equivalent COP28 28 th meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Climate Change Conferences CRC Carbon Reporting Committee CRT Commercial Road Transport CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive DE&I Diversity, equity, and inclusion EC Executive Committee EMTN Euro note EPS earnings per share EPSA exploration and production sharing agreement EPTB Environmental Products Trading Business ETS24 Energy Transition Strategy 2024 EV Electric vehicle FCF free cash flow FID final investment decision GAAP generally accepted accounting principles GHG greenhouse gas HSSE health, safety, security and environment IAS International Accounting Standards IEA International Energy Agency IFRS International Financial Reporting Standard(s) IOGP International Association of Oil & Gas Producers IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change IPIECA International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association IRM Information Risk Management ISO International Organisation for Standardisation KPI Key performance indicator LGBT+ Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender LTIP Incentive Plan NBS Solutions NCF Net Carbon Footprint NCI net carbon intensity NGO organisation NOMCO Nomination and Succession Committee NZE Net zero emissions OECD Organisation for Economic and Development OFCF organic free cash flow OGCI Oil and gas climate initiative OML oil mining lease OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ 12 members of the OPEC and 11 other members OPL oil prospecting licence PSC contract PSP Performance Share Plan QRA Quarterly Results Announcement R&D Research and development REMCO Remuneration Committee RNG Renewable natural gas RT real terms SEAM Safety, Environment and Asset Management SEC US Securities and Exchange Commission SGBP Shell General Business Principles SIAI Shell Internal Audit and Investigations SP social performance SUSCO Sustainability Committee TCFD Task Force on Financial Disclosures TRCF total recordable case frequency TSR total shareholder return WACC weighted average cost of capital WTI West Texas Intermediate 9 Shell Form 20-F 2023 About this Report This Form 20-F as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2023 (this "Report") presents the Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Shell") (pages 217-290). Except for these Financial Statements, the numbers presented throughout this Report may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures due to rounding. to Form 20-F are set out on pages 7-8 of this Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Shell plc and its subsidiaries contained in this Report have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 (the "Act"), and therefore in accordance with international accounting standards. As applied to Shell, there are no material differences from International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB); therefore, the Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. IFRS as defined above includes interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee. Financial reporting terms used in this Report are in accordance with IFRS. This Report contains certain measures such as cash capital expenditure. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell, such as oil and gas prices, interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc's consolidated financial statements. The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this report "Shell", "Shell Group" and "Group" are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words "we", "us" and "our" are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. "Subsidiaries", "Shell subsidiaries" and "Shell companies" as used in this report refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The term "joint venture", "joint operations", "joint arrangements", and "associates" may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term "Shell interest" is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all interest. As used in this Report, "Accountable" is intended to mean: required or expected to justify actions or decisions. The Accountable person does not necessarily implement the action or decision (implementation is usually carried out by the person who is Responsible) but must organise the implementation and verify that the action has been carried out as required. This includes obtaining requisite assurance from Shell companies that the framework is operating effectively. "Responsible" is intended to mean: required or expected to implement actions or decisions. Each Shell company and venture is responsible for its operational performance and compliance with the Shell General Business Principles, Code of Conduct, Statement on Risk Management and Risk Manual, and Standards and Manuals. This includes responsibility for the operationalisation and implementation of Shell Group strategies and policies. Shell's "net carbon intensity" referred to in this Report includes Shell's carbon emissions from the production of our energy products, our suppliers' carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production, and our customers' carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term "Net Carbon Intensity" is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries. Shell's operating plan, outlook and budgets are forecasted for a 10-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly, they reflect our Scope 1, Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next 10 years. However, Shell's operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 emissions target, as this target is currently outside our planning period. In the future, as society moves towards emissions, we expect Shell's operating plans to reflect this movement. However, if society is not net zero in 2050 as of today, there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target. Except where indicated, the figures shown in the tables in this Report are in respect of subsidiaries only, without deduction of any interest. However, the term "Shell share" is used for convenience to refer to the volumes of hydrocarbons that are produced, processed or sold through subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. All of a subsidiary's production, processing or sales volumes (including the share of joint operations) are included in the Shell share, even if Shell owns less than 100% of the subsidiary. In the case of joint ventures and associates, however, figures are limited only to Shell's entitlement. In all cases, royalty payments in kind are deducted from the Shell share. Except where indicated, the figures shown in this Report are stated in US dollars. As used herein all references to "dollars" or "$" are to the US currency. This Report contains statements (within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, statements. statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as "aim", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "goals", "intend", "may", "milestones", "objectives", "outlook", "plan", "probably", "project", "risks", "schedule", "seek", "should", "target", "will" and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements included in this Report, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell's products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, such as the (coronavirus) outbreak, regional conflicts, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and a significant cyber security breach; and (n) changes in trading conditions. Also see "Risk factors" on pages 17-26 for additional risks and further discussion. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All statements contained in this Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary 10 Shell Form 20-F 2023 About this Report continued statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on statements. Each statement speaks only as of the date of this Report. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the statements contained in this Report. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. This Report contains references to Shell's website, the Shell Sustainability Report, Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Lobbying Report 2023 and our report on Payments to Governments. These references are for the readers' convenience only. Shell is not incorporating by reference into this Report any information posted on shell.com or in the Shell Sustainability Report, Shell Energy Transition Strategy 2024 Report, Tax Contribution Report, Shell Climate and Energy Lobbying Report or our report on Payments to Governments. The content of any other websites referred to in this Report does not form part of this Report. With effect from January 29, 2022, Shell's A shares and B shares were assimilated into a single line of ordinary shares. Shell's A and B American Depositary Shares (ADSs) were assimilated into a single line of ADSs on the same date. This Report continues to refer to A shares, B shares, A ADSs and B ADSs when describing the position prior to January 29, 2022. Shell V-Power and Shell LiveWire are Shell trademarks. Documents on display The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. All of the SEC filings made electronically by Shell are available to the public on the SEC website at sec.gov (commission file number 001-32575). This Report is also available, free of charge, at shell.com/investors/ / or at the offices of Shell in London, United Kingdom and The Hague, the Netherlands. Copies of this Report also may be obtained, free of charge, by mail. 11 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy Who we are Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies, employing around 103,000 people [A] and with operations in more than 70 countries. We seek to provide the world with the energy it needs today, while helping it build a sustainable energy future. Our competitive advantages are built upon our large and diverse portfolio, people who have outstanding talent, strong technological capability and deep customer reach, which we are leveraging to help enable a balanced energy transition. Shell's stakeholders include our customers, investors, employees and contractors, pensioners, our strategic partners and suppliers, the communities where we work, civil society, academia and think tanks, governments and regulators. We expect our employees and contractors to maintain our focus on safety and abide by our core values of honesty, integrity and respect for people. [A] At December 31, 2023. Our operating businesses Integrated Gas and Upstream Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions Integrated Gas and Upstream (IGU) explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. It delivers hydrocarbon products from conventional oil and gas operations, exploration and production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) activities, and converts natural gas into (GTL) fuels and other products. The marketing, trading and optimisation of LNG are included in IGU. IGU provides the secure energy customers need and we aim to do this with lower emissions. Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions (R&ES) provides products and services to more than 1 million business customers. It includes Chemicals and Products, and Marketing, which includes Mobility — a business that serves around 33 million retail customers a day at more than 47,000 service stations. Marketing also includes Lubricants, and Sectors and Decarbonisation activities. Downstream and R&ES, underpinned by Trading and Supply, aims to meet the evolving energy needs of our customers. Reporting segments Reporting segments Integrated Gas | Upstream Marketing | Chemicals and Products | Renewables and Energy Solutions Innovation Technological innovation is integral to our pursuit of more and cleaner energy solutions as we work towards becoming a emissions energy business by 2050. Projects & Technology (P&T) manages major projects, driving innovation, while delivering technical services to our businesses. P&T provides essential functional leadership across Shell, addressing safety and environment, contracting and procurement, and greenhouse gas emissions management. Our research and development activities also encompass safety, performance products, and automation and artificial intelligence. 12 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy Our strategy Our Powering Progress strategy is to generate more value for our shareholders, customers and wider society as we work to become a emissions energy business by 2050. Our purpose -- to provide more and cleaner energy solutions – drives our strategy. Our strategy is built upon: generating shareholder value, achieving emissions, powering lives and respecting nature. At our Capital Markets Day in June 2023, we announced how we will put our strategy into action with a relentless focus on performance, discipline and simplification as we aim to deliver more value with less emissions. We are building on our strengths in Integrated Gas, Upstream and Marketing. We will invest around $40 billion in leading Integrated Gas and advantaged Upstream assets over 2023-2025. This will help drive significant and resilient cash delivery, while helping to provide energy security. Over the same period, investment in Downstream and Renewables and Energy Solutions will be around $35 billion, of which $10-15 billion will be in energy solutions, as we help to enable the energy transition. Achieving net zero The Paris Agreement aims to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by "holding the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C above levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above levels". Shell supports the Paris Agreement goal to limit the rise in global average temperature this century to 1.5°C above levels. To achieve this, urgent action is needed to reduce emissions across all sectors. We are working to become a emissions energy business. This means carbon emissions from our operations. It also means carbon emissions from the energy products we sell (including those produced by others), which currently account for over 90% of the total emissions we report. We support a balanced energy transition where the world maintains a secure and affordable supply of energy, while building the clean energy system of the future. We want to play our part in the energy transition, purposefully and profitably. We aim to partner with our customers, suppliers and governments to help decarbonise the energy system. Our integrated assets and supply chains are designed to provide a secure supply of energy for our customers, while also delivering low- and alternatives. 13 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy Our strategy continued Generating shareholder value We aim to generate more value for shareholders through disciplined capital allocation and a focus on performance. We aim to generate more value for shareholders through disciplined capital allocation and a focus on delivering strong performance. We seek to provide enhanced distributions through our progressive dividend policy and share buyback programmes, which together target shareholder distributions* of 30-40% of cash flow from operations through the cycle. In 2023, total shareholder distributions* amounted to $23 billion, comprising $8 billion in cash dividends and $15 billion in share buybacks, and we generated $54 billion in cash flow from operating activities. This resulted in total shareholder distributions*of 42% of cash flow from operating activities*, around the upper end of our target range. Our capital expenditure was $23 billion and our cash capital expenditure* was $24 billion. We reduced our total debt to $82 billion and our net debt* to $44 billion as of December 31, 2023. We aim to grow our free cash flow* by more than 6% per year through 2030 and grow free cash flow per share* by 10% per year through 2025. In 2023, we increased our dividend to $0.344 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023. We are focusing on operational, financial and carbon performance, while maintaining our balance sheet strength. We take a disciplined approach to our portfolio and capital spending, aiming to invest where we have an enduring competitive advantage. In 2023, we announced capital expenditure targets of $22-25 billion per year in 2024 and 2025 and targeted structural cost reductions* of $2-3 billion by . By the end of 2023, we had made $1 billion in structural cost reductions*. * measure (see page 329). Achieving emissions We aim to become a emissions energy business by 2050 and will work with customers to help them decarbonise. We have a target to become a emissions energy business by 2050, purposefully and profitably. Our target covers emissions from our operations (Scope 1), emissions from the energy we buy to run our operations (Scope 2) and emissions from our customers' use of the energy products we sell (Scope 3). We have a target to halve Scope 1 and 2 absolute emissions from assets and activities under our operational control by 2030, compared with 2016 levels on a net basis. By the end of 2023 we had reduced our absolute emissions by 31% [A]. Our energy transition update includes an ambition to reduce customer emissions from the use of our oil products by 15-20% by 2030, compared with 2021 (Scope 3, Category 11) [B]. Our net carbon intensity reduction targets are: 9-12% by 2024, 9-13% by 2025, 15-20% by 2030, 100% by 2050 compared with a 2016 baseline. We place a high priority on combatting methane emissions. Our target is to maintain methane emissions intensity below 0.2% for operated oil and gas assets (including liquefied natural gas) and to reach methane emissions by 2030. In 2023, we achieved this with methane emissions intensity at 0.05%. We have a target to end routine flaring from upstream operations by 2025, subject to the completion of the sale of The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) [C]. We are transforming our business and selling more products and services, and will work with our customers across sectors to accelerate the energy transition. We engage with governments and other stakeholders, including international organisations and industry associations, and participate in global events, such as COP28. Through this engagement we seek to support robust policies, legislation and regulations designed to generate the demand for investment in the energy system. [A] Reduced from 83 million tonnes of CO 2 e in 2016 to 57 million tonnes of CO 2 e in 2023. [B] Customer emissions from the use of our oil products (Scope 3, Category 11) were 517 million tonnes CO 2 e in 2023 and 569 million tonnes CO 2 e in 2021. [C] In January 2024, Shell announced an agreement to sell SPDC. Completion of the transaction is subject to approvals by the Nigerian government and other conditions. 14 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy Our strategy continued Powering lives We work to power lives through our products and activities, and by supporting an inclusive society. We seek to make a positive impact on the lives of people around the world. We help to power lives and livelihoods by providing vital energy for homes, businesses, and transport. We support livelihoods by providing employment and training in the communities where we operate, and buying goods and services from local suppliers, contributing to a more inclusive economy. In 2023, we spent around $49 billion on goods and services from suppliers*around the world. Our activities generate revenues for governments through the taxes and royalties we pay, and the taxes we collect on their behalf. In 2023, taxes paid and collected* were $67 billion. This helps governments fund health care, education and other essential services. Around 760 million people [A] in the world have no electricity and over half the world population has insufficient energy to lead a good life [B]. We deliver energy commercially, by investing in businesses that supply energy access in emerging markets; and socially, by investing funds, expertise and resources in access to energy programmes. Shell aims to become one of the most diverse and inclusive organisations in the world. Our focus is on gender; race and ethnicity; lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+); and disability. In 2023, representation of women in senior leadership [C] grew to 32%. Our 2023 Shell People Survey showed a result of 83 points out of 100 for all questions relating to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). This suggests that overall our people feel ours is a workplace in which they belong, feel safe and respected, and have equal opportunities to progress and grow. We seek to respect human rights in all parts of our business. Since 2022, we have implemented practices to improve and maintain worker welfare for employees and contractors. [A] International Energy Agency, SDG7: Data and Projections, 2023. [B] UN Human Development Index, Approximately 75 GJ final energy per capita is the threshold where populations reach 0.8 on the UN Human Development Index which can be considered a good life. [C] Senior Leadership is a Shell measure based on compensation grade levels. This measure is distinct from "senior manager" as per statutory disclosure requirements. See "Our people" on page 126. Respecting nature We aim for a positive impact on biodiversity, zero waste and using water, other resources and materials efficiently. In 2023, we reviewed our progress and performance on respecting nature. We consolidated our respecting nature ambitions announced as part of our Powering Progress strategy in 2021 into the following themes: having a positive impact on biodiversity, aiming for zero waste and using water, other resources and materials efficiently. We have already achieved some of the respecting nature commitments we set when we launched Powering Progress. Our commitment to reduce consumption in highly areas by 15% was achieved ahead of the target date of 2025. We have also conducted detailed assessments to inform our approach to fresh water and waste, which will be tailored to local conditions. We have concluded that our ambition to use 1 million tonnes of plastic waste a year in our global chemical plants by 2025 is unfeasible due to lack of available plastic waste feedstock, slow technology development and regulatory uncertainty. The remaining commitments announced in 2021 have either been incorporated into our new Safety, Environment and Asset Management (SEAM) Standards, which take effect from , or are included in the relevant business objectives and processes. When planning new major projects, we conduct detailed environmental, social and health impact assessments. At the end of 2023, 89% of major installations operated by Shell were certified against the ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System, or were in compliance with equivalent environmental frameworks required by local regulations. We are pursuing certification for the remainder. Air quality continues to be embedded in our environmental standards. We are developing a range of choices for customers, from electric vehicle charge points to biofuels, to help people and companies use modes of transport. We continue to explore how we can source responsibly in our supply chain. * measure (see page 329). Most comparable GAAP financial measure for Total spend of good and services is Capital expenditure of $23 billion in 2023. Most comparable GAAP financial measure for Taxes paid and collected is Taxes paid of $14 billion in 2023. 15 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report | Powering Progress strategy Outlook Outlook for 2024 and beyond Delivering our strategy will require clear and deliberate capital allocation choices. We intend to focus on investing in businesses where we believe we have an enduring competitive advantage. The outlook for cash capital spending in 2024 and 2025 is in the $22-25 billion per year range. Additionally, we aim to reduce structural costs by $2-3 billion by the end of 2025, compared with 2022. Our target for shareholder distributions is 30-40% of cash flow from operations through the cycle. We may return cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buybacks. We increased our dividend per share in 2023 and it is now 25% higher than the dividends for 2022. Subject to Board approval, we aim to grow the dividend per share by around 4% every year. When setting the level of shareholder distributions, the Board looks at a range of factors, including the macro environment, our underlying business earnings and cash flow, the current balance sheet, future investment, acquisition, and divestment plans and existing commitments . In 2023, we renewed our focus on performance, discipline and simplification. We intend to demonstrate delivery of our targets, while strengthening the foundation of our businesse s. Recent times have been a stark reminder that energy security cannot be taken for granted. We support a balanced energy transition, where the world does not dismantle the current energy system faster than the clean energy system of the future can be built. We are committed to our liquefied natural gas (LNG) business and growing it with some of the lowest emissions in our industry. We will increase capacity for our LNG portfolio by around 11 million tonnes per year in the second half of the decade – that is an annual increase of more than a quarter of our current capacity. LNG plays an important role as a alternative to coal and as a partner to wind and solar power for electricity generation. Our Upstream business aims to keep liquids production levels flat, while producing oil with lower emissions. We will be transforming our Downstream, Renewables and Energy Solutions business to offer more solutions, while reducing sales of oil products. The statements in this "Outlook" section are statements based on management's current expectations and certain material assumptions and, accordingly, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied herein. Financial framework Balanced Capital Allocation Enhanced shareholder distributions Targeting total shareholder distributions of 30-40% of cash flow from operating activities through the cycle Around 4% annual growth in dividend per share, subject to Board approval Strong balance sheet Targeting AA credit metrics through the cycle Disciplined investment Cash capex within $22-25 billion per annum for 2024 and 2025 16 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect separately, or in combination, on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider these risks. Further background on each risk is set out in the relevant sections of this Report, indicated by way of cross references. The Board's responsibility for identifying, evaluating and managing our significant and emerging risks is discussed in "Governance framework" on pages 149-154. Strategic risks We are exposed to macroeconomic risks, including fluctuating prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals. Risk description The prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals can be volatile and are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Under high oil and gas prices, our entitlement to proved reserves under some contracts has been, and could continue to be, reduced. Higher prices could also reduce demand for our products which could result in lower profitability in certain businesses in the Group, particularly in our Chemicals and Products, and Marketing businesses. Some of the reduction in demand could be permanent. Higher prices can also lead to more capacity being built, potentially resulting in an oversupplied market which would negatively affect our businesses. In the past, a high oil and gas price environment has generally led to sharp increases in costs and this could continue. In addition, macroeconomic, geopolitical and technological uncertainties have affected, and could continue to affect, production costs and demand for our products. Government actions may affect the prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals. These include price caps on gas, the promotion of electric vehicle sales or the of future sales of new diesel or gasoline vehicles (as announced in the UK and due to come into force in 2035). Oil and gas prices can also move independently of each other (as seen with European gas prices in 2022). Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, pandemics such as , political instability, conflicts, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in Gaza, economic conditions, including inflation, and actions by major oil- and countries. In a low oil and gas price environment, we have generated, and could continue to generate, less revenue from our Upstream and Integrated Gas businesses, and parts of those businesses could become less profitable or incur losses. Low oil and gas prices have also resulted and could continue to result in the debooking of proved oil or gas reserves, if they become uneconomic in this type of price environment. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, or rising costs, have resulted and could continue to result in projects being delayed or cancelled. Assets have been impaired in the past, and there could be impairments in the future. Low oil and gas prices have affected, and could continue to affect, our ability to maintain our capital investment and shareholder distribution programmes. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices could adversely affect the financial, fiscal, legal, political and social stability of countries that rely significantly on oil and gas revenue. Accordingly, price fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Market overview" on page 36. Our ability to deliver competitive returns and pursue commercial opportunities depends in part on the accuracy of our price assumptions. Risk description We use a range of commodity price and margin assumptions, which we review on a periodic basis. These ranges help us to evaluate the robustness of our capital allocation for our evaluation of projects and commercial opportunities. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, this could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Market overview" on page 37. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives depends on how we react to competitive forces. Risk description We face competition in all our businesses. We seek to differentiate our services and products, though many of our products are competing in markets. Accordingly, failure to manage our costs and our operational performance could result in a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. We also compete with hydrocarbon entities and utility entities with access to financial resources and local markets. Such entities could be motivated by political or other factors in making their business decisions. Accordingly, when bidding on new leases or projects, we could find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage because these entities may not require a competitive return. If we are unable to obtain competitive returns when bidding on new leases or projects, this could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Outlook for 2024 and beyond" on page 16. 17 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Strategic risks continued Rising concerns about climate change and effects of the energy transition could lead to a fall in demand and potentially lower prices for fossil fuels. Climate change could also have a physical impact on our assets and supply chains. This risk has resulted in adverse litigation and regulatory developments which may recur in the future, resulting in project delays or cancellations, potential additional litigation, operational restrictions and additional compliance obligations. Risk description Societal demand for urgent action on climate change has increased, especially since the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C effectively made the more ambitious goal of the Paris Agreement to limit the rise in global average temperature this century to 1.5°C the default target. This increasing focus on climate change and drive for an energy transition have created a risk environment that is changing rapidly, resulting in a wide range of stakeholder actions at global, local and company levels. The potential impact and likelihood of the associated exposure for Shell could vary across different time horizons, depending on the specific components of the risk. We expect that a growing share of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions will be subject to regulation, resulting in increased compliance costs and operational restrictions. Regulators may seek to limit certain oil and gas projects or make it more difficult to obtain required permits. Additionally, climate activists are challenging the grant of new and existing regulatory permits, and protesting at some of our facilities and projects. We expect that these challenges and protests are likely to continue and could delay or prohibit operations in certain cases. Our journey to achieving our target of becoming a emissions energy business has resulted in and could continue to require additional costs. We also expect that actions by customers to reduce their emissions will lower demand and potentially affect prices for fossil fuels, as will increasing levels of GHG emissions regulation through taxes, fees and/or other incentives. This could be a factor contributing to additional provisions for our assets and result in lower earnings, cancelled projects and potential impairment of certain assets. The pace and extent of the energy transition could pose a risk to Shell if we decarbonise our operations and the energy we sell at a different speed relative to society. If we are slower than society, customers may prefer a different supplier, which would reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our reputation besides materially affecting our financial results. If we move much faster than society, we risk investing in technologies, products or markets for which or where demand fails to materialise. The operating margins for our products and services have been, and could continue to be lower than the margins we have experienced historically in our oil and gas operations. Changes in regulations may also impact our returns. The physical effects of climate change such as, but not limited to, increases in temperature and sea levels and fluctuations in water levels could also adversely affect our operations and supply chains. Certain investors have decided to divest their investments in fossil fuel companies. If this were to continue, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our securities and our ability to access capital markets. Stakeholder groups are also putting pressure on commercial and investment banks to stop financing fossil fuel companies. Some financial institutions have started to limit their exposure to fossil fuel projects. Accordingly, our ability to use financing for these types of future projects may be adversely affected. This could also adversely affect our partners' ability to finance their portion of costs, either through equity or debt. In some countries governments, regulators, organisations and individuals have filed lawsuits seeking to hold fossil fuel companies liable for costs associated with climate change. Losing climate change lawsuits that have been filed against us could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. For example, in May 2021, the District Court in The Hague, the Netherlands, ruled that by end 2030, Shell must reduce its aggregate net Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 45%, compared with 2019 levels. The Scope 1 component is a obligation and the Scope 2 and 3 components are a significant obligation. As new technologies are developed to more accurately measure emissions, we may be required to revise our emissions estimates and reduction targets. Even if we meet our targets, our efforts may be characterised as insufficient. In summary, rising climate change concerns, the pace at which we decarbonise our operations relative to society and effects of the energy transition pose multiple challenges to our business. These could, individually or collectively, result in, for example, financial penalties, additional provisions or payments of financial damages, and have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Our journey to net zero" on pages 80-113, "Climate change and energy transition" on pages 231-243, "Renewables and energy solutions" on pages 73-76 and "Legal proceedings and other contingencies" on pages 286-288. 18 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Strategic risks continued We operate in more than 70 countries that have differing degrees of political, legal and fiscal stability. This exposes us to a wide range of political developments that could result in changes to contractual terms, laws and regulations. We and our joint arrangements and associates also face the risk of litigation and disputes worldwide. Risk description Developments in politics, laws and regulations can and do affect our supply chains and operations. Potential impacts, which we have experienced in the past, include: forced divestment of assets; expropriation of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation of contract rights; delay of new projects; additional taxes, including windfall taxes (especially during periods of prolonged high oil and gas prices experienced in recent years, such as 2022), restrictions on deductions and retroactive tax claims; antitrust claims; changes to trade compliance regulations; price controls; local content requirements; foreign exchange controls; changes to environmental regulations; changes to regulatory interpretations and enforcement; and changes to disclosure requirements. Many parts of the world are facing economic and fiscal challenges and growing pressure on standards. These issues impact our business as governments, in response to political and social pressures, pursue policies that could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. The world is also facing continued geopolitical instability, including Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which impacts market conditions and our operations. The broader consequences of the conflict in Gaza remain uncertain and a wider regional escalation could have greater impacts on our operations in the Middle East and beyond. From time to time, social and political factors play a role in unprecedented and unanticipated judicial outcomes that could adversely affect Shell. Non‑compliance with policies and regulations could result in regulatory investigations, litigation and, ultimately, sanctions. Certain governments and regulatory bodies have, in Shell's opinion, exceeded their constitutional authority by: attempting unilaterally to amend or cancel existing agreements or arrangements; failing to honour existing contractual commitments; and seeking to adjudicate disputes between private litigants. Certain governments have also adopted laws and regulations that could potentially conflict with other countries' laws and regulations, potentially subjecting us to criminal and civil sanctions. Such developments and outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Governance framework" on page 152. An erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand, our ability to secure new hydrocarbon or opportunities or access capital markets, and on our licence to operate. Risk description Our reputation is an important asset. The Shell General Business Principles (SGBP) govern how Shell and its individual companies conduct their affairs, and the Shell Code of Conduct tells employees and contract staff how to behave in line with the SGBP. Our challenge is to ensure that all employees and contract staff comply with the Principles and the Code of Conduct. Real or perceived failures of governance or regulatory compliance or a perceived lack of understanding of how our operations affect surrounding communities could harm our reputation. Societal expectations of companies are increasing, with a focus on business ethics, quality of products, contribution to society, safety and minimising damage to the environment. There is increasing focus on the role of oil and gas in the context of climate change and the energy transition. organisations (NGOs) continue to challenge Shell's social and legal licence to operate through activities to block or delay projects and by bringing legal actions, diverting our resources. In key markets, we are seeing an increasing number of protests at external events such as the Annual General Meeting, claims brought by NGOs and our brand communications have been subject to bans from advertising regulators in the UK and the Netherlands, following complaints received from members of the public. During prolonged periods of high oil and gas prices, the oil and gas industry could be accused of profiteering from higher fuel and electricity prices and therefore impacting living costs. This could negatively affect our brand, reputation and licence to operate, which could limit our ability to deliver our strategy, reduce consumer demand for our branded and products, harm our ability to secure new resources and contracts, and restrict our ability to access capital markets or attract staff. Many other factors, including the materialisation of other risks discussed in this section, could negatively affect our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Living by our values" on page 135. Operational risks Some of the consequences of Russia's invasion of Ukraine remain unpredictable. The evolving geopolitical situation, including sanctions and export controls, has caused challenges to our operations, the security of our people, and has created new reputational exposure, both of which are likely to continue in the medium to longer term. Risk description The war continues to pose challenges to our operations and commercial decisions. The subsequent sanctions and export controls imposed by countries around the world are continuing to have a material impact on a number of our activities, including supply, trading and treasury activities. More sanctions and export controls could be expected. This continuing war could give rise to additional events that could materially impact our operations, which may be temporary or more permanent in nature. These risks and future events could impact the security of our people, our supply chain, commodity prices, credit, commodity trading, treasury and legal activities. In addition, there are potential reputational risks associated with how Shell's decisions in response to evolving challenges are perceived. The tensions also create heightened cyber security threats to our information technology (IT) infrastructure. Any of these factors, individually or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Other regulatory and statutory information" on page 152. 19 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Operational risks continued The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements based on available information and the application of complex rules. This means subsequent downward adjustments are possible. Risk description The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual and economic information. Estimates can change over time because of new information from production or drilling activities, changes in economic factors, such as oil and gas prices, alterations in the regulatory policies of host governments, or other events. Estimates also change to reflect acquisitions, divestments, new discoveries, extensions of existing fields and mines, and improved recovery techniques. Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates could also be subject to correction because of errors in the application of rules and changes in guidance. Downward adjustments could indicate lower future production volumes and could also lead to impairment of assets. This could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Supplementary information - oil and gas (unaudited)" on pages 291-309. Our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of large and integrated projects and our ability to replace proved oil and gas reserves. Risk description We face numerous challenges in developing capital projects, especially those which are large and integrated. Challenges include: uncertain geology; frontier conditions; the existence and availability of necessary technology and engineering resources; the availability of skilled labour; the existence of transport infrastructure; project delays; the expiration of licences; delays in obtaining required permits; potential cost overruns; and technical, fiscal, regulatory, political and other conditions. These challenges are particularly relevant in certain developing and emerging market countries, in frontier areas and in fields, such as off the coast of Namibia. We may fail to assess or manage these and other risks properly. Such potential obstacles could impair our delivery of these projects, our ability to fulfil the full potential value of the project as assessed when the investment was approved, and our ability to fulfil related contractual commitments. This could lead to impairments and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Future oil and gas production will depend on our access to new proved reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments and other owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, and through developing and applying new technologies and recovery processes to existing fields. Failure to replace proved reserves could result in an accelerated decrease of future production, potentially having a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Oil and gas production available for sale Million boe [A] 2023 2022 2021 Shell subsidiaries 937 938 1,047 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 82 108 134 Total 1,019 1,046 1,181 [A] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. Proved developed and undeveloped oil and gas reserves [A][B] Million boe [C] Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Shell subsidiaries 8,283 8,317 8,456 Shell share of joint ventures and associates 1,504 1,261 909 Total 9,787 9,578 9,365 Attributable to interest of Shell subsidiaries 378 365 267 [A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves from subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates. [B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in operations. [C] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel. See "Oil and gas information" on pages 53-60. 20 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Operational risks continued The nature of our operations exposes us, and the communities in which we work, to a wide range of health, safety, security and environment risks. Risk description The health, safety, security and environment (HSSE) risks to which we and the communities in which we work are potentially exposed cover a wide spectrum, given the geographical range, operational diversity and technical complexity of our operations. These risks include the effects of natural disasters (including weather events and earthquakes), social unrest, pandemic diseases, criminal actions by external parties, and safety lapses. If a major risk materialises, such as an explosion or hydrocarbon leak or spill, which we have experienced in the past, this could result in injuries, loss of life, environmental harm, disruption of business activities, loss or suspension of permits, loss of our licence to operate and loss of our ability to bid on mineral rights. Accordingly, this could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Our operations are subject to extensive HSSE regulatory requirements that often change and are likely to become more stringent over time. Governments could require operators to adjust their future production plans, affecting production and costs. We could incur significant extra costs in the future because of the need to comply with such requirements. We could also incur significant extra costs due to violations of or liabilities under laws and regulations that involve elements such as fines, penalties, costs and claims. If HSSE risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Safety" on pages 131-134 and "Living by our values" on pages 137. A further erosion of the business and operating environment in Nigeria could have a material adverse effect on us. Risk description In our Nigerian operations, we face various risks and adverse conditions. These include: security incidents affecting the safety of our people, host communities and operations; sabotage and crude theft; ongoing litigation; limited infrastructure; challenges presented by delayed government and partner funding and budget delays; and regional instability created by militant activities. Some of these risks and adverse conditions, such as security issues affecting the safety of our people and sabotage and theft, have occurred in the past and are likely to continue in the future, with a potential material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Upstream" on page 50 and "Legal proceedings and other contingencies" on pages 286-288. 21 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Operational risks continued We rely heavily on information technology systems in our operations. Risk description Our continued focus on digitalising our business processes, and our increasing dependence on information technology (IT) systems for our core operations, mean that we are heavily reliant on secure, affordable and resilient IT services provided both and by third parties. Externally, we observe several developments impacting our IT and cyber risk profile: deterioration of the cyber security threat landscape represented by increasing volumes of attacks by sophisticated cyber actors, technology developments (such as artificial intelligence), geopolitical conflicts and increases in regulations across the markets in which Shell operates. We have observed an increase in social engineering (manipulation of individuals) as a method of financially driven cyber crime. Threat actors are targeting bank account changes, invoice settlement and identity fraud to extract money from corporations. Ransomware attacks on corporations continue to be widespread. These contribute to potential breaches and disruptions of critical IT services, such as the security incident involving the transfer of files which Shell experienced in 2023. If breaches are not detected early and responded to effectively, they could impact our operations and the safety of our staff and/or harm our reputation and/or result in material regulatory fines. This could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Other central activities" on page 79. Our business exposes us to risks of social instability, criminality, civil unrest, terrorism, piracy, cyber disruption and acts of war that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Risk description As seen in recent years, these risks can manifest themselves in the countries where we operate and elsewhere. These risks impact people, our operations and assets. Risks which have materialised in the past include: acts of terrorism; acts of criminality, including maritime piracy, sabotage and tapping into our pipelines in Nigeria; cyber espionage or disruptive cyber attacks; conflicts, including war - such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine; civil unrest such as the 2023 political unrest in Pakistan; malicious acts carried out by individuals within Shell, such as data exfiltration during divestments; and environmental and climate activism (including disruptions by organisations) especially in the USA and Europe, where, for example, activists boarded and protested during the sailing of the Penguins floating production and storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel to Norway. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our assets and the transport of our products. They can harm the of our people, inflict loss of life and injuries, and disrupt our operational activities. They can also damage the environment and negatively impact our reputation. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Safety" on page 134. The Groningen region in the Netherlands continues to experience earthquakes induced by historical gas production activities, affecting local communities. Risk description Shell and ExxonMobil are 50:50 shareholders in Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. (NAM). An important part of NAM's gas production comes from the onshore Groningen gas field, in which EBN, a Dutch government entity, has a 40% interest and NAM a 60% interest. The Dutch government issues annual gas production instructions for the Groningen field. As per the latest instruction, production ceased on October 1, 2023. However, the Dutch government has indicated to NAM it could decree a restart of minimal production in exceptional circumstances during the current gas year, which occurred on January 8-10, 2024, for a cold spell of several days. The region is still experiencing earthquakes induced by historical gas production. This has resulted in damaged buildings in the region, which has led to complaints and lawsuits from the local community and promises of compensation from the Dutch government to the region. The Dutch State has taken over the handling of damage claims from NAM for all claim categories, as well as activities to strengthen buildings in the region, while NAM remains financially responsible insofar as the costs correspond to NAM's liability. While we expect the cessation of production from the Groningen gas field on October 1, 2023, to further reduce seismicity, any additional earthquakes, or the government passing on costs to NAM beyond NAM's liability, could have further material adverse effects on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Upstream" on page 47 and "Legal proceedings and other contingencies" on page 287. 22 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Operational risks continued We are exposed to treasury and trading risks, including liquidity risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and credit risk. We are affected by the global macroeconomic environment and the conditions of financial and commodity markets. Risk description Our subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates are subject to differing economic and financial market conditions around the world. Political or economic instability affects such markets. We use debt instruments, such as bonds and commercial paper, to raise significant amounts of capital. Should access to debt markets become more challenging, the impact on our liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our operations. For example, some financial institutions have started to limit their exposure to fossil fuel projects. Group financing costs could also be affected by interest rate fluctuations or any credit rating deterioration. We are exposed to changes in currency values and to exchange controls as a result of our substantial international operations. Our reporting currency is the US dollar, although, to a material extent, we also hold assets and are exposed to liabilities in other currencies. While we undertake some foreign exchange hedging, we do not do so for all our activities. Even where hedging is in place, it may not function as expected. Commodity trading is an important component of our businesses. Processing, managing and monitoring many trading transactions across the world, some of which are complex and, depending on the terms of our commodity contracts, exposes us to operational and market risks, including commodity price risks. We use derivative instruments such as futures, options and contracts for difference to hedge market risks. Due to differences between derivative instruments available in the market to hedge market risks and the actual market risks we are exposed to, perfect hedging is not always achievable. Therefore, our hedging has from time to time not functioned as expected and may not function as expected in the future. We undertake commodity trading to optimise commercial margins or to profit from expected market price movements. Even with sound risk management procedures and controls in place, this activity involves forecasting and hence we are exposed to the risk of incurring significant losses if prices develop contrary to management expectations. We are exposed to credit risk; our counterparties could fail or be unable to meet their payment and/or performance obligations under contractual arrangements. Our pension plans invest in government bonds, so they could be affected by a sovereign debt downgrade or other default. If any of the above risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Financial framework" on page 32. Our future performance depends on the successful development and deployment of new technologies that provide new products and solutions. Risk description Technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to help meet the world's energy demands competitively. If we fail to effectively develop or deploy new technology, products and solutions, or fail to make full, effective use of our data in a timely and manner, there could be a material adverse effect on the delivery of our strategy and our licence to operate. We operate in environments where advanced technologies are used. In developing new technologies, products and solutions, unknown or unforeseeable technological failures or environmental and health effects could harm our reputation and licence to operate or expose us to litigation or sanctions. The associated costs of new technology are sometimes underestimated. Sometimes the development of new technology is subject to delays. If we are unable to develop the right technology and products in a timely and manner, or if we develop technologies, products and solutions that harm the environment or people's health, there could be a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Other central activities" on page 79. We have substantial pension commitments, the funding of which is subject to capital market risks and other factors. Risk description Liabilities associated with defined benefit pension plans are significant, and the cash funding requirement of such plans can also involve significant liabilities. They both depend on various financial and demographic assumptions. Volatility in capital markets or government policies could affect investment performance, inflation and interest rates, causing significant changes to the funding level of future liabilities and/or liquidity requirements. Changes in assumptions for mortality, retirement age or pensionable remuneration at retirement could also cause significant changes to the funding level of future liabilities. We operate a number of defined benefit pension plans and, in case of a shortfall, we could be required to make substantial cash contributions (depending on the applicable local regulations). This could result in a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Financial framework" on page 32. We mainly our hazard risk exposures. Consequently, we could incur significant financial losses from different types of risks that are not insured with insurers. Risk description Our Group insurance companies (wholly owned subsidiaries) provide insurance coverage to Shell subsidiaries and entities in which Shell has an interest. These subsidiaries and entities may also insure a portion of their risk exposures with third parties, but such external insurance would not provide any material coverage in the event of a safety or environmental incident. Accordingly, in the event of a material incident, we would have to meet our obligations without access to material proceeds from insurers. We have in the past incurred adverse impacts from events, such as Hurricane Ida in 2021. We may, in the future, incur significant losses from different types of hazard risks that are not insured with insurers, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Corporate" on page 78. 23 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Operational risks continued Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint arrangements or with associates. This could reduce our degree of control and our ability to identify and manage risks. Risk description When we are not the operator, we have less influence and control over the behaviour, performance and operating costs of joint arrangements or associates. Despite having less control, we could still be exposed to the risks associated with these operations, including reputational, litigation (where joint and several liability could apply) and government sanction risks. For example, our partners or members of a joint arrangement or an associate, (particularly local partners in developing countries), may be unable to meet their financial or other obligations to projects, threatening the viability of a given project. Where we are the operator of a joint arrangement, the other partner(s) could still be able to veto or block certain decisions, which could be to our overall detriment. Accordingly, where we have limited influence, we are exposed to operational risks that could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Governance framework"on page 152. Conduct and culture risks We are exposed to regulatory and conduct risk in our trading operations. Risk description Commodity trading is an important component of our business. Our commodity trading entities are subject to many regulations, including requirements for standards of conduct. The risk of ineffective controls, poor oversight of trading activities, and the risk that traders could deliberately operate outside compliance limits and controls, either individually or as a group, has occurred. This has resulted in losses in the past and may result in further losses in the future. The rapidly changing regulatory environment creates a risk of insufficient, delayed or incorrect implementation of new or changes to existing regulatory requirements. Violations of such regulatory requirements could also expose us and/or our employees to regulatory fines and have an adverse effect on our licence to operate. These risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Living by our values" on page 136. Violations of antitrust and competition laws carry fines and expose us and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits. Risk description Antitrust and competition laws apply to Shell and its joint arrangements and associates in the vast majority of countries where we do business. Shell and its joint arrangements and associates have been fined for violations of antitrust and competition laws in the past. This includes a number of fines by the European Commission Directorate-General for Competition (DG COMP). Because of DG COMP's fining guidelines, any future conviction of Shell or any of its joint arrangements or associates for violation of EU competition law could potentially result in significantly larger fines and have a material adverse effect on us. Violation of antitrust laws is a criminal offence in many countries, and individuals can be imprisoned or fined. In certain circumstances, directors may receive director disqualification orders. It is also now common for persons or corporations allegedly injured by antitrust violations to sue for damages. Any violation of these laws can harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Living by our values" on page 136. Violations of , and laundering laws carry fines and expose us and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits. Risk description , and laundering laws apply to Shell, its joint arrangements and associates in all countries where we do business. Shell and its joint arrangements and associates have in the past settled with the US Securities and Exchange Commission regarding violations of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Any violation of , or laundering laws, including potential violations associated with Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company Limited's investment in Nigerian oil block OPL 245 and the 2011 settlement of litigation pertaining to that block, could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Violations of such laws also could expose us and/or our employees to criminal sanctions, civil suits and other consequences, such as debarment and the revocation of licences. See "Living by our values" on page 135 and "Legal proceedings and other contingencies" on pages 286-288. 24 Shell Form 20-F 2023 Strategic Report Risk Factors continued Conduct and culture risks continued Violations of data protection laws carry fines and expose us and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits. Risk description Data privacy and the management of personal data have become an issue of increasing importance and focus for companies and regulators in recent years. Following the implementation of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in May 2018, we have on a global basis seen updates to, or the introduction of, data privacy laws largely based on the GDPR. More than 100 countries globally now have data privacy laws. Shell companies are increasingly processing large volumes of personal data as we continue to acquire small companies with relatively large amounts of customer data. In doing so, we must consider how we manage personal data effectively and responsibly, including managing the associated cyber risks. In some countries that are key to Shell's business operations, such as China, relevant legislation continues to be amended or introduced. Shell must be able to adapt dynamically to such legislative changes and be capable of updating our internal programmes if necessary. Many countries require mandatory notification of data breaches often within short time frames (72 hours) in certain situations. In these circumstances we might be required to report to affected individuals and regulators in the relevant countries. with data protection laws could harm individuals and expose us to regulatory investigations. This could result in fines, which could be up to 4% of global annual turnover if under the GDPR; orders to stop processing certain data; harm to our reputation; and loss of the trust of existing and potential customers, stakeholders, governments, and employees. With regard to data breaches in the past, we notified a number of data privacy regulators of personal data breaches and have had fines issued against us and this could happen in the future. In addition to imposing fines, regulators may also issue orders to stop processing personal data, which could disrupt operations. We could also be subject to litigation from persons or entities allegedly affected by data protection violations. Violation of data protection laws is a criminal offence in some countries, and individuals can be imprisoned or fined. Any violation of these laws could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See "Living by our values" on page 135. Violations of trade compliance laws and regulations, including sanctions, carry fines and expose us and our employees to criminal proceedings and civil suits. Risk description We use "trade compliance" as an umbrella term for various national and international laws designed to regulate the movement of items across nationa

[truncated]