BETA Close X Arecor Therapeutics plc announced the peer-reviewed publication of its AT278-104 study in Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism, demonstrating that its investigational ultra-concentrated (500U/mL) insulin aspart formulation, AT278, maintains an ultra-rapid pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile regardless of BMI. This finding supports AT278's potential as the first ultra-rapid U500 insulin option for individuals with insulin-resistant type 2 diabetes requiring high-dose therapy and reinforces its role in enabling next-generation automated insulin delivery technologies. The study showed AT278 exhibited significantly faster insulin absorption and greater glucose-lowering effects within the first hour compared to standard U100 insulin aspart and U500 human regular insulin, while maintaining a favourable safety profile. Disclaimer* Arecor Therapeutics PLC 13 August 2026 Arecor Therapeutics plc ("Arecor" or the "Company") Peer-Reviewed Publication of AT278 Study in Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism journal · Findings support AT278's potential as first ultra-rapid U500 option for insulin resistance in people with type 2 diabetes requiring high-dose therapy, regardless of BMI · Reinforces its potential to enable next-generation automated insulin delivery technologies Cambridge, UK , 13 August 2026: Arecor Therapeutics plc (AIM: AREC), a clinical stage biotech company developing superior therapeutics that can reduce treatment burden and improve outcomes for people living with diabetes, obesity and other cardiometabolic diseases, announces the publication of clinical data from its AT278-104 study published in the peer-reviewed Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism . The study demonstrated that AT278, Arecor's investigational ultra-concentrated (500U/mL or U500) insulin aspart formulation, maintained its ultra-rapid pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) profile regardless of body mass index (BMI) levels, supporting its potential as the first ultra-rapid U500 insulin for people with insulin-resistant type 2 diabetes who require high-dose therapy. This article marks the first time the complete study results have been published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal, following presentations at the annual meeting of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) and the American Diabetes Association's (ADA) Scientific Sessions. The published study, A New Highly Concentrated Insulin Aspart AT278 (500 U/mL) Demonstrates Ultra-Rapid Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Properties in Type 2 Diabetes Regardless of BMI , evaluated the PK, PD and safety of AT278 (500U/mL) compared with standard concentration (U100; 100U/mL) insulin aspart and U500 human regular insulin (500U/mL). Key study findings include: · AT278 exhibited a significantly faster insulin absorption than both standard U100 concentration insulin aspart and U500 human regular insulin. · Faster absorption led to a significantly greater glucose-lowering effect within the first hour following administration. · AT278 maintained its ultra-rapid onset characteristics independent of BMI, distinguishing it from standard insulin apart. · Overall, insulin exposure and glucose-lowering activity remained comparable while maintaining a favourable safety profile. Dr Jan Jezek, CSO of Arecor commented : "The publication of the AT278-104 study in Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism provides important peer-reviewed validation of our work advancing next-generation insulin formulations for people with high-dose insulin requirements. The study demonstrated that AT278 maintained its ultra-rapid PK and PD profiles in a high BMI type 2 diabetic patient population, addressing one of the longstanding challenges associated with concentrated insulin therapies. "With obesity now affecting more than one billion people worldwide 1 and insulin resistance continuing to increase globally, more people are developing type 2 diabetes. In many obese people with type 2 diabetes, severe insulin resistance results in high total daily insulin requirements. The US average daily insulin dose for this patient population is 100 units, making concentrated ultra-rapid-acting insulin an essential therapeutic option. "We believe these findings support the potential for AT278 to become the first ultra-rapid U500 insulin for prandial use while also reinforcing the important role that advanced insulin formulations will play in enabling smaller, longer-wear fully automated insulin delivery systems that simplify diabetes management, reducing burden and improving outcomes." [1] 1 NCD Risk Factor Collaboration (NCD-RisC), "Worldwide Trends in Underweight and Obesity From 1990 to 2022: A Pooled Analysis of 3663 Population-Representative Studies With 222 Million Children, Adolescents, and Adults," Lancet 403 , no. 10431 (2024): 1027-1050. -ENDS- For more information, please contact: Arecor Therapeutics plc Dr Sarah Howell, Chief Executive Officer David Ellam, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 1223 426060 info@arecor.com Singer Capital Markets Advisory LLP (NOMAD and Broker) +44 (0) 20 7496 3000 Jen Boorer, James Fischer Vigo Consulting (Financial Communications) Melanie Toyne-Sewell, Rozi Morris +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 arecor@vigoconsulting.com Vida Strategic Partners Stephanie Diaz (US Investor Relations) Jennifer Arcure (US Media Relations) +1 (415) 675-7401 sdiaz@vidasp.com +1 (917) 603-0681 jarcure@vidasp.com Notes to Editors About Arecor Arecor Therapeutics plc is a clinical stage biotech company developing superior therapeutics that can reduce treatment burden and improve outcomes for people living with diabetes, obesity and other cardiometabolic diseases. Its lead product is AT278, the only ultra-concentrated (500U/mL) ultra-rapid acting insulin, which enables disruptive drug delivery devices. It is being co-developed with Sequel Med Tech, a company commercialising state-of-the art insulin delivery devices. Arecor is also developing a novel oral delivery platform for peptides with its first validation target a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The Company is quoted on AIM (AIM: AREC) and is based in Cambridge, UK. For further details please see www.arecor.com Arecor® and Arestat® are registered trademarks of Arecor Limited. About AT278 AT278 is a novel proprietary formulation of an existing insulin, designed to accelerate the absorption of insulin post injection even at very high concentrations (500U/mL). With its best-in-class profile, it has the potential to disrupt the market for insulin treatment as the first concentrated, yet very rapid acting insulin for the growing population of people with diabetes with high daily insulin needs as well as to act as a critical enabler in the development of next-generation, miniaturised longer wear automated insulin delivery (AID) systems. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Arecor Therapeutics (AREC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and