BETA Close X GlobalData Plc expects to report approximately 3% revenue growth for the first half of 2026, with underlying growth at 1%, and contracted forward revenue growth of approximately 6%. Adjusted EBITDA is projected to grow 4-5%, with full-year results anticipated at the low end of consensus due to planned second-half margin acceleration initiatives. The company announced its intention to launch a £30 million tender offer on July 10, 2026, bringing total capital returns for the year to £45 million, plus £8 million carried over from 2025. GlobalData also completed the acquisition of Cambridge Healthcare and secured increased financing headroom, upsizing its non-Healthcare facility by £60 million to £245 million and extending its Healthcare facility by a year. Further details on the value creation plan will be provided on September 14, 2026. Disclaimer* GlobalData PLC 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 GlobalData Plc ("the Group") Trading Update, Acquisition and Proposed Tender Offer GlobalData Plc, the leading data, insight, and technology company, today provides an update for the six months to 30 June 2026. Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer of GlobalData PLC, commented: "The first half of 2026 has been a period of progress, albeit one where the pace of revenue growth has been challenging. The fundamentals of GlobalData are strong, delivering subscription based proprietary content to attractive markets across a variety of commercial use cases. GlobalData has a portfolio of unique and valuable assets, increasingly powered by AI, a playbook that underpins our conviction on the continued development and positive outlook for our businesses, and optionality for unlocking value for shareholders. I look forward to setting out our plans in September to provide more details on accelerating the development roadmap to drive revenue growth across our asset portfolio." · Revenue The Group expects to report revenue growth of approximately 3% for the half, which includes underlying revenue growth of approximately 1% for the period. · Contracted Forward Revenue The Group expects to report Contracted Forward Revenue Growth of approximately 6%, which includes underlying growth of 1%. · Adjusted EBITDA The Group expects to report Adjusted EBITDA growth for the period of approximately 4-5% on the prior year and expects full year Adjusted EBITDA at the low end of consensus, reflecting planned actions in the second half to accelerate margin. · Tender Offer The Group announces its intention to launch a £30 million tender offer on 10 July 2026 taking the total amount of capital returns for the year to £45m, plus £8m carried over from programmes announced in 2025. · HY26 results On 14 September 2026, the Board will set out further details on the next stage of its value creation plan. Business Update Underlying revenue growth for the first half was approximately 1%, reflecting a challenging macro-economic backdrop in which sales cycles have elongated industry wide, as well as the ongoing embedding of key investments and transformation across the business. Renewal rates have remained broadly consistent with those achieved in FY25 (Value renewal rate approximately 89%, Dec-25: 88%). The Group continues to win new material contracts, reinforcing the high-quality, must-have data embedded within our customer solutions. Our Non-Healthcare ("NHC") division's underlying revenue growth for the half was approximately 1%, closing with underlying Contracted Forward Revenue growth of 2%. In NHC we are starting to see some early benefits of our new go-to-market ("GTM") structures and processes showing green shoots, such as Inside Sales (management of smaller clients), a strategic account focus as well as other activity related initiatives. Healthcare's underlying revenue grew by approximately 1%, closing with underlying Contracted Forward Revenue decline of 1%, reflecting a challenging pharmaceuticals market. The Healthcare management team are focused on replicating some of the structures and process that we have seen start to work well in NHC to regain some growth momentum. Integration with Microsoft Copilot Premium, trusted proprietary data, built over decades, like GlobalData's is more important to enterprise customers than ever. This brings new opportunities for us to serve customers with AI-native experiences integrated into their workflows. Integrating Ava, our AI Research Assistant into Microsoft 365 Copilot, is allowing enterprise users to benefit from direct in-workflow access to trusted intelligence grounded in GlobalData's proprietary data and content ecosystem. Development of Growth Transformation Plan GlobalData combines proprietary data, human expertise, and AI into a connected intelligence platform that powers our propositions, products, and solutions. As we reach the end of our current Growth Transformation Plan, we're evolving our operating model to pair the platform's agility and scalability with market-focused businesses led by dedicated management and go-to-market teams. This approach will help us serve customers better through AI-native solutions, unlock value from the platform, and accelerate growth and innovation. GlobalData's portfolio comprises market-leading, end-market focused products and services, underpinned by proprietary data and deep domain expertise tailored to serve large, fragmented and attractive sectors, through a well invested AI enabled platform. The Board believes that the 'sum-of-the-parts' value of the Group's portfolio of products and services has the potential to be much greater than the Group's current market capitalisation. The Board remains focused on executing with discipline and allocating capital with rigour to drive the best overall value outcome for the Group and its shareholders. At the HY26 results on 14 September 2026, the Board will set out further details on the stage of value creation, with a renewed focus on accelerating the development roadmap to drive revenue growth across our asset portfolio. M&A and Capital Allocation We continue to actively pursue M&A opportunities that fit our key acquisition criteria; focused on growth, proprietary content, quality of earnings and high customer retention metrics, all as part of the wider value creation activities within each of our portfolio of assets. During the first half, we completed the acquisition of Cambridge Healthcare within the Healthcare division. This move further enhances Healthcare's Competitive Intelligence offering into large pharmaceutical clients and takes the business into a leading position within the fragmented, pharmaceuticals competitive intelligence space. This typical sized bolt-on business, for the Group, will add a minimal amount of Adjusted EBITDA during FY26 as the Group integrates the competitive intelligence assets. We expect to see a more normalised contribution from Cambridge Healthcare through FY27, as it is embedded in our platform and wider Competitive Intelligence offering. Tender Offer The Group announces its intention to launch a tender offer of up to £30million on 10 July 2026 at a fixed price of 85 pence per share, which is intended to close on 10 August 2026. Further details of the tender offer are to be announced on 10 July 2026 and will be set out in a separate announcement and circular to shareholders. Alongside the existing £5m share buy-back programme, which will remain in place, this will take the total amount of capital returns for the year to £45m, plus £8m carried over from programmes announced in 2025. The Group has also secured further financing headroom, upsizing its existing non-Healthcare facility by £60 million to £245m (on a 3+1 year term, subject to customary closing conditions) as well as extending the £200m Healthcare facility by a further year to December 2028. Outlook Demand across all our end markets remains robust, albeit within a challenging macro-economic environment. The Group's recurring revenue model continues to provide strong visibility, and robust renewal rates demonstrate that our core customer relationships remain resilient (value renewal rate approximately 89% for previous 12 months: Dec-25: 88%). The underlying revenue growth rate for the period of approximately 1% requires greater consistency in performance from our sales investments to accelerate, but confidence is taken from sizable enterprise client wins over the past 12 months. Actions are being taken across the business to drive value creation in each market-led business - more detail to be provided on 14 September 2026. The Group expects full year Adjusted EBITDA at the low end of consensus, reflecting planned actions in the second half to accelerate margin. GlobalData will announce its HY26 results on 14 September 2026. *GlobalData's complied expectations consensus, updated in June 2026, for FY26 is as follows: Revenue range £330m - £339m and Adjusted EBITDA range of £126-£134m -ENDS- ENQUIRIES GlobalData Plc 0207 936 6400 Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer Graham Lilley, Chief Financial Officer J.P. Morgan Cazenove (Joint Broker) 0203 493 8000 Bill Hutchings Mose Adigun Panmure Liberum (Joint Broker) 0203 100 2000 Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford Investec Bank Plc (Joint Broker) 0207 597 5970 Henry Reast Virginia Bull FTI Consulting LLP (Financial PR) 0203 727 1000 Edward Bridges globaldata@fticonsulting.com Dwight Burden Emma Hall This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Globaldata (DATA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 40 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 40 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 40 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 41 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and