Positive In Vivo Data from BVX002 Programme BiVictriX Therapeutics PLC 09 September 2024 This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. With the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR RELEASE IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, NEW ZEALAND, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND OR THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, OR ANY PROVINCE OR TERRITORY THEREOF OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANY NATIONAL, RESIDENT OR CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY PERSON RESIDENT IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, NEW ZEALAND, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND OR THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA. BiVictriX Therapeutics plc ("BiVictriX", "BiVictriX Therapeutics" or the "Company") BiVictriX Reports Positive Initial In Vivo Data from BVX002 Solid Tumour Programme · First in vivo data shared from BVX002, BiVictriX's lead solid tumour bispecific ADC programme · Complete tumour growth inhibition and tumour regressions observed at well-tolerated doses in a murine model of ovarian cancer Alderley Park, 9 September 2024 - BiVictriX Therapeutics plc (AIM: BVX), a drug discovery and development company applying an innovative, proprietary approach to develop a new class of highly selective, next generation cancer therapeutics, bispecific antibody drug conjugates ("Bi-Cygni® ADCs"), which exhibit superior potency, whilst reducing treatment-related toxicities, today announces positive initial in vivo data for its lead solid tumour programme, BVX002. The preclinical study is investigating BVX002 in a murine xenograft model of ovarian cancer, using the human cell line OVCAR-3. Initial data reported highly significant tumour growth inhibitions across all doses tested, ranging from 78.3% to >100% ( p-value <0.001 ). Tumour regressions of up to 63.1% were also observed at the mid and high doses. During the study, BVX002 was dosed once weekly, with a total of four doses given. All doses of BVX002, including the highest dose tested, were well tolerated in all mice, even with the drug having target cross-reactivity in mice. Following completion of the dosing phase, monitoring of tumour volume post dosing continues. It is noted that the tumours have continued to shrink in the mid to high dose arms two weeks post treatment cessation, highlighting the potential durability of BVX002's anti-cancer effects. This data builds upon the strong preclinical i n vivo efficacy and safety data previously reported on our most advanced bispecific ADC asset, BVX001. BVX002 targets a novel, cancer-specific antigen pair found to be selectively expressed in a wide range of solid tumour indications, including cases of ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, but is absent from healthy cells. Evidence from internal data assessing primary patient samples suggests BVX002's targeted cancer-specific antigen pair may be present in 60-70% of patients with high grade serous ovarian cancer. In June 2024, BiVictriX announced the awarding of a ca.£0.4 million grant from Innovate UK to help support this preclinical work with BVX002. The Company will use insights from this study, together with additional planned studies, to file an Investigational New Drug (IND) Application with the FDA for BVX002 in due course. Tiffany Thorn, Chief Executive Officer of BiVictriX Therapeutics plc, commented: "This first in vivo data marks the start of what we anticipate being an incredibly exciting preclinical data package for our lead solid tumour asset, BVX002. We are highly encouraged by the significance of the anti-tumour effect delivered by our therapeutic lead in this hard-to-treat model of ovarian cancer, which showcases the clear benefit of our proprietary bispecific ADC approach in a solid tumour setting. We look forward to providing further updates as we expedite the development of this asset." Graph 1: Mean Tumour Volume Over Time for BVX002-treated and Control Groups Graph 2: Bodyweight Change for BVX002-treated and Control Groups ENDS For more information, please contact: BiVictriX Therapeutics plc Tiffany Thorn, Chief Executive Officer Michael Kauffman, Non-Executive Chairman Email: info@bivictrix.com SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (NOMAD and Broker) David Hignell, Caroline Rowe (Corporate Finance) Vadim Alexandre, Rob Rees (Sales and Broking) Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 Panmure Liberum Limited (Joint Broker) Emma Earl, Freddy Crossley, Mark Rogers, Rupert Dearden Tel: +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 ICR Consilium Namrata Taak, Lucy Featherstone, Max Bennett, Emmalee Hoppe Tel: +44 (0) 20 3709 5700 Email: Bivictrix@consilium-comms.com About BiVictriX Therapeutics plc BiVictriX (AIM: BVX) is an emerging biotechnology company leveraging clinical experience and its proprietary discovery engine to advance a new class of highly cancer-selective, next-generation precision cancer therapies in one of the fastest-growing markets in oncology. BiVictriX's first-in-class Bi-Cygni® Antibody Drug Conjugates ("Bi-Cygni®ADCs") combine superior efficacy with substantially improved cancer-selectivity and safety to provide opportunities for prolonged dosing and greater efficacy in the clinic . The Company is advancing its pipeline to deliver the future of cancer care across a broad range of haematological and solid cancer indications in areas of high unmet medical need. Find out more at www.bivictrix.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and Twitter @BiVictriX . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BiVictriX Therapeutics (BVX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 35 minutes ago STV Group 45 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and