BETA Close X hVIVO plc announced positive data from newly developed human challenge models presented at the ESWI and World Vaccine Congress Europe conferences. The company showcased its world-first contemporary-strain hMPV challenge model, its first commercially available Omicron BA5 SARS-CoV-2 challenge model, and a robust RSV B challenge model, all demonstrating acceptable safety profiles and readiness for vaccine and antiviral trials. These developments enhance hVIVO's capability to accelerate novel therapeutic development and meet evolving industry demands. Disclaimer* hVIVO PLC 11 November 2025 hVIVO plc ("hVIVO", the "Company" or the "Group") Positive data from multiple novel human challenge models hVIVO presentations made at influential ESWI and World Vaccine Congress Europe conferences hVIVO plc (AIM: HVO), a full-service early phase Contract Research Organisation (CRO) and the world leader in human challenge clinical trials , announces key insights from its scientific presentations at the 10 th European Scientific Working Group on Influenza ("ESWI") Conference in Valencia, and the World Vaccine Congress Europe in Amsterdam, which both took place in October 2025. hVIVO presented positive data from a number of newly developed human challenge models , all demonstrating an acceptable safety and tolerability profile, reinforcing hVIVO's continued world-leading capabilities in accelerating the development of novel challenge agents and its readiness to meet customer demand for innovative and effective clinical trial solutions. Human Metapneumovirus ("hMPV") challenge model hVIVO's Senior Study Physician, Dr Alexander Lima, presented the positive findings from the newly developed, and world's only contemporary-strain hMPV human challenge model. The presentation at ESWI, titled, " Disease characteristics and immunological profiles obtained from newly developed hMPV human challenge model ", highlighted the model's strong performance using a recent 2a strain, which compared favourably against hVIVO's established RSV A model, a benchmark for model performance for this particular virus family. The model demonstrated high infection and symptomatic disease attack rates and robust AUC virology by qRT-PCR, and is now ready and available for vaccine and antiviral human challenge trials. SARS-CoV-2 Omicron challenge model Alex Mann, Senior Director Clinical Science presented, " Development of a SARS-CoV-2 Omicron BA5 human challenge mode l" at ESWI. This presentation highlighted the success of hVIVO's Omicron human challenge model which performs favourably in seropositive, previously vaccinated participants and confirmed the model's suitability for use in vaccine and treatment studies. A key insight from the presentation was the importance of timing of dosing post-inoculation, particularly in the context of post-exposure prophylaxis. This represents the first commercially available Omicron human challenge model. Respiratory Syncytial Virus B (RSV B) challenge model At the World Vaccine Congress Europe, hVIVO's Chief Scientific Officer, Dr Andrew Catchpole showcased the positive results from hVIVO's new RSV B model titled, " High infection rates achieved with the worlds' first RSV B challenge models key component of our RSV-hMPV-PIV combination vaccine efficacy testing platform. " The data confirmed the robustness of the RSV B model, which is now available for vaccine and anti-viral efficacy testing. The development of the RSV B and hMPV models, along with the Company's collecting of PIV (parainfluenza virus) clinical samples, has enabled the Company to create a comprehensive efficacy testing platform enabling the Company to test individual components of the next generation combination vaccines under development. Any interested parties should contact bd@hvivo.com to learn more about these new models. Dr Andrew Catchpole, Chief Scientific Officer of hVIVO, said: "We are delighted to have presented such positive data across three pathogens, hMPV, RSV B, and Omicron, at two of the industry's most influential scientific conferences. These results not only validate our unmatched expertise in designing and delivering new challenge models but also reinforce hVIVO's commitment to accelerating the development of vital vaccines and therapeutics and ensuring we have models that reflect industry's evolving needs." For further information please contact: hVIVO plc +44 (0)20 7756 1300 Yamin 'Mo' Khan, Chief Executive Officer Stephen Pinkerton, Chief Financial Officer Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Geoff Nash, Callum Davidson, Trisyia Jamaludin, Harriet Ward Nigel Birks - Life Science Specialist Sales Louise Talbot - Sales Peel Hunt LLP (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7418 8900 James Steel, Dr Christopher Golden Davy (Joint Broker) +353 (0) 1 679 6363 Anthony Farrell, Niall Gilchrist Walbrook PR (Financial PR & IR) Paul McManus / Alice Woodings / Lianne Applegarth +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or hvivo@walbrookpr.com +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654/ +44 (0)7584 391 303 Notes to Editors hVIVO plc (Ticker: HVO) is full-service early phase Contract Research Organisation (CRO) and the global leader in human challenge trials. The company delivers end-to-end clinical development services to a diverse and expanding client base, including seven of the world's ten largest biopharma companies. hVIVO specialises in conducting human challenge trials across multiple infectious and respiratory indications, leveraging its state-of-the-art quarantine facility in London-the largest of its kind worldwide. The Company also offers comprehensive virology and immunology laboratory services under the hLAB brand. Through its German subsidiary, CRS , hVIVO operates a 120-bed capacity across Mannheim and Kiel, providing early-phase clinical trial services, including first-in-human and proof-of-concept studies. Its second subsidiary, Venn Life Sciences , offers Early Drug Development Consulting and Biometry services to the biopharma sector. The Group provides fully integrated drug development solutions from preclinical stages through Phase II trials, alongside patient recruitment via FluCamp . Additionally, its five clinical sites support outpatient Phase II and III trials, ensuring a seamless and efficient pathway from discovery to late-stage development. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hvivo (HVO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and