BETA Close X GlobalData Plc has announced the results of its Tender Offer, which concluded on August 10, 2026, with a total of 35,294,117 shares being purchased at 85 pence per share, for an aggregate cost of approximately £30 million. This represents 4.73% of the company's issued share capital as of the record date. Following the cancellation of these shares on August 13, 2026, GlobalData's total issued share capital will be 709,105,053 shares, with no shares held in treasury. Chief Executive Officer Mike Danson participated in the offer, tendering 20,117,282 shares. Payment to participating shareholders is expected around August 20, 2026. Disclaimer* GlobalData PLC 11 August 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION 11 August 2026 GlobalData Plc ("GlobalData" or "the Company") Results of Tender Offer and Total Voting Rights GlobalData Plc (LSE: DATA.L), the leading data, insight and technology company, is pleased to announce the results of the Tender Offer, following the close of the Tender Offer at 1:00 pm (UK time) on 10 August 2026, details of which were set out in the Circular published by the Company on 10 July 2026. Tender Offer The maximum aggregate number of Shares that could be purchased pursuant to the Tender Offer was 35,294,117 Shares, representing approximately 4.73 per cent. of the Company's issued share capital as at the Tender Offer Record Date, at a Tender Price of 85 pence per Share. Under the Tender Offer, valid applications to tender Shares were received in respect of 56,502,816 Shares. Accordingly, all valid tenders of Qualifying Shareholders' Guaranteed Entitlements have been accepted and will be purchased in full. Furthermore, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer as set out in the Circular, all valid tenders by Qualifying Shareholders in excess of their Guaranteed Entitlement have been scaled back pro rata to the total number of such Shares tendered, such that the total cost of Shares purchased pursuant to the Tender Offer does not exceed £30 million. As such, it is expected that a total of 35,294,117 Shares will be purchased under the Tender Offer at the Tender Price of 85 pence per Share. The total value to be returned to Shareholders pursuant to the Tender Offer will therefore be approximately £30 million. As set out in the Circular, it is expected that the Tender Offer will become unconditional on 12 August 2026. It is anticipated that payment of the consideration due to Qualifying Shareholders whose tender applications under the Tender Offer have been accepted will be despatched (by cheque or by a CREST payment, as appropriate) on or around the 20 th August 2026. As set out in the Circular, the Shares will be purchased by the Tender Offer Brokers pursuant to the Tender Offer and the Company will purchase such Shares from the Tender Offer Brokers. Directors' participation Mike Danson tendered 20,117,282 Shares in the Company as part of the Tender Offer (equating to approximately 4.43 per cent. of his holding). None of the other Directors who hold Shares in the Company participated in the Tender Offer. Total Voting Rights Subject to shares purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Company's Share Buyback Programme which commenced on 23 June 2026, following the completion of the Tender Offer and the cancellation of the 35,294,117 successfully tendered Shares due to take place on 13 August 2026, the Company's issued share capital will consist of 709,105,053 Shares. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting shares in GlobalData will be 709,105,053. This figure may be used by Shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Capitalised terms used in this announcement (unless otherwise defined) have the meanings set out in the announcement of the Company dated 10 July 2026 in respect of the Tender Offer. ENQUIRIES GlobalData Plc Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer 0207 936 6400 Graham Lilley, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum (Tender Offer Broker) 0207 886 2500 Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford Investec Bank plc (Tender Offer Broker) Henry Reast Virginia Bull 0207 597 5970 FTI Consulting (Financial PR) 0203 727 1000 Edward Bridges globaldata@fticonsulting.com Dwight Burden Emma Hall LEI: 2138005I669UO6PJXM24 A copy of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at https://www.globaldata.com/. Neither the content of the Company's website, nor the content on any website accessible from hyperlinks on its website for any other website, is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement nor, unless previously published by means of a recognised information service, should any such content be relied upon in reaching a decision as to whether or not to acquire, continue to hold, or dispose of, securities in the Company. IMPORTANT NOTICE This announcement does not constitute or form part of an offer or invitation, or a solicitation of any offer or invitation, to purchase any Shares or other securities. The full terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are set out in the Circular. The offer period for the Tender Offer has now expired. No further tenders of any Shares may be made pursuant to the Tender Offer. Investec, which is authorised in the United Kingdom by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting as Tender Offer Broker to the Company. Panmure Liberum, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA, is acting as Tender Offer Broker to the Company. Each of the Tender Offer Brokers is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer. Neither of the Tender Offer Brokers will regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of the Circular and/or this announcement) as a client in relation to the Tender Offer or any other matters referred to in the Circular and/or this announcement and neither of the Tender Offer Brokers nor any of their respective affiliates, branches or subsidiaries will be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for the giving of advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in the Circular and/or this announcement. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on each of the Tender Offer Brokers by FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder, or under the regulatory regime of any jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or unenforceable, neither of the Tender Offer Brokers nor any of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries or branches and their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers accepts any responsibility whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to, the contents of the Circular and/or this announcement, including its accuracy, completeness or verification or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it, or on behalf of it, the Company, the Directors or any other person, in connection with the Company and/or the Tender Offer, and nothing in the Circular and/or this announcement should be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect, whether or not to the past or future. Each of the Tender Offer Brokers and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries or branches and its and their directors, officers, employees and advisers accordingly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all and any responsibility or liability whatsoever, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which it might otherwise have in respect of the Circular and/or this announcement or any such statement. No representation or warranty express or implied, is made by either of the Tender Offer Brokers or any of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries or branches as to the accuracy, completeness, verification or sufficiency of the information set out in the Circular and/or this announcement, and nothing in the Circular and/or this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect, whether or not to the past or future. Forward Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. They are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, such statements are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Globaldata (DATA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and