Aptamer Announces New Data at ASGCT Aptamer Group PLC 15 May 2025 15 May 2025 Aptamer Group plc ("Aptamer", the "Company" or the "Group") Aptamer Announces New Data at ASGCT Optimer delivery vehicle supports expansion across high-value fibrotic indications Aptamer Group plc (AIM: APTA), the leading developer of next-generation synthetic binders delivering innovation to the life science industry, t oday announces new data on its Optimer therapeutic delivery vehicle for liver fibrosis. The data, developed through Aptamer's internal programme and in collaboration with AstraZeneca, highlight the delivery platform's potential for broad therapeutic application. The latest results presented at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting in New Orleans, LA (13-17 May 2025) show the Optimer targets fibrosis in multiple tissue types and is compatible with mouse and rat animal models, which makes the transition to preclinical animal studies a simpler and faster next step. Recent in-house studies have shown that the Optimer effectively targets fibrosis in the liver as well as the kidney, skin, lung, and heart. These findings position the asset as a highly adaptable therapeutic delivery system with broad applicability across fibrotic diseases. This represents a significant step forward in unlocking multi-billion-dollar opportunities in areas of high unmet medical need. The delivery vehicle had previously shown the ability to deliver three different siRNA molecules, demonstrating compatibility with different therapeutic cargos. The ability to combine different therapeutic cargos with targeting to different tissues means this asset could act as a platform for the development of a range of precision therapies. Dr Arron Tolley, Chief Executive Officer of Aptamer Group, said: "These results broaden the scope of Aptamer's internal development programme, indicating our asset could address a broad range of disease areas. While fibrotic liver disease remains a major focus due to its large market size and limited treatment options, the potential to expand into pulmonary, renal, cardiac, and dermal fibrosis greatly increases the commercial scope of this delivery system. "With the market for liver fibrosis treatments set to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 24% through 2035, driven by new drugs under development and rising disease prevalence, 1 the Group is well-positioned to capitalise on this momentum. Aptamer's ongoing collaboration with AstraZeneca continues to generate compelling data, and multiple pharmaceutical companies have initiated discussions to explore partnerships over the next few months." 1. Delveinsight. Liver Fibrosis Market Insight, Epidemiology And Market Forecast - 2034. (2025) - Ends - For further information, please contact: Aptamer Group plc Dr Arron Tolley, Chief Executive Officer +44 (0) 1904 217 404 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited - Nominated Adviser Andrew Emmott / Jade Bayat +44 (0) 20 3368 3550 Turner Pope Investments (TPI) Limited - Broker James Pope / Andrew Thacker +44 (0) 20 3657 0050 Northstar Communications Limited - Investor Relations Sarah Hollins +44 (0) 113 730 3896 About Aptamer Group Aptamer Group is a leading developer of next-generation synthetic binders delivering innovation to the life sciences industry. The Group develops Optimer® binders, advanced molecules that work like antibodies by attaching to specific targets in the body. These binders are used in medicine, diagnostic tests, and research tools, offering benefits like high stability, reliable performance, and lower costs compared to traditional antibodies. Aptamer operates a fee-for-service business in the $210 billion market for antibody alternatives, working with all top 10 global pharmaceutical companies. It is also building valuable Optimer® assets with partners, aiming for future licensing revenue. Founded in 2008, the Group listed on the London Stock Exchange AIM market in December 2021 and is headquartered in York, UK. To register for news alerts by email go to https://aptamergroup.com/investors/investor-news-email-alerts/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aptamer Group (APTA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 4 hours ago Legal & General Group 4 hours ago BioPharma Credit 5 hours ago BioPharma Credit 5 hours ago Great Portland Estates All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and