BETA Close X Tritax Big Box REIT plc has updated the planning timetable for its Manor Farm data centre development, with a decision from the Secretary of State now expected by 9 June 2026. This revised timeline pushes the anticipated practical completion of the data centre to between October 2027 and March 2028, with income recognition commencing at that point. Despite this delay, the Company maintains its confidence in achieving its ambition of growing adjusted earnings by 50% by FY 2030 and expects to recognise development profits in FY 2026, contingent on planning consent and securing a pre-let. Disclaimer* Tritax Big Box REIT plc 17 March 2026 Manor Farm Data Centre - Planning Timetable Update 17 March 2026, Tritax Big Box REIT plc (the "Company") provides an update on the planning application relating to its proposed data centre development at Manor Farm. Update on planning application The Company notes confirmation from the Ministry of Housing Communities and Local Government ("MHCLG") that a decision by the Secretary of State is now expected to be issued on or before 9 June 2026. Revised timetable In January 2025, the Company outlined anticipated practical completion ("PC") of the data centre between July and December 2027, based upon an expectation of a December 2025 planning consent. In December 2025, MHCLG provided an updated timetable indicating a decision would be issued on or before the 17 March 2026. Noting the new guidance from MHCLG of a decision on or before 9 June 2026, the Company now expects PC between October 2027 and March 2028 with income recognition starting in conjunction with the PC of the building. Maintaining expectations and confidence Noting the revision to timings, the Board continues to maintain its confidence in achieving its ambition of growing adjusted earnings by 50% by FY 2030 [1] . We continue to expect to recognise development profits at Manor Farm in FY 2026, supported by a successful planning application and securing of a pre-let. The Board is confident in the long ‑ term strategic and financial merits of the Manor Farm development for the Company's shareholders, and in its contribution to the delivery of critical national infrastructure supporting UK economic growth. The probability of securing planning consent remains unchanged and the Board will continue to keep shareholders informed as the planning process progresses. Tritax Group Colin Godfrey, CEO Tel: +44 (0) 20 799 39640 Frankie Whitehead, CFO bigboxir@tritax.co.uk Ian Brown, Head of Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations Kekst CNC Tom Climie / Guy Bates Tel: +44 (0) 7760 160 248 / +44 (0) 7581 056 415 Email: tritax@kekstcnc.com About Tritax Big Box REIT plc Tritax Big Box REIT plc (ticker: BBOX) is the largest listed investor in high-quality logistics warehouse assets and controls the largest logistics-focused land platform in the UK. Tritax Big Box targets attractive and sustainable returns for shareholders by investing in and actively managing existing built investments and land suitable for logistics development. The Company focuses on well-located, modern logistics assets, typically let to institutional-grade clients on long-term leases with upward-only rent reviews and geographic and client diversification throughout the UK. Additionally, having adopted a "power first" approach, the Company has recently secured its first data centre development opportunities (amounting to over 250MW), and has a pipeline of c.1-gigawatt of further opportunities, offering the potential to deliver exceptional returns on an accelerated basis. The Company is a real estate investment trust to which Part 12 of the UK Corporation Tax Act 2010 applies, is listed on the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct Authority and is a constituent of the FTSE 250, FTSE EPRA/NAREIT and MSCI indices. Further information on Tritax Big Box REIT is available at www.tritaxbigbox.co.uk The Company's LEI is: 213800L6X88MIYPVR714 [1] 50% growth potential by the end of FY 2030, with the baseline reference being the FY 2024 Adjusted Earnings figure of £182.4 million. This should not be considered a profit forecast but an ambition. It assumes no material deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and GDP growth; sustained structural demand in key markets; investment markets remain open and ability to dispose of assets at or near book values. Excludes additional DMA income or portfolio value movements. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tritax Big Box Reit (BBOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 36 minutes ago STV Group 45 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and