BETA Close X GlobalData Plc has announced a new share buyback programme of up to £5 million, commencing on 23 June 2026, with the objective of returning surplus capital to shareholders and reducing the company's share capital. The programme will see repurchased ordinary shares cancelled and is authorised by shareholders to purchase up to 75,721,663 ordinary shares, with purchases conducted on the London Stock Exchange under specific regulatory parameters. The maximum price per share will be 105% of the average market quotation for the preceding five business days, and the minimum price is £0.0001. Investec Bank plc has been appointed to conduct the buyback programme on a non-discretionary basis. Disclaimer* GlobalData PLC 23 June 2026 23 June 2026 GlobalData Plc ('GlobalData' or 'the Company') Launch of new £5 million Share Buyback Programme GlobalData Plc is pleased to announce a new share buyback programme of up to a maximum consideration of £5 million (the 'Share Buyback Programme'), within certain pre-set parameters. The purpose of the Share Buyback Programme is to return surplus capital to shareholders and reduce the Company's share capital. As such, all Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company under the Share Buyback Programme will be cancelled. The Share Buyback Programme is expected to commence on 23 June 2026. The Share Buyback Programme will be effected under the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting to purchase a maximum of 75,721,663 Ordinary Shares, taking into account the Company's previous share buyback activity. Any purchases of Ordinary Shares by the Company under the Share Buyback Programme will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange in compliance with the relevant conditions for trading, restrictions regarding time and volume, disclosure and reporting obligations, and price conditions. The Share Buyback Programme will be carried out in accordance with the parameters prescribed by the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (as it forms part of UK law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and Chapter 12 of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules. The Company may repurchase up to 25% of this average daily volume. The maximum price paid per Ordinary Share will be no more than an amount equal to 105 per cent. of the average middle market quotations for an Ordinary Share, as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List, for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which the Ordinary Share is purchased. The minimum price that may be paid is £0.0001 per share. GlobalData has entered into non-discretionary arrangements with Investec Bank plc ('Investec') to conduct the Share Buyback Programme on its behalf. The Company will make further regulatory announcements in respect of repurchases of Ordinary Shares as required by UK MAR and the UK Listing Rules. -ENDS- ENQUIRIES GlobalData Plc 0207 936 6400 Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer Graham Lilley, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank Plc (Joint Broker) 0207 597 4000 Henry Reast Virginia Bull FTI Consulting (Financial PR) 0203 727 1000 Edward Bridges globaldata@fticonsulting.com Dwight Burden Emma Hall This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Globaldata (DATA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 41 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 41 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 41 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 41 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and