BETA Close X Mitie Group plc has acquired two European fire and security businesses, El Team Vest in Denmark and ABC Elektro in Norway, for a combined initial cash consideration of £8.1 million to enhance its data centre project capabilities. El Team Vest, acquired for approximately £7.6 million with potential deferred payments up to £4.0 million, generated £16.6 million in revenue and £3.2 million in EBITDA in the 12 months to December 2025. ABC Elektro, acquired for around £0.5 million with potential deferred payments up to £0.4 million, generated £2.7 million in revenue with break-even EBITDA in the same period. These acquisitions are expected to strengthen Mitie's position in the growing Nordic data centre market, supporting global clients like Microsoft, Google, and Equinix. Disclaimer* MITIE Group PLC 16 April 2026 16 April 2026 Mitie Group plc ​ LEI number: 213800MTCLTKEHWZMJ03 Mitie enhances its leading data centre projects capabilities with two infill acquisitions Mitie Group plc ("Mitie" or "the Group") announces that it has acquired two Fire & Security businesses - El Team Vest (Denmark) and ABC Elektro (Norway) - for a combined initial cash consideration of £8.1m [1] . These acquisitions enhance Mitie's projects and ongoing maintenance capabilities in the fast-growing European data centre fire & security systems market, where the Group has an established pipeline supporting leading global clients including Microsoft, Google and Equinix. El Team Vest, based in Horsens, Denmark, brings c.20 years of experience in the design, installation and maintenance of complex electrical works, including data and fibre networks, active fire and security systems, building management systems and high-voltage electrical connections. Recent projects include the design and installation of a complex electrical retrofit for Velux and turnkey electrical contracting for the new headquarters of ABB Group and DSV Logistics. ABC Elektro, based in Horten, Norway, is a fully accredited Fire & Security provider with complementary electrical capabilities including data connections and the installation of building management systems. The business focuses on commercial and construction customers and benefits from a strategic location serving the Oslo commercial district. The rapid expansion of generative AI and machine learning is driving substantial global investment into data centre capacity. The Nordics have emerged as one of Europe's most important hubs, benefiting from abundant renewable energy, grid capacity, a cool climate, and supportive regulatory frameworks. For hyperscale and colocation providers, the region is an increasingly attractive location for new developments. Mitie is active in the data centre market in the Nordics via one of its specialist Fire & Security businesses, GBE Converge (acquired in 2023; revenue c.£95m, of which c.30% in the Nordics), where we deliver projects to global clients including those mentioned above. With the financial backing of Mitie, the two acquired businesses (with a combined local workforce of c.100 colleagues) will deepen Mitie's capability across the region. El Team Vest will become Mitie's local Fire & Security Centre of Excellence, providing technical leadership, commercial governance and operational expertise. El Team Vest was acquired for an initial cash consideration of c.£7.6m 1 and deferred payments of up to £4.0m over three years, linked to performance. In the 12 months to 31 December 2025 the business generated revenue of £16.6m and EBITDA of £3.2m. ABC Elektro was acquired for an initial cash consideration of c.£0.5m 1 and deferred payments of up to £0.4m over three years. In the 12 months to 31 December 2025 the business generated revenues of £2.7m (break-even EBITDA after investments). Jason Buttle, Managing Director - Fire & Security Projects, said: "The acquisitions of El Team Vest and ABC Elektro strengthen our ability to deliver complex fire, security and electrical solutions across the Nordics, one of Europe's most important and fast‑growing data centre hubs. With Mitie's financial backing and their deep technical expertise, strong local reputations and track records supporting major commercial and technology clients, we expect these businesses to scale up our data centre offering. We look forward to welcoming their highly skilled colleagues to Mitie as we support our hyperscale and colocation customers in meeting the rapidly increasing demand for data centre capacity." For further information Kate Heseltine Group IR and Corporate Finance Director kate.heseltine@mitie.com Claire Lovegrove Director of Corporate Affairs claire.lovegrove@mitie.com Neil Bennett H/Advisors Maitland mitie@h-advisors.global +44 (0)790 000 0777 About Mitie: The Future of High Performing Places Founded in 1987, Mitie employs 84,000 colleagues and is the leading technology-led Facilities Management, Transformation and Compliance company in the UK. We are a trusted partner to blue-chip customers across the public and private sectors, working with them to transform their built estates, and the lived experience for their colleagues and customers, as well as providing data-driven insights to inform better decision-making. In each of our core services of engineering (hard services) and security and hygiene (soft services) we hold market leadership positions. We also deliver transformational projects in the areas of power and grid connections, building fit outs & modernisation, decarbonisation, fire safety & security and telecoms infrastructure, alongside compliance capabilities in fire safety & security and environmental services. Our sector expertise includes central government, critical national infrastructure, defence, financial services, healthcare & life sciences, immigration & justice, local government & education, retail & logistics, manufacturing and transport & aviation. We hold industry-leading ESG credentials, including a place on the CDP Climate change A List, and we have received multiple awards including Best Low Carbon Solution and Net Zero Carbon Strategy of the year. We have validated science-based targets that support our ambitions to reach Net Zero. We have been recognised as a UK Top Employer for the eighth consecutive year. We are also ranked 16th in the Top 100 Apprenticeship Employers and tenth in the Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers list. Find out more at www.mitie.com . [1] On a cash free, debt free basis with a normalised level of working capital This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mitie Group (MTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 36 minutes ago STV Group 45 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and