BETA Close X Tritax Big Box REIT plc has announced an update regarding the planning decision for its data centre at Manor Farm, Heathrow, with a decision from the Secretary of State now expected by July 7th. The company maintains that the probability of securing planning consent remains unchanged, and the Board will continue to update shareholders on the progress of this development, which is considered critical national infrastructure and supports the UK's digital strategy. Disclaimer* Tritax Big Box REIT plc 10 June 2026 Manor Farm Data Centre - planning timetable update 10 June 2026, Tritax Big Box REIT plc ("BBOX" or the "Company") notes from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government ("MHCLG") that a decision by Secretary of State on planning at the Company's data centre at Manor Farm, Heathrow is now expected to be issued on or before 7 July. The Government has designated data centres as critical national infrastructure, and this scheme strongly supports the UK's digital strategy. The probability of securing planning consent remains unchanged, and the Board will continue to keep shareholders informed as the planning process progresses. For further information, please contact: Tritax Group Colin Godfrey, CEO +44 (0) 20 7993 9640 Frankie Whitehead, CFO bigboxir@tritax.co.uk Ian Brown, Head of Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations Kekst CNC Tom Climie/Guy Bates +44 (0) 7760 160 248 / +44 (0) 7581 056 415 tritax@kekstcnc.com Notes: Tritax Big Box REIT plc (ticker: BBOX) is the largest listed investor in high-quality logistics warehouse assets and controls the largest logistics-focused land platform in the UK. Tritax Big Box targets attractive and sustainable returns for shareholders by investing in and actively managing existing built investments and land suitable for logistics development. The Company focuses on well-located, modern logistics assets, typically let to institutional-grade clients on long-term leases with upward-only rent reviews and geographic and client diversification throughout the UK. Additionally, having adopted a "power first" approach, the Company has recently secured its first data centre development opportunities (amounting to over 250MW), and has a pipeline of c.1-gigawatt of further opportunities, offering the potential to deliver exceptional returns on an accelerated basis. The Company is a real estate investment trust to which Part 12 of the UK Corporation Tax Act 2010 applies, is listed on the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct Authority and is a constituent of the FTSE 100, FTSE EPRA/NAREIT and MSCI indices. Further information on Tritax Big Box REIT is available at www.tritaxbigbox.co.uk The Company's LEI is: 213800L6X88MIYPVR714. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tritax Big Box Reit (BBOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 36 minutes ago STV Group 45 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and