Disclaimer* GlobalData PLC 30 September 2026 30 September 2026 GlobalData Plc (GlobalData; the Company) Directorate Change Further to the announcements on 2 March 2026 and 24 June 2026, GlobalData Plc (LSE: DATA.L), a leading data, insights and technology company, confirms that Graham Lilley stepped down as Chief Financial Officer and resigned as a director of the Company earlier today, 30 September 2026. The Company also confirms that Robert (Rob) Kingston, who joined the Group on 7 September 2026, was formally appointed to the Board as Chief Financial Officer earlier today, 30 September 2026. The Board would like to thank Graham for his significant contribution to the Group since joining in 2011, including his tenure as Chief Financial Officer since January 2018, and wishes him every success in the future. As previously announced, there are no disclosures to be made in accordance with UKLR 6.4.8 R of the UK Listing Rules in relation to Rob Kingston’s appointment, save that he served as a director of Keywords Studios Limited, which was formerly admitted to trading on AIM, from 1 July 2023 until his resignation from that position on 24 August 2026. -ENDS- ENQUIRIES GlobalData Plc 0207 936 6400 Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer Rob Kingston, Chief Financial Officer J.P. Morgan Cazenove (Joint Broker) 0203 493 8000 Bill Hutchings Mose Adigun Panmure Liberum (Joint Broker) 0203 100 2000 Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford Investec Bank plc (Joint Broker) Henry Reast 0207 597 5970 Virginia Bull FTI Consulting (Financial PR) 0203 727 1000 Edward Bridges globaldata@fticonsulting.com Dwight Burden Emma Hall This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Globaldata (DATA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and