BETA Close X ValiRx PLC announced that it, along with TwinEdge Bioscience and its subsidiary Inaphaea Biolabs, will present an abstract at the American Association of Cancer Research on April 22, 2026, detailing their work on integrating omics-driven digital avatars with patient-derived experimental models to accelerate precision oncology. Inaphaea was also invited to publish an editorial on patient-derived models in Drug Discovery World Spring 2026, and ValiRx co-authored an article in Epigenomics discussing how EZH2 inhibition enhances Carboplatin activity in aggressive-variant prostate cancer cell lines. The company's CEO has also presented data on oncolytic peptide formulations and participated in expert panels at recent conferences, highlighting the timely and relevant nature of their work, particularly concerning NAMs platforms and immune-oncology applications. Disclaimer* ValiRx PLC 24 March 2026 24 March 2026 ValiRx PLC ("ValiRx" or the "Company") ValiRx and TwinEdge to present Digital Twin data London, UK - ValiRx Plc (AIM: VAL), a life science company focusing on early-stage cancer therapeutics and women's health is pleased to announce that TwinEdge Bioscience ("TwinEdge "), ValiRx Plc ("ValiRx" ) and its wholly owned subsidiary Inaphaea Biolabs Ltd ("Inaphaea" ), will present an abstract at the American Association of Cancer Research in San Diego on 22 April 2026. The abstract, number 8679/23, titled " Integrating omics-driven digital avatars with patient-derived experimental models to accelerate precision oncology" will be published in an online-only supplement to the AACR journal Cancer Research on Friday, 3 April 2026. The abstract, jointly authored by TwinEdge, ValiRx and Inaphaea describes the work to establish a framework for predicting, testing, and refining precision-treatment strategies, integrating (i) data profiling of ValiRx's patient-derived cancer models, and (ii) construction of Digital Avatars using TwinEdge's modelling engine. Further details can be found online at https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/#!/21436/presentation/3310 . This is the first peer reviewed publication of the Company's PDC digitisation approach with TwinEdge. Inaphaea was also recently invited to submit an editorial article in the Drug Discovery World Spring 2026 edition. The article, titled "Rewriting the Oncology Playbook" , discusses how patient derived models can bridge the translational divide in oncology. The full article, published online, can be found at https://online.flippingbook.com/view/366735074/22/ . ValiRx has also co-authored an article titled " EZH2 inhibition enhances the activity of Carboplatin in aggressive-variant prostate cancer cell lines" in the peer reviewed journal Epigenomics with collaborators at the Open University, the University of Cambridge, Belgium Volition, the University of Basel, the Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Nagoya University, Lancaster University and the University of British Columbia. The article discusses how the activity of a standard of care drug, Carboplatin, can be enhanced with other treatment modalities for the treatment of aggressive prostate cancer. The full article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1080/17501911.2025.2453419 . ValiRx CEO, Dr Mark Eccleston has presented data on the potential host immune activating properties of its oncolytic peptide formulations and sat on expert panels at three recent conferences including the opening keynote presentation "Oncolytic Peptides - Turning Cold Tumors Hot" at the 6 th ACE Drug discovery summit, "OncoLytic Peptides - A novel Initiator of Immunogenic Cell Death for Immune Cell Recruitment" at the ImmunoMark Summit and " Reprogramming the Tumour microenvironment with a novel oncolytic peptide " at the Immuno-Oncology & Biomarker Summit 2026. Dr Eccleston will also be sitting on another expert panel discussing "Life Of A Peptide & Cross Modalities" at the Next Gen Biomed conference on 24 March 2026 alongside Hannah Bolt, Head of Peptide Discovery, Director, AstraZeneca, Alastair Hay, Vice President, Almac and Anders Dahlen, Senior Director, AstraZeneca chaired by Charles Johannes, co-founder & President of the Peptide Drug Hunding Consortium. Mark Eccleston, CEO of ValiRx commented " It's great to see the peer reviewed articles we're submitting with our various collaborators being accepted whilst also being invited to submit op-ed pieces to trade journals, present at leading industry conferences and sit on expert panels. This really shows that the work we're doing is timely and relevant, which is particularly true of our NAMs platforms and the immune-oncology applications for our oncolytic peptide programme. Having the opportunity to showcase our work in front of industry leaders in this way is vital to our partnering strategy . In particular, The AACR Annual Meeting is the focal point of the cancer research community, where scientists, clinicians, other health care professionals, survivors, patients, and advocates gather to share the latest advances in cancer science and medicine. The meeting will be well attended by all the major pharma companies providing a great platform to update the leading industry players on our various programmes. The relationship with TwinEdge has been extremely fruitful ." The Directors of the Company are responsible for the release of this announcement. *** ENDS *** Engage with the ValiRx management team directly by asking questions, watching video summaries and seeing what other shareholders have to say. Navigate to our Interactive Investor hub here: https://valirx.com/s/cc8ef3 For more information, please contact: Investor questions on this announcement We encourage all investors to share questions on this announcement via our investor hub https://valirx.com/link/yMQK4y ValiRx plc Dr Mark Eccleston, CEO Tel: +44 115 784 0026 www.valirx.com Mark.Eccleston@valirx.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (Nominated Adviser) Liam Murray / Ludovico Lazzaretti Tel: +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Shard Capital Partners LLP (Sole Broker) Damon Heath Tel: +44 (0) 20 7186 9000 V Formation (Public Relations) Lucy Wharton - Senior PR Executive Sue Carr - Director +44 (0) 115 787 0206 www.vformation.biz lucy@vformation.biz sue@vformation.biz Subscribe to our news alert service: https://valirx.com/s/f298d1 Notes for Editors About ValiRx ValiRx is a life science company focused on early-stage cancer therapeutics and women's health, accelerating the translation of innovative science into impactful medicines to improve patient lives. ValiRx provides the scientific, financial, and commercial framework for enabling rapid translation of innovative science into clinical development. Using its extensive and proven experience in research and drug development, the team at ValiRx selects and incubates promising novel drug candidates and guides them through an optimised process of development, from pre-clinical studies to clinic and investor-ready assets. ValiRx connects diverse disciplines across scientific, technical, and commercial domains, with the aim of achieving a more streamlined, less costly, drug development process. The team works closely with carefully selected collaborators and leverages the combined expertise required for science to advance. Lead candidates from ValiRx's portfolio are outlicensed or partnered with investors through ValiRx subsidiary companies for further clinical development and commercialisation. ValiRx listed on the AIM Market of the London Stock Exchange in October 2006 and trades under the ticker symbol: VAL. For further information, visit: www.valirx.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Valirx (VAL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 36 minutes ago STV Group 45 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and