GlobalData Plc

[m ama

*AD1K213S*

Company number 03925319

CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT

2023 Highlights . 3
Our Business

Principal Activity 5

Our Business Model 5
Chair’s Statement 8
Chief Executive’s Report 9
Chief Financial Officer's Report 14
Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties 26
Directors’ Section 172(1) Statement 33
Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement 38
Going Concern and Viability 42
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Directors 44

Corporate Governance Report 45

_ Environmental, Social and Governance 53

Audit Committee Report 57

Directors’ Remuneration Report 62

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 74
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 7
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Group

Consolidated Income Statement 88

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 89

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 90

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 91

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 92

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 93
Company

Company Statement of Financial Position 140

Company Statement of Changes in Equity 141

Notes to the Company Financial Statements 142
Advisers 150

Reliance on this document

Our Business Review on pages 3 to 25 has been prepared in accordance with the Strategic Report requirements of section
414C(2)(a) of the Companies Act 2006. The intention of this document is to provide information to shareholders and is not designed
to be relied upon by any other party or for any other purpose.

Forward-looking statements:

This document contains forward-looking statements which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available
to them at the time of approval of this report. In particular, all statements that express forecasts, expectations and projections with
respect to future matters, including trends in results of operations, margins, growth rates, overall market trends, the impact of interest
or exchange rates, the availability of financing, anticipated costs savings and synergies and the execution of GlobalData Plc’s
strategy, are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they
relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including a
number of factors outside of GlobalData Plc’s control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and
GlobalData Plc gives no undertaking to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard
thereto or any changes to events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2023 HIGHLIGHTS

[Key performance metrics 2023 2022 Growth Underlying growth!
Revenue , £273.1m £243.2m +12% +7%
(Operating profit £73.7m £56.0m +32%

|Operating profit margin 27% 23% +4 pts

Adjusted EBITDA’ £110.8m £86.4m +28%

{Adjusted EBITDA margin’ 41% 36% +5 pts

[Statutory profit before tax (PBT) £41.5m £38.4m 48%

[Earnings per share (EPS) 3.8p 3.8p? -

Adjusted EPS’ 6.8p 6.1p? +11%

{Total dividends. 4.6p 3.6p? +28%

lInvoiced Forward Revenue’ £135.2m £133.5m +1% +4%
INet bank debt* £243.9m £249.6m -2%

Financial Highlights

Strong growth in both revenue and profit
o The full year impact of acquisitions augmented underlying revenue progression, to report overall
revenue growth of 12%.
o Robust underlying revenue growth of 7% (2022: 10%) was underpinned by subscriptions which
represented 79% of total revenues (2022: 81%).
o Significant Adjusted EBITDA margin expansion to 41% (2022: 36%).
Adjusted EBITDA up 28% to £110.8m (2022: £86.4m).
Statutory PBT grew by £3.1m to £41.5m (2022: £38.4m) an 8% increase on prior year.
Operating cash flow grew by 18% to £101.0m (2022: £85.4m).
Invoiced Forward Revenue grew to £135.2m (underlying growth of 4%) at 31 December 2023 (31 December
2022: £133.5m).
Enter FY24 with c.80% visibility (contracted and renewable revenues) of budgeted revenues.
Total dividends grew by 28% to 4.6p (2022: 3.6p restated’).

Operational Highlights

Completed our Growth Optimisation Plan a year earlier than expected via four key pillars:
o Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility

In December, launched our new Growth Transformation Plan 2024-2026, continuing to use the same
four pillar framework
© Transformational growth initiatives set GlobalData up for future success:
« Three customer focused divisions from FY24: Healthcare, Consumer and Technology.
* — Accelerate our investment in Artificial Intelligence capability and make Artificial Intelligence central
to our strategy and operations.
= Invest in Sales global headcount.
= Invest in people, culture and talent.
= Invest in M&A capability and execution.

Announced a minority investment by Inflexion Private Equity Partners LLP (‘Inflexion’) for a 40%
stake in our Healthcare division, with anticipated completion in Q2 2024
© 40% sluke for expected net proceeds of £434m, valuing our Healthcare division at £1.115bn.
o Healthcare represents ~38% of Group FY23 revenues.
o GlobalData retains majority control and will continue to fully consolidate the Healthcare results post
completion.
© Transformational transaction that provides flexibility for value-creating M&A.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2023 HIGHLIGHTS (continued)

Current Trading and Outlook

e — Entering the new financial year from a position of strength in terms of revenue visibility and balance sheet.

¢ Initiatives to deliver accelerated growth - uncertainty driving demand for our ‘gold standard’ data, delivered
through our One Platform.

« Continued focused approach to cost management and capital discipline, including mitigating the impact of
inflation through advancements in technology and efficiency savings, whilst ensuring the business remains
appropriately invested for sustainable growth and systematic M&A activity.

¢ Clear financial targets for FY24 and beyond:

o Steadily progressing to 45% Adjusted EBITDA margin over the course of the plan period and
reinvesting into the Growth Transformation Plan; targeting high single to double-digit organic revenue
growth.

© Platform in place to accelerate inorganic growth opportunities across our three customer-focused
divisions.

o Target £500m of revenue by the end of 2026, through a combination of organic growth and M&A.

Note 1: Defined in the explanation of non-IFRS measures on page 25.
Note 2: The prior year comparatives for reported EPS, adjusted EPS and dividends have been restated to reflect the impact of the share-split, which

completed on 25 July 2023 (see note 12).

4

STRATEGIC REPORT
OUR BUSINESS

Principal Activity
The principal activity of GlobalData Plc and its subsidiaries (‘the Group’) is to provide business information in the form

of high-quality proprietary data, analytics, and insights to clients in multiple sectors.

Our Mission
To help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers.

Our Vision
To be the leading data, analytics, and insights platform for the world’s largest industries

Our Business Model

The Group provides services across a breadth of industry markets and functions, on a global scale on One Platform.
We have a clear philosophy of owning our own data and intellectual property, and seek to be a long-term, strategic
partner to our clients, by serving their critical activities with a differentiated, ‘gold standard’ offering.

The solutions we provide are centred around highly proprietary data and are embedded into our customers’ workflows,
which drives high customer retention. The Group benefits from significant operating leverage due to a ‘build once,
sell multiple times’ business model, which drives significant margin expansion.

Our clients typically subscribe for 12 months’ access. This approach drives the following business model attributes:

e Recurring revenue — highly recurring subscription revenue, with high retention and revenue visibility.

« High incremental margins — significant operating leverage due to “build once, sell multiple times” model,
and a largely fixed cost base.

* Strong cash flow generation — low capital requirements and mostly advance customer payments support
high cash flow conversion, working capital benefits and capacity for reinvestment.

* Scalable and defensible position — large, diversified opportunities with attractive tailwinds, strong
competitive moat and an agile, scalable company with One Platform.

The visible and recurring revenue base creates a resilient business model, with subscriptions making up
approximately 80% of revenue. The balance of our revenue is made up of ancillary services such as bespoke
consulting, single copy reports and events, all of which harness our core assets.

GlobalData’s client base is globally diversified, which reflects our globally relevant data assets and gives the Group
significant market opportunity.

The Group assesses potential M&A targets and looks for the same business model fundamentals in its targets, which
enables greater alignment and integration opportunities.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)
Capital Allocation
Our objective is to achieve long-term compounding growth and maximise shareholder returns. The Group looks at
resources to deliver growth whilst also maintaining a focus on profitability.
GROWING OUR REVENUE - Ambition for +10% annual growth »

INCREASING OUR PROFITABILITY — Maintaining Adj. EBITDA Margin +40% »

+ Scalable Model + Technology Investment - Process Optimisation

Volume Renewal afja Value Renewal New Logo M&A

Cost Discipline

REINVEST AND RETURN CAPITAL

| Reinvestment _ Acquisitions >  Dividends/ Share buy-backs

INVESTING IN GROWTH CAPITAL RETURN

@)

Reinvestment

The Group benefits from
significant operating leverage
due to stable fixed costs and
a lower variable cost model
that generates long-term
margin expansion in an
accelerating revenue growth
environment.

We have a dynamic cost
base, which is largely people
focused, and has continued
innovation and. investment
embedded. This agility allows
us to direct our resources to
focus on underlying growth.

We have a low capital
intensity model: capital spend
typically represents 1% -
1.5% of revenue (2023: 1.5%,
2022: 1.1%).

wy

Acquisitions

MBA is a significant growth
strategy for our business.

Our scalable One Platform
infrastructure enables us to
efficiently integrate new
datasets and content
capabilities into our existing
vertical offerings or expand
our breadth into new
vertical markets, enabling
the Group to realise
synergies and value.

Our management team has
extensive experience of
acquiring and integrating
assets and we currently
have an active pipeline of
businesses that we are
assessing and the firepower
to execute.

We have an ambition of
increasing our scale,
through M&A, by adding
+10% of revenue each year
through new acquisitions.

oe

Dividends

The cash generative and
high margin nature of our
business provides good
optionality on capital
allocation. As a Board, we
feel committing to a
progressive dividend policy
demonstrates good
financial discipline and
careful stewardship.

a

Share Purchase

The Company has a policy
to try and limit the dilution of
its existing shareholders
created via the Group's
Long-Term Incentive Plans.
As at 31 December 2023,
the Group had 50.6m
‘options in issue and 37.9m
shares held in treasury
within the Group's
Employee Benefit Trust.

The Company may, from
time to time, use excess
cash (after investment and
dividend), to purchase
shares into treasury (within
the authorised = annual
limits).

The Group uses free-cash flow and debt to fund acquisitions and purchase shares for the Employee Benefit Trust
and targets an operating leverage of two to three times net leverage, being the multiple of Adjusted EBITDA (including
the pre-acquisition results of recent acquisitions) compared to net bank debt.

6

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Our Purpose — why do we exist?
In an increasingly fast-moving, complex and uncertain world, it’s becoming more important for businesses

and professionals to:

* — successfully predict and navigate the future;
make the right business decisions, at the right time; and
¢ — effectively find, win, and retain customers.

We want to help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers. We believe
Information and Technology are forces for good.

A snapshot of our Group as at 31 December 2023:

e 3,532 employees worldwide;
20 industry sector coverage; and
* 4,800 clients.

One Platform
Globa!Data’s One Platform model is the foundation of our strategic advantage and is the result of years of continuous
capital investment, targeted acquisitions, and organic development.

Our unified model governs everything we do, from how we develop and manage our products to our approach to
sales and customer success, as well as supporting business operations.

At its core, this approach integrates our entire universe of unique data, expert analysis, and innovative solutions into
One Platform, providing easy access to a complete and comparable view of the world’s largest industries.

As a result of our unified model, we can respond rapidly to changing customer needs and market opportunities, and
continuously manage and develop products quickly, at scale, with minimal capital investment, as well as integrate
acquisitions quickly and unlock synergies.

Growth Optimisation Plan
We launched our Growth Optimisation Plan in 2020, focussing on four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-Class

Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility.

« Customer Obsession
= Develop a trusted, global brand synonymous with delivering exceptional customer value and
service;
«= Develop a global community of engaged industry professionals; and
«= Maintain a customer-centric culture that informs our strategy, operating model, and business
decisions.
* World-Class Product oe : :
= Develop an integrated suite of winning propositions with clear competitive differentiation;
= Provide “must-have” capabilities that are integral to our clients and daily lives of professionals;
and
= Consistently lead the market in commercialising new product development and innovation.
« Sales Excellence
= Consistently deliver best-in-class sales productivity through targeted campaigns and tailored
sales enablement;
= Provide new salespeople with the structured on-boarding support required to accelerate “time-to-
target”; and
« Invest in the technology, people, and processes required to deliver exceptional experiences
across the customer journey.
« Operational! Agility
« — Use our unified operating model and One Platform to-create an integrated portfolio greater than
the sum of its parts;
= Ensure we have the organisational structure, capabilities (e.g. people, process, technology), and
high-performance culture to execute; and
= Provide effective portfolio-wide planning, business insight and performance reporting, and
governance.

We achieved the objectives of the Growth Optimisation Plan as we exited 2023, and launched our new Growth
Transformation Plan on 24 January 2024 which focuses on how we accelerate those key initiatives of the four
pillars.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

2023 was in many respects a transformational year for the Group. After successfully completing our long-term Growth
Optimisation Plan, a year earlier than planned, we have now established a new growth plan for the next three years.

We launched the Growth Transformation Plan in January 2024. This is the culmination of our desire to build upon the
strong work that we have performed to date and our drive to accelerate implementation of key initiatives such as:
getting closer to our clients, putting Artificial Intelligence at the centre of how we operate and investing in accretive
M&A. We will be speeding up the way in which we implement growth initiatives to meet our ambitions. | am confident
that the Growth Transformation Plan framework and the re-organisation of our business into three customer focused
divisions will help drive GlobalData towards its ambition of achieving annual high single to double-digit organic
revenue growth.

Alongside our FY24 re-organisation into three customer focused divisions, we announced (on 21 December 2023) a
minority investment by Inflexion for a 40% stake in our Healthcare division, expected to complete in Q2 2024.
Healthcare accounts for approximately 38% of the Group revenue. The deal highlights the significant value in our
business model, underpinned by the quality of our mission critical data and the importance our clients place on ‘must-
have data’. The transaction, for net proceeds of £434m, valued the Healthcare business at £1.115bn representing an
enterprise value/ EBITDA multiple of 22x (12 months to June 2023). Completion of the transaction will transform the
Group's balance sheet by repaying gross debt of £285m (£265m term loan and £20m RCF drawdown in January
2024) and leaving approximately £150m net cash. This will give the Group significant firepower for acquisitions as
well as opportunities to buy back shares. We look forward to welcoming Inflexion as investors and to pursuing growth
opportunities with them within the Healthcare division.

Sustainable Growth

At GlobalData, we are focused on our growth being both scalable and sustainable. We believe that there is a
significant opportunity in terms of Total Addressable Market (c.£20b) and we have set out the Growth Transformation
Plan as a strong framework to guide and measure our progress against that opportunity. As a Board we continue to
monitor the KPIs of the business and assess progress. We particularly focus on the volume renewal rates of the
business, which we see as a key guide to both our data quality and our customer focus. We are pleased with the
progress that we have made over the past four years, but still see a significant opportunity to increase our current
rate of 84% (>£20k clients) to our ambition of at least 90%.

We continue to improve and evolve our climate-related governance and reporting efforts, which includes disclosure
of our Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement on page 38. We await the publication of our target from
SBTi and have also increased the prominence of climate in our risk and strategy processes. Our climate discussions
will continue in 2024, which will encompass the review, monitoring, and discussion of climate-related financial risks
and opportunities as well as wider sustainability matters. .

The Board continues to place utmost importance on the fact that we have the governance and structures in place to
fully support the Executive Directors and Senior Leadership Team to succeed and ultimately maximise shareholder
return. The Board acted as sound advisors and offered healthy challenge throughout negotiations on the Healthcare
deal with Inflexion.

During 2024 we will cofnmence the succession planning process to identify the right candidate to take over my position
as Chair, as | approach my ninth anniversary on the Board (in Q1 2025). GlobalData has progressed significantly in
that period and the focus on the succession planning will be to leave the Board well equipped to continue the progress
that we have made and further support the business on its exciting trajectory.

Dividend

We are pleased to propose a final dividend of 3.2 pence per share (2022 restated: 2.6 pence), to be paid on 26 April
2024 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 22 March 2024. The ex-dividend date will be on 21
March 2024. The proposed final dividend increases the total dividend for the year to 4.6 pence per share (2022
restated: 3.6 pence), an increase of 28%.

With a strong finish to our Growth Optimisation Plan and clear plans to move forward with our next phase via the new
Growth Transformation Plan, we enter 2024 in a strong position and are confident about the outlook ahead.

Hoy bag

Murray Legg
Chair
4 March 2024

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT

We said 2023 would be a year of ‘leveraging the platform’, where we intended to capitalise on the multiple levers
open to us to create growth. I’m pleased to report that we have done just that and more.

Uncertainty continues to drive demand for our mission-critical data. Not only have we invested in scaling our One
Platform to make it the best it can be, but we also continue to nurture and bring in talent and expertise to bolster our
offering. Out of our 320 datasets, 290 are proprietary and unique to us. This valuable proprietary IP which no one
else has is what sets us apart and enables our 4,810 clients, many of whom are large, blue chips to make critical and
informed decisions in real time.

FY23 Performance 270 50%
With a continued strong performance throughout S$
the year, GlobalData successfully delivered its 250 40% &
near-term financial target of at least 40% Adjusted 230 2
EBITDA margin. The margin progression since 30% 3
FY20 is symptomatic of our largely fixed cost base & 210 5
and high operational gearing, as well as structured 190 20%
integration and synergy realisation in our 2
acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 28% to 170 | i 10% 3
£110.8m (2022: £86.4m) and operating profit grew | 150 0% 2
by 32% to £73.7m (2022: £56.0m). Statutory profit

before tax grew by 8% to £41.5m (2022: 30am), FY20 Fraa Fy22 Fy23

tants FES om oe EIT en) and net finance fmm Organic mmm Incremental M&A <meEBITOA Margin

In FY23 revenue was £273.1m (2022: £243.2m), reflecting growth of 12%, which included 7% underlying growth.
Whilst the 7% underlying growth was less than our double-digit target, we remain confident in our key growth levers
and are investing in our product and sales resources during FY24 and continue our ambition to target high single to
double-digit organic revenue growth over the longer term.

Subscription revenue, which represents 79% of total revenue (2022: 81%), grew by 9% and 7% on an underlying
basis. We continued to see strong renewal rates across our (>£20k) subscription clients, on a volume basis our
renewal rates were 84% (2022: 84%). A slight reduction in price increases and upsell growth' (which also directly
impacted revenue growth), as well as the impact of currency in Q4 2023, meant that there was a small reduction in
value renewal rates to 94% (2022: 101%). This is on the back of strong pricing growth through 2022.

We enter the new financial year with c.80% revenue visibility for FY24. Securing multi-year contracts remains our key
focus.

Growth Optimisation Plan

Over the last four years, our Growth Optimisation Plan moved the business forward in multiple ways. Executing on
our four strategic pillars, we have built a world-class, multi-industry platform mission critical data, analytics and insights
across 20 industries that is scalable and is ideally positioned to integrate new datasets and content into our existing
vertical offering or expand our breadth into new vertical markets.

Through our relentless focus on our key growth areas — Customer Obsession, World Class Product, Sales Excellence
and Operational Agility - we have scaled GlobalData to deliver £273.1m of revenues in FY23 and in executing the
plan, generated significant value for the Group through focused initiatives and delivery against both organic and
inorganic objectives.

Revenue on an organic basis grew by CAGR 9% FY20-FY23, with additional revenue from M&A (~£40m) delivering
an overall revenue CAGR of 15%.

1) Customer Obsession
Through our ongoing focus on customers, we have fostered strong relationships which took our total customer number
to 4,810, with growth coming from larger clients (>£20k). We have set a target to increase the volume of renewal
rates to more than 90% over the medium term, having delivered 84% in FY2023.

With Artificial Intelligence advancements helping to drive customer success, our customer engagement intelligence
is helping us to target specific recommendations for clients such as flagging relevant content and customising
solutions. Initiatives are constantly underway to ensure our people are engaging with customers as much as possible,
to understand customer needs in order to pivot towards a more solutions-based approach. The combination of
Artificial Intelligence and human expertise sets us apart from peers.

‘Selling more seats and product to existing customers

» STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT (continued)

2) World Class Product
Our continued investment in Artificial Intelligence has enhanced our customer proposition, and we are excited about
the opportunity to improve usability, driving even greater customer engagement in the years ahead. We have a clear
Artificial Intelligence roadmap focused on the four areas of usability, automation, new products and internal processes
all of which supported our Growth Optimisation Plan.

This year significant expansion of Artificial Intelligence coverage has been underway. The team is focused on
continuously improving our products with an ‘Al Hub’ launched in Q4, providing natural language Q&A and dataset
access. Artificial Intelligence powered prompt cards have been developed to generate reports in real-time for our
clients, giving them timely access to solutions to complex requests improving client user experience and satisfaction.

3) Sales Excellence
Our sales teams are focused on pulling key levers for growth with an ambitious target to take our volume renewal
rate in our larger clients (>£20k) from 84% to over 90%, through increasing client engagement and enhancing client
and user experience. During the year, in addition to selling more seats and product to existing customers, we had a
net increase in the number of larger clients (>£20k) to 2,703 (2022: 2,632), a year-on-year increase of 3%. Our value
renewal rate stood at 94%. Our Invoiced Forward Revenue position and new business pipeline remain healthy, and
with investment in new sales roles, we are well placed to drive forward and deliver on sales excellence.

We are increasingly using Artificial Intelligence driven tools across a number of areas to retain existing clients and
grow our partnerships as well as win new clients. Actively using Artificial Intelligence tools to monitor the health of our
client relationships, as well as to help coach our sales teams, to personalise the selling process and to increase co-
ordination across our teams, is producing tangible results.

In 2023, having launched the ‘Decoded’ GlobalData newsletter we now have over 750,000 newsletter subscribers.

As we become ever more embedded into our clients’ business activities, we continue to see a significant opportunity
to add greater value to our existing clients, including via sales synergies in acquired businesses. Our addressable
market is substantial. We believe there are more than 125,000 client opportunities, compared to our existing 4,810
customers, with significant latent growth potential in the US and professional services markets.

4) Operational Agility
We remain focused in our approach to cost management, resource allocation and capital discipline, whilst also
ensuring the business remains appropriately invested for sustainable growth, and strategic M&A activity. We are a
highly cash generative business, and our business model remains attractive to credit providers due to our ability to
deleverage quickly. This gives us access to capital to fund acquisitions to scale our business.

Our growth has been maintained by our continued focus on M&A, with eight acquisitions completed during the plan,
and 25 since 2015. As well as our commitment to continuous organic investment in our product, the recent acquisitions
of Life Sciences, LMC, MBI and TS Lombard have all added high value data and insights to our platform. The launch
of new Themes proposition across all Intelligence Centers significantly improved macro themes coverage, provided
by TS Lombard.

A transformative deal in our Healthcare business

On 21 December 2023, Inflexion Private Equity Partners LLP (‘Inflexion’) exchanged on a transaction to acquire a
40% minority shareholding in GlobalData’s Healthcare division and is expected to generate net proceeds at
completion of approximately £434m. The investment by Inflexion, a leading investor in the sector, represents a strong
endorsement and provides a meaningful partner to accelerate the Healthcare division’s growth.

Whilst the deal underscores the value of GlobalData’s assets and an implied value for our Healthcare division of
£1,115m, it will also enable us to:

¢ Increase investment in product development and Artificial Intelligence;
e — Strengthen our balance sheet;

¢ Provide additional flexibility to accelerate value-creating M&A across the Group; and
e — Continue investing in our talent development and pipeline.

The deal is expected to close by the end of Q2 2024, upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent set out within the
share options agreement.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT (continued)

New Growth Transformation Plan — 2024 to 2026
Having completed our Growth Optimisation Plan earlier than expected, we are now focused on our next growth
chapter.

Following a detailed review of our growth opportunity, we announced our new Growth Transformation Plan alongside
our transformative deal in December, which will significantly expand GlobalData's scale. This is building on the good
foundational work done to date and further accelerating implementation.

Building on our success to date, demonstrating resilience in a challenging market environment and with multiple
levers for growth, we will be focusing on:

* Getting even closer to our customers;

« Targeting a hugely material organic growth opportunity (a total addressable market of c.£20 billion);

« Adopting transformational Artificial Intelligence; and

e — Investing in transformational M&A.

BALDATA (2024+)

GLOBALDATA HEALTHCARE GLOBALDATA CONSUMER

‘Underpinned by our four key growth pillars: }

CUSTOMER OBSESSION WORLD CLASS PRODUCTS SALES EXCELLENCE OPERATIONAL AGILITY

1.cus RIVEN RE-ORG 4, 2024 PRODUCT ENHANCEMENTS. ‘6. ORGANIC VALUE CREATION PLAN 7. MBA PLAN,

GLOBALDATA TECHNOLOGY

2. CUSTOMER-FOCUSED SOLUTIONS 5. SIGNIRCANT Al INVESTMENTS

3. STRONGER CUENT ENGAGEMENT C100
PEOPLE & CULTURE
TECHNOLOGY & Al

Delivering sustainable growth across our three customer-focused divisions

REVENUES C. £100M" REVENUES C. £95M* REVENUES C. £80M*

2023: ORGANIC GROWTH HIGH SINGLE DIGIT 2 IC GROWTH HIGH SINGLE DIGIT 2023: ORGANIC GROWTH MID SINGLE DIGIT

‘CURRENT MARGIN EXPECTATIONS >50%** CURRENT MARGIN EXPECTATIONS ¢.40%"* CURRENT MARGIN EXPECTATIONS >30%**

‘Based upon 2023 Revenue
‘+ Giead upon 2024 Adjusted EBITDA margin expectations

1) Customer Obsession remains our number one priority

We strive to be the ‘go-to’ strategic partner to our end-markets and deliver exceptional value to our customers. As we
seek to elevate our customer-focused approach throughout the Group and drive value-enhancing revenue and margin
expansion, we reorganised our structure at the beginning of FY24 to create three new customer-focused business
divisions:

Healthcare, Consumer and Technology.

Our market-led divisions have dedicated teams with individual management accountable for delivering against our
new plan. Our sales and product teams remain focused on targeting specific end-markets, whilst having access to
our Group technology and platform capabilities, plus support from our corporate teams.

This reorganisation will be underpinned by the move to a solution-based sales model, where the combination of our
Artificial Intelligence capability and proprietary data enables us to provide comprehensive intelligence solutions to our
customers more quickly and efficiently. Our realignment around customer solutions will bring new workflow tools and
‘new content sets with enhanced integration, providing the ability to improve the overall usability of our products and
customer experience.

Ultimately, we will focus on delivering significant increase in client engagement across all teams. Whilst expanding
our sales force, we are also going to increase analyst engagement, with a view to take our analyst-client interactions
to more than 30,000 in 2024 (vs 20,000 in 2023), and consultant-client interactions to more than 20,000 in 2024 (vs
8,000 in 2023)

Looking ahead, we remain laser focused on progressing our key different areas of Customer Obsession.

11

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REPORT (continued)
2) Continued focus on investment in product development and Artificial Intelligence capability

As part of our renewed focus on growth acceleration, we will continue to create value through product development.
As such, our investment will be evenly spread across core product enhancements and Artificial Intelligence capability.

First and foremost, every year we will maintain a step change in the product capabilities that we have, by adding extra
functions and capabilities to our offering. We will also be focusing on enhancing and expanding our proprietary data
offering, and we are already seeing a 27% increase in proprietary data.

Our competitive differentiation is a key value driver, and we continuously invest in new data types. Since 2019, we
saw a c.40% growth in high-value statistical data assets.

Since 2017, our successful track record of investing in Artificial Intelligence to drive usability, automation, new product
development and internal process improvement provides a strong foundation to build on. We have a comprehensive
Artificial Intelligence strategy and product roadmap to improve productivity and enhance customer experience. Our
Artificial Intelligence driven tool ‘Al Hub’ launched in Q4, is providing natural language Q&A and dataset access to
our customers, and has received positive feedback. It also has the potential to accelerate sales growth with new
accounts. We are also developing Artificial Intelligence powered prompt cards to generate reports in real-time,
reducing analyst time and improving client satisfaction.

Underpinning all that, we are looking to improve our data science and Artificial Intelligence teams to deliver the next
phase of growth. We are upskilling our workforce with Artificial Intelligence training sessions tailored to functional
roles and planning to have 300 Artificial Intelligence experts employed by GlobalData by 2025. Currently, we have
around 300 software specialists, of which around 50 are focusing on Artificial Intelligence.

3) Maintaining our sales excellence to drive organic growth

In addition to product enhancements, our sales teams are also being set up to capture the significant market
opportunity through our organic value creation plan. This will be underpinned by our continuous focus on increasing
volume renewal rates to our 90% ambition, with a c.10% contribution to year-on-year sales growth.

There are multiple levers we can pull. Focusing on price increases and product improvements, selling more seats as
part of our licencing model, product upsell and cross-sell opportunities, and increased néw logo sales will help drive
success here. We expect new logo wins to deliver c.30% contribution to year-on-year sales growth, and we consider
there is headroom for growth in all areas; we have identified around 125,000 prospects, whilst currently we have
4,810 customers.

This will be supported by a rigorous focus on execution and performance management, supported by significant
investment in expanding our front-line sales teams. We are targeting more than 150 additional salespeople during
the Growth Transformation Plan to deliver on our promises.

4) Maintaining our operational agility through strategic M&A

We have a strong track record of highly accretive M&A. The planned investment by Inflexion in our Healthcare
business will provide us with the ability and firepower to support strategic, value-enhancing acquisitions across the
three business divisions.

With an ongoing disciplined approach to cost, the transformational Inflexion deal will take the Group from 2.2x Net
Leverage to a Net Cash position of c.£184m. Post-completion, the Group will have a strong balance sheet to fund
strategic M&A and additional free cash flow to reinvest in the business. As appropriate, it also retains the flexibility to
conduct share buy backs.

Our Colleagues

Our year of ‘leveraging the platform’ has been very successful and that has been driven by the continued focus and
dedication of our growing GlobalData team. Together, we have achieved remarkable milestones and surpassed
expectations, completing our Growth Optimisation Plan a year early. As we continue to invest in our people's
development, we turn our attention to the next phase of our growth via our new Growth Transformation Plan — where
we will accelerate the speed at which we execute — and expect to celebrate further achievements in 2024 and beyond.

By nurturing our team’s skills and expertise, particularly around Artificial Intelligence, our colleagues will undoubtedly
play a pivotal role in shaping the future of GlobalData. | would like to take the opportunity to welcome our new
colleagues and thank all my GlobalData team for their passion and determination to not only stay ahead of the curve
but also ensure that our customers receive unparalleled value.