TT ll

‘1082028 .
7 COMPANIES HOUSE

(§) GlobalData.

2024 Highlights

Key performance metrics

Revenue +5% Operating profit -12% Operating profit margin

£285.5m £65.1m 23%

(2023: £273.1m) (2023: £73.7m) (2023: 27%)

UNDERLYING GROWTH?: +4%

Adjusted EBITDA? +5% Adjusted EBITDA margin* Profit before tax (PBT) +32%

£116.8m 41% £54.9m

(2023: £110.8m) (2023: 41% (2023: £41.5m)

Earnings per share (EPS) Adjusted EPS* Total dividends

3.8p 7.5p 2.5p

(2023: 3.8p) (2023: 6.8p) (2023: 4.6p)

Contracted Forward Revenue’ +12% Net cash/(bank debt) -104%

£171.4m £10.1m

(2023: £153.4m) (2023: (£243.9m))

UNDERLYING GROWTH: +4%

Note 1: Defined in the explanation of non-IFRS measures on page 29.

“2024 was transformational
for GlobalData following
Inflexion’s significant
investment in June 2024,
which strengthened

our balance sheet and
accelerated our growth
strategy.”

— Mike Danson, Chief Executive

Reliance on this document

Our Business Review on pages 2 to 29 has been prepared in
accordance with the Strategic Report requirements of section
414C(2)(a) of the Companies Act 2006. The intention of this
document is to provide information to shareholders and is not
designed to be relied upon by any other party or for any other
purpose.

Forward-looking statements
This document contains forward-looking statements which are made
by the Directors in good faith based on information available to them
at the time of approval of this report. In particular, all statements that
express forecasts, expectations and projections with respect to future
matters, including trends in results of operations, margins, growth
rates, overall market trends, the impact of interest or exchange rates,
the availability of financing, anticipated costs savings and synergies
and the execution of GlobalData Plc’s strategy, are forward-looking
statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve

risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on
circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of
factors which could cause actual results and developments to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements, including a number of factors outside of GlobalOata

Plc’s control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made, and GlobalData Plc gives no undertaking to
update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its
expectations with regard thereto or any changes to events, conditions
or circumstances on which any such statement is bas

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024

Strategic Report / Directors’ Report / Auditor’s Report / Financial Statements

Contents

2024 Highlights

Strategic Report
Our Business
Principal Activity
Our Business Model
Chair’s Statement
Chief Executive's Report
Chief Financial Officer’s Report
Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties
Directors’ Section 172(1) Statement
Non-Financial and Sustainability Information
Statement
Going Concern and Viability

Directors’ Report

The Directors

Corporate Governance Report
Environmental, Social and Governance
Audit Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Repurt
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

Independent Auditor’s Report

Financial Statements

Group
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement ot Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Company
Company Statement of Financial Position
Company Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Company Financial Statements

Advisers

www.globaldata.com
Company No. 03925319

IFC

o

11
17
30
41

46
52

55

56
58
66
71
77
89

90

107

108
109
110
111
112
113

169
170
171

178

Strategic Report

perational Highligh

Significantifirst-yeanprogresslagainstoumthveesyeaGrowthyrransformation[elany
° pnccna db s Gebteto Eat [Inflexion|Brivatelequity]
(eInflexiong)|supportsimidsterm Suet geass [goalsy gaat gLossicashy
qoute Gost Precexistinsdebtyfacilities\tullysettlediand|extinguished|upony
Gencetstion compton,
° Firen srea Tiered with nem of imeem ences Cou earningtaccretive]
facquisitions\(Business)\lrade Medi ajinternationalquinkUpycelentand[Deallus)y
CimmrransformativelyeaninfAl,
Ci Oemonstrabletimpactyoucustomer saw ithroveg42200 MusersinowsubschiDedito)
[GlobalDatajsya libiubytransfonmingihowluser\discovemandrapplyainsightstinthergdallyy
quo themsemy

IShare/Buybackiprogrammes. Gueigenainis Goma SSO ces EID CO ishareholders;tay
Petr Sti Puyo ens Ho Ae

Ganemmer gat anata anno Lratm Conts usta to
cam

[completedyon}yMarcht2025athelacquisitiontof/Aljpatette|fonajpurchase)price)
ofS 1¥smyanyAlfRowered|consumeninsights|platformlofferinglanjinnovation]
Hnteiligencersolutionjtoythe(consumerpackaged|soodsisectory

Cis trongtsrowthtinjoothtrevenueland|profit{beforeltax LS NN
o Overall asvanus grout Of 8% et GAG. Son ORE: E27E.Lond,, witch includes some af
banat of eaqutdktons ens despite enncnay heeduinds cing tie year.

° a NE aS

CR Adjusted|E BIT DAlupls2ojtole116¢sm|(2023J6110:8m)yAdjusted|EBLLDAImargin}

Cae et CRW LOE OSE)
Pim Operatinelprofitideclinedpl2vqtoeootimnaving veenjimpacted|oycurrentiyeay
Sequim an ete seei=ncapaliiat RRR EE lontthelHealthcate

lincreasejinithelshare, basedipaymenticharges

° Pesala gaat Gite toGBdom GEE aRuont, ees ia co puto
Peay cei CALS PEM ANEINA CH) RESTATE ENIGS COE

° paren cach omy ara Seem lobes GetoomD) @ Carsicecis o? 66 cele cio
i eth ss SETAE es ae tse ISHAM OES ALD

° ontractar Gemvend Raven (acing fnvefand Gonna trem les eomtbeRstsd
frevenuelnotyetiinvoiced)srewibyr12etole1.7,164mi(20231£153¢4m)atherunderlyings
fgrowthofithisimetriciwasy4 oq

CME invoiced|qonwardRevenueferewtoe145r3sm\ underly ineterowthtotis6).at}3 December
20241(3\Decembe20231£1352In)y

° Siiguad caw Geom dn Ghemeling Celtis Gis the Graup elsatiieans Ghaprawer to
fexecutelits/Ma&Alstratesy]

SR c)pavoutndividendlecbasinetotocucycapitalon eau cinal dividend] cpoccd Ua

prorl202333°20)5

 GlobalData

Strategic Report / Directors’ Report / Auditor's Report / Financial Statements

Current Trading and Outloo

am Robustioutlooklisunderpinned)by,highllevels ‘of revenueyvisibilityygood executionlof]
[the;GrowthTransformation|planjand/a’strong financial'positionithatjallows continued]
linvestmentinistrategic growth opportunities’

(RaClearfinancialtargets forEY25 andibeyond:

IlatformlinJplaceltofaccelerateforganicfandjinorganicierowthlopportunitiestacrosslourg
fiwofcustomergfoctsed(divisionsy

yar eeting annualisedjrevenueso|£ 500mpbythesendioft202oxthroughrarcombinationlofy
Righfsinglestodoublegdigitorganicjrevenuelsrowthland| M&A
Steadilyfprogressingitowardsy4 5 %tAdjusted|EB. maar sn ver droeouEa ote

wthaTransformation

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our Business

\/
wy

Principal Activity Our Mission
GlobalData Plc (together with its To help our clients
subsidiaries, ‘the Group’) is a data, insight, decode the future, make
and technology company that provides better decisions, and
decision-makers across the world’s most
successful companies with the intelligence
to act with conviction. Our connected
platform uniquely integrates proprietary
data, expert insight, and purpose-built AI
into a unified operating system that powers
the next generation of intelligence solutions.

Our Vision
To be the leading data,
analytics, and insights

platform for the world’s
reach more customers. largest industries.

20+

industry sector
coverage

(2023: 20) 4,900+

clients
(2023: 4,800+)

(Q\Glowalbata!

Agrpintciow
Crmpeset -.
£3-NDecembeg2024}

3,740

employees
worldwide
(2023: 3,532)

© Globalbata.

Our Business Model

Strategic Report / Directors’ Report / Auditor's Report / Financial Statements

The Group provides solutions across a breadth of industry
markets and functions, on a global scale on a single connected
platform. Our connected platform uniquely integrates
proprietary data, expert insight, and purpose-built Al into a
unified operating system that powers the next generation of
intelligence solutions.

Our solutions are used by organisations and decision-makers
across any industry to generate growth, build resilience, and
navigate a sustainable path to a more successful future.

Our clients typically subscribe for 12 months’
access. This approach drives the following
business model attributes:

Scalable and
defensible position
Large, diversified
opportunities with
attractive tailwinds, strong
competitive moat and an
agile, scalable company
with One Platform.

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024

Recurring
revenue
Highly recurring
subscription revenue,
with high retention and
revenue visibility.

Strong cash flow generation
Low capital requirements and
mostly advance customer.payments
support high cash flow conversion,
working capital benefits and
capacity for reinvestment.

The visible and recurring revenue base creates a resilient
business model, with subscriptions making up approximately
80% of revenue. The balance of our revenue is made up of
ancillary services such as bespoke consulting, single copy reports
and events, all of which harness our core assets.

GlobalData’s client base is globally diversified, which reflects
our globally relevant data assets and gives the Group significant
market opportunity.

The Group assesses potential M&A targets and looks for the
same business model fundamentals in its targets, which enables
greater alignment and integration opportunities.

High incremental margins
Significant operating
leverage due to “build
once, sell multiple times”
model, and a largely fixed
cost base.

STRATEGIC REPORT

Ou r Business (continued)

Capital Allocation

Our objective is to achieve long-term compounding growth and maximise shareholder returns. The Group looks at resources to
deliver growth whilst also maintaining a focus on profitability.

GROWING OUR REVENUE - Ambition for high single/double digit annual organic growth

Volume Renewal

Value Renewal

New Loge

INCREASING OUR PROFITABILITY — Adj. EBITDA margin ambition to progress towards 45%

Cost st Discipline

Scalable Model

Technology Investment

Process Optimisation

REINVEST AND RETURN CAPIT:

Reinvestment

Acquisitions

Dividends /Share Buybacks

Reinvestment

The Group benefits from
significant operating leverage
due to stable fixed costs and a
lower variable cost model that
generates long-term margin
expansion in an accelerating
revenue growth environment.

We have a dynamic cost base,
which is largely people focused,
and has continued innovation
and investment embedded. This
agility allows us to direct our
resources to focus on underlying
growth,

We have a low capital intensity
model: capital spend typically
represents 1% — 1.5% of
revenue (2024: 2.5%, 2023:
1.5%). The increase in 2024
reflected additional investment
in the Growth Transformation
Plan activities, such as the
solutions product development.

Acquisitions

M&A is a significant growth
strategy for our business.

Our scalable One Platform
infrastructure enables

us to efficiently integrate

new datasets and content
capabilities into our existing
vertical offerings or expand
our breadth into new verticat

markets, enabling the Group to

realise synergies and value.

Our management team has
extensive experience of
acquiring and integrating assets
and we currently have an active
pipeline of businesses that we
are assessing and the financial
firepower to execute.

We have an ambition of
increasing our scale, through
M&A.

Dividends

The cash generative and high
margin nature of our business
provides good optionality on
capital allocation. As a Board, we
feel committing to a progressive
dividend policy demonstrates
good financial discipline and
careful stewardship.

From 1 July 2024, the Group
has rebased the dividend which
reduces the payout of dividend

from this date. This reflects
the completion of the Inflexion
investment in the Healthcare
division and focuses more free
cash flow on acquisitions.

=

Share Purchase

The Company has a policy to
try and limit the dilution of its
existing shareholders created via
the Group's Long-Term Incentive
Plans. As at 31 December 2024,
the Group had 45.4m options
in issue and 52.9m shares held
in treasury within the Group's
Employee Benefit Trust.

Additionally, the Company
may, from time to time, use
excess cash (after investment
and dividend), to purchase
shares into treasury (within the
authorised annual limits).

The Group uses free-cash flow and debt to fund acquisitions and purchase shares for the Employee Benefit Trust and targets net
debt leverage no greater than 2-3 times of Adjusted EBITDA, being the multiple of Adjusted EBITDA (including the pre-acquisition
results of recent acquisitions) compared to net bank debt.

& GlobalData.

Our Purpose - why do we exist?

Strategic Report / Directors’ Report / Auditor's Report / Financial Statements

Perspective when it matters.

When faced with an overwhelming volume of conflicting and
misleading information in today’s complex world, GlobalData
provides a deeper, trusted perspective.

Our role is to provide our customers with intelligence that
empowers their decision-makers to navigate a path toa more
successful future.

We want to help our clients decode the future, make better
decisions, and reach more customers. We believe Information
and Technology are forces for good.

One Platform

GlobalData’s connected platform model is the foundation of
our strategic advantage and is the result of years of continuous
capital investment, targeted acquisitions, and organic
development.

Our unified model governs everything we do, from how we
develop and manage our products to our approach to sales and
customer success, as well as supporting business operations.

Atits core, this approach integrates our entire universe of
unique data, expert analysis, and innovative solutions into One
Platform, providing easy access to a complete and comparable
view of the world’s largest industries.

Asa result of our unified model, we can respond rapidly to
changing customer needs and market opportunities, and
continuously manage and develop products quickly, at
scale, with minimal capital investment, as well as integrate
acquisitions quickly and unlock synergies.

Growth Transformation Plan

We launched our Growth Transformation Plan in 2024, which
focuses on four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-Class
Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility.

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024

Customer Obsession

+ Develop a trusted, global brand synonymous with
delivering exceptional customer value and service;

+ Develop a global community of engaged industry
professionals; and

+ Maintain a customer-centric culture that informs our
strategy, operating model, and business decisions.

World-Class Product

+ Develop an integrated suite of winning propositions with
clear competitive differentiation;

+ Provide “must-have” capabilities that are integral to our
clients and daily lives of professionals; and

+ Consistently lead the market in commercialising new
product development and innovation.

Sales Excellence
+ Consistently deliver best-in-class sales productivity

through targeted campaigns and tailored sales
enablement;

+ Provide new salespeople with the structured on-boarding
support required to accelerate “time-to-target”; and

+ Invest in the technology, people, and processes required
to deliver exceptional experiences across the customer
journey.

Operational Agility

+ Use our unified operating model and One Platform to
create an integrated portfolio greater than the sum of its
parts;

+ Ensure we have the organisational structure, capabilities
(e.g. people, process, technology), and high-performance
culture to execute; and

+ Provide effective portfolio-wide planning, business insight
and performance reporting, and governance.

Chair’s
Statement

“The GTP was launched in
January 2024 as a framework
to deliver long-term sustainable
and scalable growth on the
back of exiting 2023 ina

strong financial position, with
significant revenue visibility a
impressive Adjusted EBITDA
margin, as well as a significant
opportunity in terms of Total
Addressable Market (c.£20bn).”

— Murray Legg, Chair

Murray Legg, Chair

Dear Shareholders,

As I reflect on 2024, I am pleased to report that GlobalData
has made substantial progress in executing our Growth
Transformation Plan (“GTP”), which we launched at the
beginning of the year. This ambitious programme initially
focused on organisational transformation and bringing in
additional talent to help lead and drive the GTP and we ended
the year by completing four new acquisitions, each bringing
an invaluable capability and talent onto our platform.

The success of our transformation journey is dependent

on the dedication and expertise of our global team. We

have invested heavily in talent development and cultural
transformation, ensuring our organisation remains agile and
innovative. A significant amount of Board focus has been to
review the roll-out of the GTP across the business and, in
particutar, overseeing the acquisition of key leadership talent
into the business. I am pleased with the progress we have
made in the early stages of our transformation journey, and I
am looking forward to continuing to deliver against the plan.

Growth Transformation Plan

The GTP was launched in January 2024 as a framework

to deliver long-term sustainable and scalable growth on

the back of exiting 2023 in a strong financial position, with
significant revenue visibility and impressive Adjusted EBITDA
margin, as well as a significant opportunity in terms of

Total Addressable Market (c.£20bn). The completion of the
minority sale of our Healthcare division (completed 28 June
2024) transformed the balance sheet by repaying debt and
delivering significant headroom to fund our M&A ambition.

 GlobaiData.

Strategic Report / Directors’ Report / Auditor's Report / Financial Statements

Our GTP framework focuses on four key pillars: Customer
Obsession, World Class Product, Sales Excellence and
Operational Agility. 2024 was focused on accelerating
implementation of key initiatives such as: getting closer to our
clients, putting Artificial Intelligence at the centre of how we
operate and investing in accretive M&A, all underpinned by
investment in people and organisational transformation.

The financial results for 2024 do not reflect the impact of
‘some of the initiatives that we have launched in the year, as
we look more to the medium term to see noticeable benefits.
However, we have set some of the foundational areas of

the transformation journey and with the four completed
acquisitions and organic growth, we are scaling towards the
£500m revenue target as set last year for the end of 2026.

Board Succession and Sustainability

The Board continues to place utmost importance on having the
governance and structures in place to fully support the Executive
Directors and Senior Leadership Team to succeed and ultimately
maximise shareholder return. During 2024, the Board focused on
the launch of the GTP and that the right leadership is in place to
ensure the programme is set up for success.

Annette Barnes and Andrew Day were appointed as Non-
Executive Directors of GlobalData in February 2017. Annette
serves as Chair of the Company’s Remuneration Committee and
is also the Company's Senior Independent Director. Given that
their terms as recommended by the UK Corporate Governance
Code will expire in January 2026, the Company will shortly

be commencing a process to be led by myself to identify their
successors. It is intended that Annette’s successor as Chair of
the Remuneration Committee will be appointed in good time
during 2025 to ensure an orderly handover of Remuneration
Committee responsibilities. The Board will seek Annette’s and
Andrew's re-elections at the 2025 AGM.

Ijoined the Board as Non-Executive Director on 24 February
2016 and was appointed as Chair on 20 April 2021 and
therefore, as prescribed by provision 19 of the UK Corporate
Governance Code, my term should have expired on 24 February
2025. However, following a review led by the Senior Independent
Director, and as permitted by the UK Corporate Governance
Code, the Board recommended a limited extension of my term
as Chair, which I have accepted. The extension will facilitate
stability, consistency and governance across a large programme
of transformation (including succession planning for the Board
and Remuneration Committee) and the Board believe that this
is in the best interests of the Company and all its shareholders.
Therefore, I will be seeking re-election at the 2025 AGM.

We continue to improve and evolve our climate-related
governance and reporting efforts, which includes disclosure of
our Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement
on page 46. Our near-term reduction and Net Zero targets

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024

were validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
during 2024, confirming our robust approach to reducing GHG
emissions, and with independent experts, we have created

a roadmap of reductions to meet those targets. Our climate
discussions will continue in 2025, which will encompass the
review, monitoring, and discussion of climate-related financial
risks and opportunities as well as wider sustainability matters.

Looking Ahead

As we move into 2025, the Board remains confident in

our strategic direction and the opportunities ahead. The
foundations we have laid through the Growth Transformation
Plan position us well to capture the growing demand for
data-driven insights across all our market sectors.

We will continue to focus on accelerating organic growth,
exploring strategic acquisition opportunities, and delivering
increased value to our shareholders. The market for data and
analytics solutions continues to expand, and we are well-
positioned to capitalise on this growth

We have announced our intention to move to a premium listing
on the London Stock Exchange (Main Market). We believe that
this move will provide the Group with access to a wider pool of UK
and international capital that will support our long-term growth
ambitions and also reflect the progress that the Group has made
inits scale, business model and governance arrangements.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders
for their continued support, our clients for their trust in our
service offering, and our employees for their unwavering
commitment to excellence. The progress we have made in
2024 gives us confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable
growth and value creation in the years ahead.

Dividend

As noted in our half year results statement (published 31 July
2024), following on from the completion of the Healthcare
transaction and the strategy to focus more capital towards
M&A, we have rebased the dividend for the period from 1 July
2024. Therefore, we are pleased to propose a final dividend of
1.0 pence per share (2023: 3.2 pence per share), to be paid
on 2 May 2025 to shareholders on the register at the close of
business on 21 March 2025. The ex-dividend date will be on
20 March 2025. The proposed final dividend means that the
total dividend for the year is 2.5 pence per share (2023: 4.6
pence).

Hor bys

Murray Legg
Chair
10 March 2025

“As planned, 2024 was a significant
year of investment across our Growth
Transformation Plan initiatives.

We continued to invest in our AI
capabilities, as well as launching our
new client solutions offerings.”

— Mike Danson, Chief Executive

E