GlobalData Pic
Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025

www.globaldata.com

FRIDAY

wn

01/05/2026 #211
COMPANIES HOUSE

Company number 03925319

CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT

2025 Highlights 3
Our Business
Principal Activity 6
Our Business Model 6
‘Chair's Statement 9
Chief Executive's Report 12
‘Chief Financial Officer's Report 20
Principal.and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties 35
Directors’ Section 172(1) Statement 42
Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement . 48
Going Concern and Viability . 55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors 57
Corporate Govemance Report ‘ 59
Environmental, Social and Governance 68
Audit and Risk Committee Report 73
Directors’ Remuneration Report 79
‘Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 100
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 101
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Group
Consolidated Income Statement 115
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 116
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 117
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 118
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . . 119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 120
Company
Company Statement of Financial Position 177
Company Statement of Changes in Equity ‘ 178
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 179
Advisers 187

Reliance on this document

Our Business Review on pages 3 to 34 has been prepared in accordance with the Strategic Report requirements of section
414C(2)(a) of the Companies Act 2006. The intention of this document is to provide information to shareholders and is not designed
to be relied upon by any other party or for.any other purpose. °

Forward-looking statements

This document contains forward-looking statements which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available
to them at the time of approval of this report. In particular, all statements that express forecasts, expectations and projections with
respect to future matters, including trends in results of operations, margins, growth rates, overall market trends, the impact of interest
or exchange rates, the availability of financing, anticipated costs savings and synergies and the execution of GlobalData Pic's
strategy, are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they
relate to'events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual
fesults and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including a
number of factors outside of GlobalData Pic's control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and
GlobalData Plc gives no undertaking to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard
thereto or any changes to events; conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

2

STRATEGIC REPORT

2025 HIGHLIGHTS
‘ey performance metrics 2025 2024 Growth Underlying growth’
tevenue £322.1m £285.5m 413% +1%
perating profit £81.2m £65.1m +25%
erating profit margin 25% 23% +2pts

jjusted EBITDA" £1 10.2m £116.8m 6%
justed EBITDA margin’ 34% 41% 7 pts
rofit before tax (PBT) £69.2m £54.9m +26%
‘arnings per share (EPS) 4.4p 3.8p +16%
justed EPS (restated) 7.3p 5.1p +43%
‘otal dividends 1.5p 2.5p ~40%
ntracted Forward Revenue! £179.7m £171.4m +5% 43%
(£114.2m) £10.1m -1231%

jet (bank debt)/ cash’

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Resilient growth despite market headwinds
* Delivered 13% revenue growth to £322.1m (2024: £285.5m) in a challenging environment,
demonstrating: the strength of our diversified platform and strategic M&A execution, whilst
navigating currency headwinds.

* Underlying revenue growth of 1% (2024: 4%) underpinned by consistent volume renewal rates,
reflécting the resilience and stickiness of our customer base.

Strategic investment phase with clear line of sight to margin récovery

* Adjusted EBITDA of £110.2m (2024: £116.8m) and margin of 34% (2024: 41%) reflect the impact
of investments in Growth Transformation Plan initiatives, including sales expansion and senior
leadership strengthening, alongside the short-term dilutive impact of six acquisitions during their
tial integration phase.

* Operating profit grew 25% to £81.2m, reflecting the reduction in Adjusted EBITDA offset by a non-
cash share-based payment credit of £20.5m.

+ Profit before tax grew by £14.3m to £69.2m (2024: £54.9m), a 26% increase on prior year, albeit
this includes a share-based payment credit of £20.5m.

Robust cash generation and capital discipline

© Operating cash flow of £83.3m (2024: £97.6m) remained robust despite cash costs of acquisitions,
integration, restructuring and transformation, underscoring the cash-generative nature of the
business model. ,

High revenue visibility underpins confidence .

* Contracted Forward Revenue grew 5% to £179.7m (2024: £171.4m), with 3% underlying growth,
and alongside our predictable renewal base provides approximately 80% visibility over company
compiled analyst revenue consensus for 2026, a testament to the predictability and resilience of
our recurring revenue model.

Progressive shareholder returns
* Proposed final dividend of 1.2p (2024: 1.0p), representing 20% growth and reflecting confidence in
the business trajectory.

STRATEGIC REPORT °

2025 HIGHLIGHTS (continued)
OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Strengthened commercial infrastructure and market position
* — Significant operational transformation and a challenging macro-economic environment have slowed our
underlying growth for the year.

+ Restructured go-to-market organisation with expanded sales capacity and new strategic account
"management framework, whilst successfully integrating six acquisitions into the business and platform.

+ We exit the year with 3% underlying growth in Contracted Forward Revenue (reported growth 5%),"”
which includes significant contract wins from 2025.

Enhanced platform capabilities through measured Al integration
‘+ The foundation of our business model is a strong defensive moat around high quality and proprietary
data and insights. Augmentation of Al gives us opportunity across intemal efficiency, customer
| productivity and experience, as well as opening potential new revenue channels.

* We have launched several innovative Al-enabled solutions that are already creating value for clients,
including digital workers, AVA (Al Research Assistant) and platform wide Al integration.

* Rapid adoption of our Al Hub, with usage increasing twofold during H1 to over 100,000 users. Al Hub
is now embedded across the customer base with 90% of customers contracted to an Al Hub enabled
product, resulting in a 3x increase in the number of active Al Hub users. :

* Aland colleague collaboration have increased the number of users on our platform, enabled through
our new licensing structure, and driven greater customer adoption and usage in terms of views, time on
the site and downloads.

Disciplined capital allocation

* Returned over £100m in share buyback programmes, as well as £11m contribution into the Employee
Benefit Trust to manage future dilution.

Move to Main Market progressing
+ Admission to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange expected at 8.00am on 5-March 2026.

CURRENT TRADING AND OUTLOOK

We enter 2026 with strong revenue visibilly for 2026, providing confidence forthe year ahead. The strength of the
revenue visibility reflects:

Contracted Forward Revenue, bookéd as at 31 December 2025.

Consistent renewal rates across both Healthcare and Non-Healthcare divisions.

Growing Strategic account momentum as our ‘iew sales approach drives deeper client relationships.
The benefit of acquisitions made in 2024 and 2025 now contributing to the base.

Resilient demand for business-critical data and insights despite macro headwinds.

eee

We have a clear line of sight to margin expansion as integration activity completes and supported by a well invested
cost allowing for strong incremental margins flowing from revenue growth.

STRATEGIC REPORT - ‘
2025 HIGHLIGHTS (continued)
Medium-term priorities (2026 and beyond):

* Accelerate Underlying Growth: Driving our underlying revenue growth to mid-single digits, whilst building
the foundations to get back to mid-high-single digit growth and beyond as we look out to the fonger term.

*. Margin Recovery and Expansion: Recover Adjusted EBITDA margins towards 40%, leading to high cash
conversion and strong returns on investéd capital.

* Al Innovation: Expand the capabilities and adoption of our Al Hub, whilst launching new Al-powered
products and solutions. ,

* Strategic M&A Execution: Fotus is to drive revenue synergies in the Non-Healthcare division from recent
acquisitions, but will continue to pursue value-accretive M&A in our Healthcare division.

+ Continuing to deliver attractive Total Shareholder Returns: Progressive dividend policy and disciplined
approach to capital allocation and share buybacks.

‘Note 4: Defined in the explanation of nan-IFRS measures on page 34. . .

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS

Principal Activity
GlobalData Plc (together with its subsidiaries, ‘the Gro p’) is a company which provides an intelligence and
productivity platform that empowers leaders to act decisively in’ a world of complexity and change. By uniting
proprietary data, human expertise, and purpose-built Al into a single, connected platform, we help organisations to
‘see what's coming, move faster, and lead with confidence. . . .

Our Mission
To help our clients decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers.

Our Vision :
To be the leading data, analytics, and insights’ platform for the world’s largest industries.

Our Business Model

The Group provides solutions across a breadth of industry markets and functions, on a global scale on a single
connected platform. Our connected platform uniquely integrates proprietary data, expert insight, and purpose-built Al
into a unified operating system that powers the next'generation of- intelligence solutions.

Our solutions are used by organisations and decision-makers across any industry to generate growth, build resiience,,

and navigate a sustainable path to a more successful future.

Our clients typically subscribe for 12 months’ access. This.approach drives the following business model attributes:

* Recurring revenue — highly recurring subscription revenue, with high retention and revenue visibility.

+. High Incremental margins — significant operating leverage due to "build once, sell multiple times" model,
and a largely fixed cost base.

«Strong cash flow generation — low capital requirements and mostly advance customer payments support
high cash flow conversion, working capital benefits and capacity for reinvestment,

*  Scalable-and defensible position — large, diversified opportunities, with attractive tailwinds, strong
competitive moat and an agile, scalable company with One Platform.

The visible and recurring revenue base creates a resilient business model, with subscriptions making up 74% of
revenue. The balance of our revenue is made up of ancilary services such as bespoke consulting, single copy reports
and events, all of which hamess our core assets.

GlobalData's client base is globally diversified, which reftects our globally relevant data assets and gives the Group
significant market opportunity.

The Group assesses potential M&A targets and looks for the same business model fundamentals in its targets, which
enables greater alignment and integration Opportunities.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Capital Allocation

Our objective is to achieve long-term compounding growth and maximise shareholder returns. The Group looks at
resources to deliver growth whilst also maintaining a focus on profitability.

" GROWING OUR REVENUE = Focus on

increasing under\

irig growth raté through a clear growth bridge

Reduce
customer chum

+

Greater penetration through additional
products, licenses and solutions

Se Newclient wins aff

M&A

Cost discipline +

Scalable, compounding growth
m

ode

+ Aw

Technology investmer

Operational efficiency

REINVEST AND RETURN ‘CAPITAL

Reinvestment

4 Acquisitions

wie Dividends/ Share buybacks

INVESTING IN GROWTH

CAPITAL RETURN

(©)

Reinvestment

The - Group benefits from
significant operating leverage
due to stable fixed costs and
a lower variable cost model
that generates long-term
margin expansion in: an
accelerating revenue growth
environment.

We have a dynamic cost
base, which is largely people
focused, and has’ continued
innovation and investment
embedded. This agility allows,
Us to direct our resources to
focus on underlying growth.

+|.We have a low capital
intensity model: capital spend
in 2025 represented 2.5% of
revenue (2024: 2.5%).

Acquisitions

MBA is a significant growth
strategy for our business.

Our scalable One Platform
infrastructure enables us to
efficiently integrate new
datasets and content
capabilities into our existing
vertical offerings or expand
our breadth into new
vertical markets, ‘enabling
the . Group ‘to realise
synergies and value.

Our management team has

extensive experience - of |

acquiring and integrating
assets and we currently
have an active pipeline of
businesses that. we are
assessing and the financial
firepower to execute.

We: have an ambition of
increasing our _scale,
through MBA.

-| financial

a

=
Dividends

The cash generative and
high margin nature of our
business provides good
optionality - on'- capital
allocation. As a Board, we
feel commiting to a
progressive dividend policy
demonstrates ge
discipline and
careful stewardship.

From 1 July 2024, the
Group rebased the dividend

which reduced the payout of”

dividend from this date. This
focuses more free cash flow
‘on acquisitions.

©,

‘Share Purchase

The Company may, from
time to time, use excess
cash (after investment and

dividend), to purchase
shares into treasury and
cancel (within — the.

authorised’ annual limits).
This approach follows a
disciplined approach «to
capital allocation. In 2025,
the Company bought back
£100m in share buyback
programmes.

‘The Company has a policy
to try and limit the dilution of
its existing shareholders
created via the Group's
Long-Term Incentive Plans.
As at 31 December 2025,
the Group had 32.4m
‘options in issue and 50.6m
shares held in treasury
within the Group's
Employee Benefit Trust.
During the year the Group's
Employee Benefit Trust
purchased shares totalling
£11.0m

The Group uses free-cash flow and debt to fund acquisitions and purchase shares for the Employee Benefit Trust
and targets net debt leverage no greater than 2-3 times of Adjusted EBITDA, being the multiple of Adjusted EBITDA
(including the pre-acquisition results of recent acquisitions) compared to net bank debt.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Our Purpose — why do we exist?
Perspective when it matters.

When. faced with an overwhelming volume of conflicting and misleading information in today’s complex world,
GlobalData provides a deeper, trusted perspective. :

Our role is to provide our customers with intelligence that empowers their decision-makers to navigate a path to a
more successful future.

We want to help our clients decode the future, make better decisions,.and reach more customers. We believe
Information and Technology are forces for good. :

A snapshot of our Group as at 31 December 2025:

* 3,558 employees worldwide (2024: 3,740);
* 20+ industry sector coverage (2024: 20+); and
* —§,000+ clients (2024: 4,900+).

One Platform
GlobalData's connected platform model is the foundation of our strategic advantage and is the result of years of
continuous capital investment, targeted acquisitions, and organic development.

Our unified model governs everything we do, from how we develop and manage our products to our approach to
sales and customer success, as well a& supporting business operations.

At its core, this approach integrates our entire universe ’of unique data, expert analysis, and innovative solutions into
One Platform, providing easy access to a complete and comparable view of the world’s largest industries.

As a result of our unified model, we can respond rapidly to changing customer needs and market opportunities, and
" continuously manage and develop products quickly, at scale, with minimal capital investment, as well as integrate
acquisitions quickly and unlock synergies.
Growth Transformation Plan '
We launched our Growth Transformation Plan in 2024, which focuses on four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-
Class Products, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility.’

+ Customer Obsession
* Develop a trusted, global brand synonymous with delivering éxceptional customer value and
service;
= Develop a global community of engaged industry professionals; and
+ Maintain a customer-centric culture that informs our strategy, operating model, and business
decisions.
+ World-Class Products .
» Develop an integrated suite of winning propositions with clear competitive differentiation;
* Provide “must-have” capabilities that are integral to our clients and daily lives of professionals;
and
= Consistently lead the market in commercialising new product development and innovation.
. Sales Excellence
Consistently deliver best-in-class sales productivity through targeted campaigns and tailored
sales enablement;
+ Provide new salespeople with the structured on-boarding support required to accelerate "time-to-
target”; and
= Invest in the technology, people, and processes required to deliver exceptional experiences
across the customer journey.
* Operational Agility
Use our unified operating model and One Platform to create an integrated portfolio greater than
the sum of its parts;
‘-= Ensure we have the organisational structure, capabilities (e.g. people, process, technology), and
high-performance culture to execute; and
* Provide effective portfolio-wide planning, business insight and performance reporting, and
govemance.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders .
lam pleased to report GlobalData's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, a year that
has seen.continued progress in executing our Growth Transformation Plan 2024-26.

2025 represented the second year of our ambitious three-year Growth Transformation Plan ("GTP"), during which we
have made significant advances in embedding our solutions-led selling approach, strengthening our Al capabilities,
and pursuing strategic M&A opportunities that enhance our ‘One Platform’ offering.

We have delivered underlying revenue growth of 1% alongside the transformational changes in our go-to-fnarket
strategy, set against a challenging macro-economic environment. Whilst we set out to deliver stronger growth, we
firmly believe that the transformational changes give us the right foundation to once again deliver stronger underlying
growth, moving back towards mid-single digit in the mid-term. We have entered 2026 well positioned to drive long-
term sustainable growth, as well as return to Adjusted EBITDA margin of 40%.

Growth Transformation Plan . :
The GTP was launched ‘in January 2024 as a framework to deliver long-term sustainable and scalable growth. Our
GTP framework focuses on four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World;Class Products, Sales Excellence and
Operational Agility. 2025 was a year in which we have transformed our ‘go-to-market’ with a clear focus on delivering
greater value to our large blue chip customer base, with stronger, more embedded solutions. This has involved a
significant transformation, restructuring and hiring into our sales teams. These changes have had a bigger impact
than we expected in terms of disruption and time to embed, and to have executed this change in a single year was
ambitious, but | am confident that this new structure is bedding in and is the right strategy for long-term sustainable
growth.

There has also been significant investment in our product and solutions. These investments position us strongly to
continue delivering world-class data and insight solutions powered by Al and underpinned by our unique proprietary
data assets.

Main Market Listing

‘Subject to final approval from the Financial Conduct Authority, a prospectus in relation to the Company's move to the
Main Market will be published on 2 March 2026. Admission to the Main Market is expected to be at 8.00am on 5
March 2026 with the last day of trading on AIM on 4 March 2026. | believe that our move to the Main Market will give
the Company a wider access to international capital, enhancing future growth opportunities.

Capital Allocation and Shareholder Returns

The Board remains committed to a disciplined approach to capital allocation that balances investment in organic
growth, strategic M&A, and returns to shareholders. ‘

Following the tender offer of £60 million completed in September and share buybacks totalling £39.7 million in the
first half, we launched an additional £10 million buyback programme in November. These actions demonstrate our
confidence in the medium and long-term prospects of the Group and our focus on delivering strong Total Shareholder
Retums. :

The Board has proposed a final dividend of 1.2 pence per share (2024: 1.0 pence per share), bringing the total
dividend for the year to 1.5 pence per share (2024: 2.5 pence), reflecting our revised dividend policy announced in
2024 that enables greater capital deployment towards growth-enhancing M&A. The proposed dividend will be paid
on 1 May 2026 to shareholders on the register’at the close of business on 27 March 2026. The ex-dividend date will
be on 26 March 2026

Whilst our long-term M&A ambitions remain the same; our near-term focus, in the Non-Healthcare division, will be
‘organic growth and executing, revenue synergy opportunities across our recent acquisitions, which we have not
realised as quickly as we would have liked. We have made significant investments in acquisitions, product, and
solutions, therefore thie team is primarily focused on realising returns on these investments. Our Healthcare M&A
strategy remains unchanged and will look to deliver bolt-on acquisitions in FY2026. :

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIR’S STATEMENT (continued)
Governance and Board Changes

1 would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow Board members for their continued support and guidance during
another year of significant transformation. -

.|. am pleased to welcome Rachel Higham as an independent non-executive director, who joined us on 20 January
2026 and Toby Walter who also joined the Board as an independent non-executive director on 10 February 2026.

Rachel brings to the Board more than 30 years of experience in the information technology sector, having held senior
roles at Marks & Spencer, WPP, BT and Vodafone.

Toby has over 30 years executive experience in the financial services sector, having held senior toles at both HSBC
and Lloyds Banking Group. Most recently, he was Group Chief Technology and Transformation Officer at Lowell
Group.

As previously guided, both Annette Barnes and Andrew Day will not offer themselves for re-election as a director at
the 2026 Annual General Meeting given they would, at that time, have served on the Board for more than nine years
from the date of their first appointment.'As a result, Annette and Andrew are stepping down from office immediately
following the approval of the 2025. Annual Report and Accounts. On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank Annette
and Andrew for their exceptional support’and guidance over the last nine years during which time GlobalData has
evolved into a globally recognised market leader. We wish them all the best for the future. It has been agreed that
Toby will be appointed as the new Remuneration Committee Chair during March 2026.

Separately, the Company is pleased to announce that it has agreed terms with Robert Kingston to join the Group as
Chief Financial Officer as soon as he has served his six-month notice period with his current.employer. Robert is
currently employed as the Chief Financial Officer of Keywords Studids and previously spent 25 years at Sky plc in
progressively senior finance and operational roles including Finance Director of Sky's Content Business, Group
Director of investor Relations and latterly as an'Executive Director to the Group CEO. Rob is a Fellow of the Chartered
Institute of Managemerit Accountants. It is expected that he will join the Group in Q3 2026.

Graham Lilley has informed the Board of his intention to step down from his role as CFO later this year, in order to
‘pursue other opportunities. The Board have mutually agreed with Graham that he will remain in role until after Rob
has started, to provide an orderly handover and support a smooth and successful transition.

Looking ahead : :
As we enter 2026, GlobalData is well positioned to deliver on the final year of our Growth Transformation Plan with
clear focus on converting our investments into growth. We have:

+ Embedded our new sales organisation and solutions-led approach.

* Made substantial investments in Al capabilities that are delivering customer value. .

* Expanded our platform through strategic acquisitions. '

+ Astrong balance sheet with significant M&A capacity.

* Approximately 80% revenue visibility for 2026 (as at 1 January 2026) through our Contracted Forward
Revenue and highly predictable renewal base.

Our focus remairis on delivering world-class proprietary data and insight solutions through our ‘One Platform’ to
customers, powered by Al and underpinned by unique high-quality proprietary data. The Board is confident in our
ability to deliver long-term sustainable growth.

The .medium and long-term prospects for GlobalData remain strong. The continued demand for high-quality
proprietary data, insights and intelligence across our key sectors, combined with the transformational potential of Al,
Creates significant opportunities for value creation. With our Growth Transformation Plan initiatives now largely
embedded, we are focused on execution and driving accelerated growth in 2026 and beyond.

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIR'S STATEMENT (continued)

1 would like to thank our customers for their continued partnership, our employees for their hard work and commitment
during this period of transformation, and our shareholders for their ongoing support.

We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout 2026.

Mary lg

Murray Legg
Chair
4 March 2026

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REPORT
Building momentum: transformation delivering results in a resilient business

2025 has been a transformational year for GlobalData, making progress in positioning the business for long-term
sustainable growth. Despite continued macro-economic uncertainty, our resilient subscription-based business model
has continued to deliver growth, whilst the strategic investments we have made are starting to translate into tangible
outcomes across our product, people and key client wins. .

We have made progress embedding the key initiatives from our Growth Transformation Plan, particularly oursolutions
strategy and Al innovation. We exited 2025 in a position of strength and while we expect our underlying revenue to
grow steadily, reflecting our subscription deferred model and ongoing macro headwinds, | remain confident in our
ability to deliver on our strategic objectives in 2026 and beyond, supporting a retum to sustainable mid to high single
digit growth over the longer term.

GlobalData operates in a growing market where the demand for high-quality, proprietary data, expert analysis, and
actionable intelligence continues to accelerate. Our clients — which include over 5,000 of the world’s largest
corporations, financial institutions, and government organisations — increasingly recognise that trusted, proprietary
data is a strategic asset that enables better, faster decision-making in an uncertain world.
+ :

Our Growth Transformation Plan is built around four strategic priorities: Customer Obsession, World-Class Products,
Sales Excellence, and Operational Agility. | am pleased to report substantial progress across all four pillars during
2025.

Growth Transformation Plan
2026

CUSTOMER
OBSESSIO?
i Customer driven re-org ous pret Eanancemen .
{2/Sotutions {. 5: Signiticarit al investments”
‘3. Customer engagement >. lf
+

t sien ty eoy?

9, TECHNOLOGY & Al

art ae

Proprietary data and Al integration: a defensible competitive advantage

GlobalData's fundamental strength is, and has been since inception, its gold standard proprietary data which is fully
integrated into, our-platform and not easily replicated. Our customers rely on our data to make timely and effective
decisions, often in real time. We are observing that customer data delivery demands are changing, particularly through
increased demand for direct data feeds and APIs. This further strengthens our proposition by embedding GlobalData
further into our customers’ workflows. The fundamental point remains unchanged: our clients rely on our data, and
we retain a clear competitive moat through the breadth, quality and accessibility of our proprietary data.

Alis a positive theme for GlobalData. Building on a decade-long track record of investment in deploying purpose-built
Al across the platform, Al is a key enabler, for internal productivity, and unlocking greater value for our customers as
new Al-powered solutions transform customer experiences. Unlike many public Al tools that depend on open web
data; GlobalData’s Al products are grounded in a proprietary content ecosystem spanning a vast universe of
proprietary data and verified analyst reports. GlobalData’s purpose-built Al infrastructure integrates proprietary
datasets, ensuring that every output is backed by evidence and customers can made decisions based on insights
that are accurate, auditable, and strategically relevant.

12