GlobalData Plc

Company number 03925319

CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT

2022 Highlights 3
Our Business .
Principal Activity 5
Our Business Model 5
Chairman's Statement 8
Chief Executive’s Report 9
Chief Financial Officer's Report 13
Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties 21
Directors’ Section 172(1) Statement 27
Going Concern and Viability . 32
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors 34
Corporate Governance Report 35
Environmental, Social and Governance 43
Audit Committee Report 47
Directors' Remuneration Report 51
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 62
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT . 63
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Group
Consolidated Income Statement 75
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 76
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 77
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 78
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows : 79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 80
Company
Company Statement of Financial Position 128
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 129
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 130
Advisers 138

Reliance on this document .

Our Business Review on pages 3 to 20 has been prepared in accordance with the Strategic Report requirements of section
414C(2)(a) of the Companies Act 2006: The intention of this document is to provide information to shareholders and is not designed
to be relied upon by any other party or for any other purpose. .

Forward-looking statements

This document contains forward-looking statements which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available
to them at the time of approval of this report. In particular, all statements that express forecasts, expectations and projections with
respect to future matters, including trends in results of operations, margins, growth rates, overall market trends, the impact of interest
or exchange rates, the availability of financing, anticipated costs savings and synergies and the execution of GlobalData Pic's
strategy, are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they
relate to events and depend. on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including a
number of factors outside of GlobalData Pic's control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and
GlobaiData Plc gives no undertaking to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard
thereto or any changes to events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

Key performance metrics 2022 2021 Growth Underlying growth’
Revenue £243.2m £189.3m +28% +10%
[Operating profit £56.0m . £38.2m +47%
\Adj. EBITDA? £86.4m £64.4m +34%
JAdj. EBITDA margin? 36% 34% +2p.p.
Statutory profit before tax (PBT) £38.4m £32.6m +18%
Earnings per share (EPS) 27.1p 21.9p +24%
\agj. EPS? 43.3p 36.2p +20%
otal dividends , 26.0p 19.3p | +35%
Invoiced Forward Revenue* £133.5m £107.7m +24% +12%
let bank debt ~ £249.6m £177.6m +41%

Financial Highlights

Strong growth in both revenues and profit means we delivered our ‘rule of 40’ goal
o Underlying! revenue growth of 10%, underpinned by subscriptions — 81% of total revenues.
o Demonstrates the significant opportunity for GlobalData to grow revenue organically, aided by the
benefit of acquisitions and currency tailwinds for reported growth of 28%.

Adjusted EBITDA? up 34% to £86.4m (2021: £64.4m) and Adjusted EBITDA margin? improvement of 2
percentage points to 36%. .

Statutory PBT grew by £5.8m to £38.4m (2021; £32.6m) reflecting an 18% increase on prior year.

Operating cash flow grew by 41% to £85.4m (2021: £60.5m) which was 99% of Adjusted EBITDA (2021:
94%).

Continued improvement of Invoiced Forward Revenue‘ growth of 24% up to £133.5m at 31 December 2022
(2021: £107.7m), which includes underlying growth of 12%, the benefit of acquisitions and currency tailwinds.

Final dividend of 18.3p, up 39% (2021: 13.2p); total dividend of 26.0p, up 35% (2021: 19.3p).

Operational Highlights

Delivering on our Growth Optimisation Plan via four key pillars:
o Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility.

Customer Obsession remains our number one priority
o Enhanced our client relationships with focused initiatives contributing to improved renewal rates,
increased average client value and continued traction with multi-year deals.

Continued investment in our World-Class Product, embedding artificial intelligence and machine
learning sof
“o Scalable ‘One Platform’ now covers 20 sectors, delivering must-have critical information.

o ‘Our unique platform is ideally positioned to integrate new datasets and verticals.

immediate value derived following completion of two further strategic acquisitions
o Media Business Insight — a new vertical with deep media sector intelligence.
o TS Lombard — bringing global economic and political research filling a gap in thematic intelligence.
© Integrations on track.

Focus on strong Sales Excellence driving results
o We start the year with 80% visibility of budgeted revenues for 2023. :

Delivering Operational Agility with continued disciplined approach to cost

Completed refinancing to support future M&A strategy

3

STRATEGIC REPORT

2022 HIGHLIGHTS (continued)

Current Trading and Outlook
¢ — Entering the new financial year from a position of strength and scope for further margin improvement.

¢ — Set to deliver resilient growth - uncertainty driving demand for our ‘gold standard’ data, delivered through
our One Platform. °

¢ A focused approach to cost management and capital discipline, including mitigating the impact of inflation’
through advancements in technology and efficiency savings, whilst ensuring the business remains
. - appropriately invested for sustainable growth and systematic M&A activity.

e Clear financial targets for FY23 and beyond:
o In FY23, at least 10% underlying revenue growth, Adjusted EBITDA margin of 40%.
o Beyond FY23, platform in place to drive further margin enhancement through organic and inorganic

growth.

Note 4: Underlying growth: Defined as growth in business excluding impact of movement in exchange rates and adjusts for the proforma results of
acquired business.

Note 2: Adjusted EBITDA: Eamings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, adjusted to exclude costs associated with acquisitions,
restructuring of the Group, share-based payments, impairment, unrealised operating exchange rate movements and the impact of foreign exchange
contracts. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as: Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. This is reconciled to the statutory operating profit on
page 14. .

Note 3: Adjusted EPS: Adjusted profit after tax per’share (reconciliation between statutory profit and adjusted profit shown on page 14)

Note 4: Invoiced Forward Revenue: Invoiced Forward Revenue relates to.amounts that are invoiced to clients at the statement of financial position
date, which relate to future revenue to be' recognised. This is reconciled to deferred revenue on page 19.

Note 5: Net bank debt: Short and long-term borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) less cash and cash equivalents.

4

STRATEGIC REPORT
OUR BUSINESS
Principal Acti:

The principal activity of GlobalData Plc and its subsidiaries (‘the Group’) is to provide business information in the form
of high-quality proprietary data, analytics, and insights to clients in multiple sectors. .

Our Mission
To help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers.

Our Vision _
To be the leading data, analytics, and insights platform for the world’s largest industries.

Our Business Model

The Group provides services across a breadth of industry markets and functions, on a global scale on One Platform.
We have a clear philosophy of owning our own data and intellectual property, and seek to be a long-term, strategic
partner to our clients, by serving their critical activities with a differentiated, ‘gold standard’ offering.

The solutions we provide are highly proprietary and embedded into our customers’ workflows, which drives high
customer retention. The Group benefits from significant operating leverage due to a “build once, sell multiple times”
business model, which drives significant margin expansion.

Our clients typically subscribe for 12 months’ access. This approach drives.the following business model attributes:

e~ Recurring revenue — highly recurring subscription revenue, with high retention and revenue visibility.

« High incremental margins.— significant operating leverage due to “build once, sell multiple times” model,
and a largely fixed cost base.

«¢ Strong cash flow generation — low capital requirements:and mostly advance customer payments support
high cash flow conversion, working capital benefits and capacity for reinvestment.

«. Scalable and defensible position — large, diversified ‘opportunities with attractive tailwinds, strong
competitive moat and an agile, scalable company with One Platform.

The visible and recurring revenue base creates a resilient business model, with subscriptions making up over 80% of
revenue. The balance of our revenue is made up of ancillary services such as bespoke consulting, single copy. reports
and events, which all harness our core assets.

Globa!Data's client base is globally ‘diversified, which reflects our globally relevant data assets and gives the Group
significant market opportunity.

The Group assesses potential M&A targets.and ldoks for the same business model fundamentals in its S targets, which
enables greater alignment and integration opportunities.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Capital Allocation

Our objective is to achieve long-term compounding growth and maximise shareholder returns. The Group looks at
resources to deliver growth whilst also maintaining a focus on profitability. We use an investment concept called ‘rule
of 40’ which scores businesses by adding their underlying revenue growth to their Adjusted EBITDA margin. Our.
ambition is to exceed 50, ie. ‘rule of 50’, as follows:

GROWING OUR REVENUE - Consistent 10%+ Growth

+ +

Volume Renewal Value Renewal M&A

+

New Logo

INCREASING OUR PROFITABILITY — Adj. EBITDA Margin +40%

+

Cost Discipline Scalable Model - Technology Investment La Process Optimisation

REINVEST AND RETURN CAPITAL

» ;

The ‘Group benefits from
significant operating leverage
due to stable fixed costs and
a lower variable cost model
that generates long-term
margin expansion in an
accelerating: revenue growth
environment.

Our operating cost base is
very agile and has investment
embedded within ‘business-
as-usual’ for Customer
Obsession, new product
development and software
and IT enhancements. This
agility allows us to direct our
resources to focus on
underlying growth

We have a low capital
intensity model: capital spend
typically represents 1-1.5% of
revenue (2022: 1.1%, 2021:
0.7% following _ significant
investment in 2020 due to IT
investment during the
pandemic).

M&A is a significant growth
strategy for our business.

Our scalable One Platform
infrastructure enables us to
efficiently integrate new
datasets and content
capabilities into our existing
vertical offerings or expand
our breadth into new
vertical‘ markets, enabling
the Group to realise
synergies and value.

Our management team has
extensive experience of
acquiring and integrating
assets and we currently
have an active pipeline of
businesses that we are
assessing ahd the firepower
to execute.

The cash generative and
high margin nature of our
business provides good
optionality on capital
allocation. As a Board, we
feel committing to a
progressive dividend policy
demonstrates good
financial discipline and
careful stewardship.

We intend to grow
dividends in line with
Adjusted EBITDA

Reinvestment + Acquisitions - Dividends/ Share buy-backs
INVESTING INGROWTH CAPITAL RETURN
Reinvestment Acquisitions Dividends Share Purchase

The Company has a policy
to try and limit the dilution of
its existing shareholders
created via the . Group's
Long-Term Incentive Plans.
As at 31 December 2022,
the Group had 7.1m options
in issue and 5.6m shares
held in treasury within the
Group's Employee Benefit
Trust. This - coverage
eliminates the immediate
dilution of the share options
schemes.

The Group uses debt to fund acquisitions and purchase shares for the Employee Benefit Trust and targets an
operating leverage of two to three times net leverage, being the multiple of Adjusted EBITDA (including the proforma
results of recent acquisitions) compared to net bank debt.

6

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Our Purpose - why do we exist?
In an increasingly. fast-moving, complex, and uncertain world, it's becoming more important for businesses
and professionals to:

* — successfully predict and navigate the future;
emake the right business decisions, at the right time; and
¢ . effectively find, win, and keep customers.

We want to help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers. We believe
Information and Technology are forces for good.

One Platform

GlobalData’s One Platform model is the foundation of our strategic advantage and is the result of years of continuous
capital investment, targeted acquisitions, and organic development.
Our unified model governs everything we:do, from how we develop and manage our products to our approach-to
sales and customer success, and supporting business operations.

At its core, this approach integrates our entire universe of unique data, expert analysis, and innovative solutions into
One Platform, providing easy access to a complete and comparable view of the world's largest industries.

As a result of our unified model, we can respond rapidly to changing customer needs and market opportunities, and
continuously manage and develop products quickly, at scale, with minimal capital investment, as well as integrate
acquisitions quickly and unlock synergies.

Growth Optimisation Plan

We launched our Growth Optimisation Plan in 2020, and our clear focus is on sustainable growth delivered through
four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility. The key word
in this plan is “optimisation”, hence we are not reliant on a single area of growth to be successful. We have multiple
levers for growth, both in our underlying business and through M&A opportunities.

* Customer Obsession
* Develop a trusted, global brand synonymous with delivering exceptional customer value and
service;
= Develop a global community of engaged industry professionals; and
* Maintain a customer-centric culture that informs our strategy, operating model, and business
decisions.
¢ World-Class Product
* Develop an integrated suite of winning propositions with clear competitive differentiation;
* Provide “must-have” capabilities that are integral to our clients and daily lives of professionals;
and
* Consistently lead the market in commercialising new product development and innovation.
° Sales Excellence
* — Consistently deliver best-in-class sales productivity through targeted campaigns and tailored
sales enablement;
* Provide new salespeople with the structured on-boarding support required to accelerate “time-to-
target”; and
* Invest in the technology, people, and processes required to deliver exceptional experiences
across the customer journey.
. Operational Agility
Use our unified operating model and One Platform to create an integrated Portfolio greater than
the sum of its parts;
= Ensure we have'the organisational structure, capabilities (e.g. people, process, technology), and
high-performance culture to execute; and
= Provide effective portfolio-wide planning, business insight and performance reporting, and
governance.

Asnapshot of our Group as at 31 December. 2022:
e 3,652 employees;

* 20 industry sector coverage; and
* — 4,700+ clients.

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

2022 was a significant year of further development for GlobalData. | would like to thank all my GlobalData colleagues
and congratulate them on a strong set of results and continued execution of the Group's strategy. This result is
particularly impressive set against a tough macro-economic backdrop. We have stated publicly that our aim was to
achieve annual underlying growth of 10% and to see our Adjusted EBITDA margin mature into the 35-40% range and
| would therefore like to give further acknowledgement to the team for helping us achieve these goals in 2022.

During the year, we continued our underlying growth momentum and margin progression whilst creating value from
our M&A strategy. Over the past 15 months, we have completed four transactions which have added scale and
capabilities to the Group. | am pleased with the integration progress made so far, with now only limited integration
stéps to complete as we enter 2023. Great strides have been made this year to scale and leverage our One Platform,
which gives us a significant opportunity to seek out strategic acquisitions and assets which can add further value to
the Group and to our clients. With the additional firepower secured to fund our ambitions we will continue to maintain
momentum in executing our stated M&A strategy.

Making an impact .

In our CEO report, we detail how our Growth Optimisation Plan, launched in 2020 and focused on sustainable growth
across several levers, is delivering value. | want to take the opportunity here to highlight that the plan is. underpinned
by sustainability. This is something the Board and management team are extremely passionate about.

At GlobalData we believe that information and technology are forces for good and our products and solutions can be
a catalyst for positive change. For us, a responsible business is all about building a.company with great people,
creating a positive impact, and helping our customers leverage the proprietary granular data and insight we provide
to help understand their business issues and develop long-term sustainable strategies.

In 2022, we invested significant resource into the product and created a real culture of innovation and product
development, with a strong focus on quality. We are acutely focused on Customer Obsession and we will be driving
forward growth initiatives to further embed our data, insights, tools and workflows into our 4,700+ customers’
businesses. The sophistication and breadth of our content enables opportunities beyond the traditional departments
that procure Information Services. We intend to get to know our clients better, listen to their business problems and
provide the solutions for them to succeed.

Our stakeholders

We have made significant progress in developing our relationships with key stakeholders and have focused on several
initiatives to further enhance these. For our clients, we continued to invest in our customer success teams and the
usability of the product. It is satisfying to see the impact of this through year-on-year improvements in our renewal
rates, which forms much of our growth engine.

| would like to thank the Remuneration Committee for their consciéntious review of our Long-Term Incentive Plan
(LTIP) programmes. The review resulted in modifications made to ensure key employees are appropriately
incentivised through clear, simple and predictable plans. This will undoubtedly ensure there. continues to be
meaningful collective incentives to drive GlobalData forward and achieve our goals.

We have significantly increased the level of shareholder interaction in the year and increased the availability of
Management to meet with shareholders and potential investors, including more one-to-one meetings with investors,
a Capital Markets Day in which we discussed the business and its strategy and improving our communications
channels with shareholders and the investment community.

Dividend

We are pleased to propose a final dividend of 18.3 pence per share (2021: 13.2 pence), to be paid on 28 April 2023
to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 31 March 2023. The ex-dividend date will be on 30 March
2023. The proposed final dividend increases the total dividend for the year to 26.0 pence per share (2021: 19.3
pence), an increase of 35% in line with growth in Adjusted EBITDA.

We enter 2023 in a strong position and are confident about the outlook ahead.

a -

Murray Legg
Chairman
27 February 2023

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT

At GlobalData we are on a mission to help our c.4,700 clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach
more customers. In the last 12 months, clear progress has been made to enhance our position as a leading
intelligence and insights platform through sustained underlying momentum and further execution of our M&A strategy.

Uncertainty drives demand for our business. Our mission critical data is a ‘must-have’ rather than ‘nice to have’ for a _
wide range of blue-chip corporates, and once embedded, provides all the insight our clients need to navigate a
challenging macro backdrop. We create our intelligence from a deep pool of experts across the globe, including 2,000
analysts and researchers, 250 data:scientists and 100 journalists.

Continued momentum in 2022 has been clearly demonstrated through our strong financial and operational
performance. Investing for growth throughout 2022, in our people and in our scalable One Platform, which now covers
20 sectors, has enabled the Group to enhance its highly valued, must-have, critical information to a growing global
customer base.

We have now reached the next stage of our development; the ‘leveraging the platform’ phase is where we intend to
capitalise on the multiple levers open to us to create growth. As we enter the new financial year, the management
team and Board remain focused on delivering long-term, compounding growth and shareholder returns.

Underlying growth
With a continued strong performance throughout the year, | am pleased to report that GlobalData successfully
delivered its near-term financial target of at least 10% revenue growth and Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35-40%, In
the last five years, subscriptions have grown from approximately 70% of revenues to more than 80%, with margin
nearly doubling.

The Group reported revenue of £243.2m (2021: £189.3m), including 10% underlying growth. Operating profit grew
by 47% to £56.0m (2021: £38.2m) and Adjusted EBITDA increased by 34% to £86.4m (2021: £64.4m). The growth
in Adjusted EBITDA was driven by our strong revenue growth and our ability to control what is a relatively fixed cost
base, delivering an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 36%. The Group had a strong finish to the year with underlying
Invoiced Forward Revenue growth of 12% at 31 December 2022, with overall growth of 24%.

Traction with our subscription model continued through the year, with improving renewal rates evidenced in both
volume and value at 84% (2021: 83%) and 101% (2021: 97%) for our larger clients (>£20k) respectively. We have
demonstrated our ability to optimise pricing in 2022 and there remains significant opportunity to continue with price
increases and deliver enhanced value for customers, particularly in recently acquired businesses. As a result, with
inherently predictable and recurring revenue, the Group enters the new financial year with c.80% revenue visibility for
FY2023. \
A continued trend is the growth of multi-year deals. Over the last three years, multi-year deals by value have grown
from 20% to 39%, which highlights the strength of our product, the criticality of our platform to our customers and the
growing resilience of our revenue growth.

Platform ideally positioned to integrate new datasets and verticals

Our underlying growth is also supported by strategic M&A opportunities. Our scalable platform is ideally positioned to
integrate new datasets and content into our existing vertical offering or expand our breadth into new vertical markets.
Our M&A strategy is disciplined and systematic, with value creation being a core competence of the Group.

Following completion of the Life Sciences acquisition in November 2021 and LMC in December 2021, we completed
two more acquisitions during 2022. We acquired Media Business Insight (MBI) in June 2022, bringing new and unique
gold standard datasets across the film, TV and media markets to GlobalData. This, combined with our existing
Technology content, provides the Group with a new vertical with deep media sector intelligence and related services
while strengthening clients’ access to a more comprehensive range of industry expertise.

In September 2022, we announced the completion of the TS Lombard acquisition, which provides global economic
and political research to businesses and financial markets to clients across the globe, with a particular strength in
China and emerging markets. This move further enables us to sell our full product suite, not only to the asset
management industry, but increasingly to other corporates, and it has been integrated onto the GlobalData platform.
TS Lombard brings to us a strong team of research analysts and economists who have on-the-ground networks and
insights from developed and emerging markets. This addition has helped us to fill a gap in our thematic intelligence
offering, allowing us to arm clients with a globally integrated macro story which in times of uncertainty is in increasing
demand as clients seek to navigate and make sensible, proactive decisions quickly.

We welcome these new businesses into the GlobalData family. Both represent strategic bolt-on acquisitions of data
assets, efficiently complementing our One Platform model and adding value to our global and scalable product.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT (continued)

In August 2022, we agreed a new three-year £410m debt financing facility which will be used to support our long-term
growth, including future M&A-opportunities.

Delivering our Growth Optimisation Plan

The Growth Optimisation Plan, launched in 2020, is our framework to invest for growth with the aim to be the leading
data, analytics, and insights platform for the world’s largest industries. As a responsible business, sustainability. sits
at the heart of our plan and, as a team, GlobalData is a firm believer that our Company can drive positive change and
be a force for good through our critical information and technology innovations.

With multiple levers for growth, supplemented with M&A activity, we are delivering on the Plan via four key pillars:
Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility.
y
1) Customer Obsession remains our number one priority
Customer Obsession remains our priority and is central to our strategy. It runs through everything we do, and we
continue to focus on client needs and on providing unique and innovative solutions. We strive to maintain strong
customer relationships and endeavour to build even deeper relationships.

Our ongoing initiatives are aimed at providing clients with world-class solutions delivered with exceptional levels of
service. Our focus on top-tier clients is gaining traction, and we continued to increase resources throughout the year,
enhanced usability and grew via our top-750 programme.

Usage of our product is aimed at multiple use cases and job functions within an organisation, giving opportunity to
expand usage within our existing clients, resulting in more seats taken. This focus meant that Average Client Value
improved 13% in 2022 to £47,900 (2021: £42,400)

The net result of our Customer Obsession is improving renewal rates by volume and value, as well as greater levels
of profitability. Looking ahead, we remain laser focused on improving in the di