GlobalData Plc
Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021

www.globaldata.com

TUESDAY

mua

10/05/2022 #294
COMPANIES HOUSE

Company number 03925319

CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT
2021 Highlights 3
Our Business
Principal Activity 4
Our Business Mode! 4
Chairman’s Statement 7
Chief Executive's Report 9
Chief Financial Officer’s Report 15
Principal and Emerging Risk and Uncertainties 21
Directors’ Section 172(1) Statement 27
Going Concern and Viability 32
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors 33
Corporate Governance Report 34
Environmental, Social and Governance 42
Audit Committee Report 46
Directors’ Remuneration Report 49
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 57
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 58
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Group
Consolidated Income Statement 70
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 71
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 72
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 73
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 14
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 7
Company
Company Statement of Financial Position 120
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 121
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 122
Advisers 135

Reliance on this document

Our Business Review on pages 3 to 20 has been prepared in accordance with the Strategic Report requirements of section 414C
of the Companies Act 2006. The intention of this document is to provide information to shareholders and is not designed to be relied
upon by any other party or for any other purpose.

Forward-looking statements

This document contains forward-looking statements which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available
to them at the time of approval of this report. In particular, all statements that express forecasts, expectations and projections with
respect to future matters, including trends in results of operations, margins, growth rates, overall market trends, the impact of interest
or exchange rates, the availability of financing, anticipated costs savings and synergies and the execution of GlobalData Plc’s
strategy, are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they
relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including a
number of factors outside of GlobalData Pic's control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and
GlobalData Plc gives no undertaking to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard
thereto or any changes to events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2021 HIGHLIGHTS

‘ey performance metrics 2021 2020 Organic Underlying|
Constant Currency‘!
%

£189.3m £178.4m +8%

£64.4m £56.7m +14%
Adj. EBITDA margin’ 34% 32% . +2p.p.
Statutory PBT £32.6m £28.6m -
Deferred revenue? £81.4m £74.7m

invoiced forward revenue? £107.7m £92.7m

Financial Highlights

e Organic underlying constant currency‘ revenue growth of 8%, offset with currency headwinds for reported
growth of 6%

e Adjusted EBITDA’ up 14% to £64.4m (2020: £56.7m) and Adjusted EBITDA margin’ improvement of 2
percentage points to 34%

* Statutory PBT grew by £4.0m to £32.6m (2020: £28.6m)

¢ Deferred revenue? up 9% to £81.4m (2020: £74.7m) and Invoiced forward revenue? up 16% to £107.7m
(2020: £92.7m), with organic underlying constant currency growth of 10%

e Final dividend of 13.2p, up 14% (2020: 11.6p); total dividend of 19.3p, up 14% (2020: 17.0p)

Operational Highlights.

¢ Continued investment in Growth Optimisation Plan and progress across strategic priorities, with Customer
Obsession our number-one priority.

« Set strong foundations for accelerated growth through One Platform enhancements and investment in B2B
industry websites

« Completion of two strategic acquisitions

e Customer focused initiatives have driven growth and further deepening of our relationships

Note 1: Adjusted EBITDA: Eamings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, adjusted to exclude costs associated with acquisitions,
restructuring of the Group, share-based payments, impairment, unrealised operating exchange rate movements and the impact of foreign exchange
contracts. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as: Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. This is reconciled to the statutory operating profit on
page 15.

Note 2: Deferred revenue: Deferred revenue relates to amounts that are invoiced to clients at the statement of financial position date, which relate to
future revenue to be recognised. This is adjusted for amounts that are not yet due for payment and the service has not yet commenced. This is
reconciled to invoiced forward revenue on page 18.

Note 3: Invoiced forward revenue: Invoiced forward revenue relates to amounts that are invoiced to clients at the statement of financial position date,
which relate to future revenue to be recognised. This is reconciled to deferred revenue on page 18.

Note 4: Organic underlying constant currency: Defined as growth in business (excluding acquisitions) excluding impact of movement in exchange
rates. This is reconciled to the reported change on page 18.

STRATEGIC REPORT
OUR BUSINESS

Principal Activity .
The principal activity of GlobalData Pic and its subsidiaries (‘the Group’) is to provide business information in the form
of high-quality proprietary data, analytics, and insights to clients in multiple sectors.

Our Mission
To help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers.

Our Vision
To be the leading data, analytics, and insights platform for the world’s largest industries.

Our Business Model

The Group provides service across a breadth of industry markets and functions, on a global scale on One Platform.
We have a clear philosophy of owning our own data and intellectual property, and seek to be a long-term, strategic
partner to our clients, by serving their critical activities with a differentiated, “gold standard” offering.

The solutions we provide are highly proprietary and embedded into our customers’ workflows, which drives high
customer retention. The Group benefits from significant operating leverage due to a “build once, sell multiple times”
business model, which drives significant margin expansion.

Our clients typically subscribe for 12 months’ access. This approach drives the following business model attributes:

« Recurring revenue — highly recurring subscription revenue, with high retention and revenue visibility

« High incremental margins - significant operating leverage due to “build once, sell multiple times” model,
and a largely fixed cost base.

« Strong cash flow generation — low capital requirements and mostly advance customer payments support
high cash flow conversion, working capital benefits and capacity for reinvestment.

e¢ Scalable and defensible position - large, diversified opportunities with attractive tailwinds, strong
competitive moat and an agile, scalable company with one platform.

The visible and recurring revenue base creates a resilient business model, with subscriptions making up over 80% of
revenue. The balance of our revenue is made up of ancillary services such as bespoke consulting, single copy reports
and events, which all hamess our core assets.

GlobalData’s client base is globally diversified, which reflects our globally relevant data assets and gives the Group
significant market opportunity.

The Group assesses potential M&A targets and looks for the same business model fundamentals in its targets, which
enables greater alignment and integration opportunities.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Capital Allocation
Our objective is to achieve long-term compounding growth and maximise shareholder retums.

GROWING OUR REVENUE - Consistent 10%+ Growth Range

>»

Volume Renewal aim

Value Renewal

New Logo

Cost Discipline +

Scalable Model

INCREASING OUR PROFITABILITY — Adj. EBITDA Margin 35%-40% Range

+ Technology Investment + Process Optimisation

REINVEST AND RETURN CAPITAL

Reinvestment

Acquisitions

INVESTING IN GROWTH

@)

Reinvestment

The Group benefits from
significant operating leverage
due to constant fixed costs
and a lower variable cost
model that generates long-
term margin expansion in an
accelerating revenue growth
environment.

Our operating cost base is
very agile and has investment
embedded within ‘business-
as-usual” for Customer
Obsession, new product
development and software
and IT enhancements. This
agility allows us to direct our
resources to focus on organic
growth.

We have a low capital
intensity model, limited to off-
the-shelf software and
hardware and capital spend
typically represents 1%-1.5%
of revenue (2021: 0.7% due to
significant investment in prior
year, 2020: 2.8% due to IT
investment during ‘the
pandemic).

wy

Acquisitions

M&A is a significant growth
‘strategy for our business.

Our scalable One Platform
infrastructure enables us to
efficiently integrate new
datasets and content
capabilities into our existing
vertical offering or expand
our breadth into new
vertical markets, enabling
the Group to realise
synergy and value.

As a management team we
have extensive experience
of acquiring and integrating
assets and we currently
have an active pipeline of
businesses that we are
assessing, as well as the
firepower to execute.

w= Dividends/ Share buy-backs

a

=
Dividends

We aim to provide a
progressive dividend policy
which grows in line with
Adjusted EBITDA.

CAPITAL RETURN

we

Share Purchase

The Company has a policy
to try and limit the dilution of
its existing shareholders
created via the Group's
Long-Term Incentive Plans.

As at the date of this report,
the Remuneration
Committee has approved
that the vesting criteria of
Scheme 1 has been met,
resulting in 65 million
options becoming available
for vest. The company's
Employee Benefit Trusts
have a current combined
holding-of 5.9 million shares
to cover 90% of the options
vesting.

The Group uses debt to fund acquisitions and purchase shares for the employee benefit trust and targets an operating
leverage of 2-3 times net leverage, being the multiple of Adjusted EBITDA compared to Net Debt. The Group will
consider the proforma performance of acquisition targets and may go beyond this target, subject to a strong de-
levering profile thereafter.

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR BUSINESS (continued)

Our Purpose — why do we exist?
In an increasingly fast-moving, complex, and uncertain world, it's becoming more important for businesses
and professionals to:

. successfully predict and navigate the future;
. make the right business decisions, at the right time; and
. effectively find, win, and keep customers.

We want to help our clients to decode the future, make better decisions, and reach more customers. We believe
Information and Technology are forces for good.

One Platform
Globa!Data’s One Platform model is the foundation of our strategic advantage and is the result of years of continuous
capital investment, targeted acquisitions, and organic development.

Our unified model governs everything we do, from how we develop and manage our products, to our approach to
sales and customer success, and supporting business operations.

Atits core, this approach integrates our entire universe of unique data, expert analysis, and innovative solutions into
One Platform, providing easy access to a complete and comparable view of the world’s largest industries,

As a result of our unified model, we can respond rapidly to changing customer needs and market opportunities, and
continuously manage and develop products quickly, at scale, with limited capital investment, as well as integrate
acquisitions quickly and unlock synergies.

Growth Optimisation Plan

We launched our Growth Optimisation Plan in 2020, and our clear focus is on sustainable growth delivered through
four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility. The key word
in this plan is “optimisation”, and what we mean by this is that we are not reliant on a single area of growth to be
successful. We have multiple levers for growth, both in our organic business and through M&A opportunities.

¢ Customer Obsession
* Develop a trusted, global brand synonymous with delivering exceptional customer value and
service;
* Develop a global community of engaged industry professionals; and
= Maintain a customer-centric culture that informs our strategy, operating model, and business
decisions.
* World-Class Product
* Develop an integrated suite of winning propositions with clear competitive differentiation;
* Provide “must-have” capabilities that are integral to our clients and daily lives of professionals;
and
* Consistently lead the market in commercialising new product development and innovation.
* Sales Excellence
= Consistently deliver best-in-class sales productivity through targeted campaigns and tailored
sales enablement;
* Provide new salespeople with the structured on-boarding support required to accelerate “time-to-
target”, and
* Invest in the technology, people, and processes required to deliver exceptional experiences
across the customer journey.
© Operational Agility
* Use our unified operating model and One Platform to create an integrated portfolio greater than
the sum of its parts;
* Ensure we have the organisational structure, capabilities (e.g. people, process, technology), and
high-performance culture to execute; and
* Provide effective portfolio-wide planning, business insight and performance reporting, and
govemance.

A snapshot of our Group at 31 December 2021:
* 3,624 employees;

* 16 Industry sector deep coverage; and
* +4,600 clients.

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

| would, firstly, like to thank all of my colleagues at GlobalData and congratulate them on a strong set of results and
continued execution of the Group’s strategy. Notwithstanding the continuing pressure of COVID-19, we have
delivered another year of strong organic revenue growth and welcomed the acquisitions of the Life Sciences business
and the LMC Automotive and Agribusiness assets. While the timing of the acquisitions meant that the impact on
Income Statement earnings for FY21 was immaterial, the strengthening of the Group's capabilities in these sectors
gives it greater scale and opportunity for accelerated momentum in 2022.

As we progress the integration of the acquired businesses, we look forward to realising and leveraging the additional
capabilities these assets bring to the Group as well as demonstrating GlobalData’s value-added content,
functionalities and tools to our new customers.

Our Strategy
Our strategy is focused on growth. Our four pillar Growth Optimisation Plan is focused on achieving long-term, double-
digit growth and making strategic, earnings-enhancing acquisitions.

Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) activities focus on our People, our Customers, our Environment
and our Communities. These activities are key to our efforts to safeguard GlobalData’s long-term viability and
sustainable growth. We are setting out our strategy on sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility; the activities
that we are focusing on are strategically important to our organic growth.

Our Growth Optimisation Plan sets out the framework for growth and is underpinned by sustainability. We believe
that Information and Technology are forces for good and our products and solutions can be a catalyst for positive
change. ESG for us is basically about creating a great company with great people, having a positive impact on the
world, leveraging the proprietary granular data and insight that we have to help our clients understand their own
impact and help them to develop long-term sustainable strategies. Further details on our ESG activities are set out in
our ESG Report on page 42.

Since the formation of GlobalData in 2016, creating a World-Class Product has been our primary pillar of
development. We have invested significant resource into the product and have created a real culture of innovation,
product development and a strong focus on quality. Strategically, we are now broadening our focus to place Customer
Obsession at the forefront of our Growth Optimisation Plan.

We now have +4,600 clients, and further embedding our data, insights, tools and workflows into our customers’
businesses represents an attractive opportunity for growth. The sophistication and breadth of our content means there
are opportunities beyond the traditional departments that procure Information Services. We intend to get to know our
clients better, listen to their business problems and provide the solutions for them to succeed.

Board Composition

During the year we have made changes to the composition of the Board to ensure that we have the right skills and
diversity of experience to support and guide the business on its exciting trajectory. | would like to thank my
predecessor, Bernard Cragg, for his significant contribution to building the position of strength that the Group is in.

We welcomed Catherine Birkett and Julien Decot as new Non-Executive Directors, who together bring expertise on
high-growth environments, the technology sector and corporate financing. Catherine has succeeded me as Chair of
the Audit Committee, and we appointed Annette Barnes as Chair of the Remuneration Committee, succeeding Peter
Harkness.

| believe that we have a strong group of Non-Executive Directors, each with an excellent track record of success and
real diversity in their skills and experiences, who will provide valuable support to Mike Danson and Graham Lilley in
executing our strategy.

Dividend

For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the Group operated a dividend policy whereby dividends grew in
line with earnings, at an Adjusted EBITDA level. We are therefore pleased to propose a final dividend of 13.2 pence
per share (2020: 11.6 pence). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 29 April 2022 to shareholders on the register
at the close of business on 1 April 2022. The ex-dividend date will be on 31 March 2022. The proposed final dividend
increases the total dividend for the year to 19.3 pence per share (2020: 17.0 pence), an increase of 14%.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (continued)

Looking Forward
The Group's business model is robust and scalable. We are confident we can continue to execute our strategy and
that the Group will continue to deliver sustainable organic and inorganic growth in 2022 and in the longer term.

lols

Chairman
28 February 2022

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT

We have continued to expand our position as a leading intelligence platform within the growing Information Services
market, both through our organic progress and the two M&A transactions completed near the end of the year.

In 2021 we continued to invest across our Growth Optimisation Plan, with increasing focus on Customer Obsession,
our number one strategic priority. Our organic underlying constant currency revenue performance was strong, and,
importantly, we exit the year with improved forward revenue visibility. The greater visibility, driven by our organic
growth performance and the two completed acquisitions, together with our disciplined approach to costs gives the
Group a strong foundation for accelerated growth and further margin expansion.

The Group has delivered a strong set of results and has continued to deliver and execute against its strategy. Our
8% organic underlying constant currency revenue growth (6% reported revenue growth) and margin expansion,
together with our strengthening visibility on deferred revenues, demonstrate clear progress against our two financial
targets of achieving at least 10% annual organic growth and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of between 35%-40%.

Our business model and the sector we are in, give us a great platform for growth and significant resilience against
wider macro-economic factors. As a trusted intelligence provider, our products and services, historically benefit from
increased usage and demand, as our customers look to successfully navigate periods of uncertainty. As a result, our
subscription renewal rates have been consistently strong over the past two years and the heritage assets that we
have consolidated in our One Platform, have a long-standing history of growth during economic cycles. We are
confident that our deep customer relationships, diverse market coverage and continued investment in must-have
intelligence will maintain this position of strength and resilience.

Growth Optimisation Pian

We launched our Growth Optimisation Plan in 2020, and our clear focus is on sustainable growth delivered through
four key pillars: Customer Obsession, World-Class Product, Sales Excellence and Operational Agility. The key word
in this plan is “optimisation”, and what we mean by this is that we are not reliant on a single area of growth to be
successful. We have multiple levers for growth, both in our organic business and through M&A opportunities.

* Organic growth: We have a clear strategy for organic growth and our multiple levers mean we are not
reliant on a single area of growth. Our key levers for growth are:

Increase volume renewal rates;

Price increases;

Selling more licences within the organisations we already serve;

Product cross-sell opportunities within our existing client base; and

Selling to new clients. We have +4,600 clients in an overall immediate addressable market of
125,000 companies.

We have made progress against our ambition of reaching annual 10% organic growth, achieving organic
underlying constant currency revenue growth of 8% and growth in organic underlying constant currency
invoiced forward revenues of 10%. The latter provides a strong foundation for growth in the current year.

* M&A: During the fourth quarter we completed two acquisitions: the Life Sciences business, which adds drug
pricing data, as well as other critical Life Sciences data and analysis to our existing world-class
pharmaceuticals intelligence; and the LMC Automotive and Agribusiness information businesses (together
“LMC’). The integration processes are ongoing and on track.

Both acquisitions represent strategic bolt-ons of data assets, which are reflective of our M&A strategy and
our capability to integrate assets into our One Platform model efficiently.

We assess potential acquisitions based upon our investment criteria of:

= Quality product/service that meets the definition of “gold standard” (demonstrated by strong renewal
rates);

* Adds depth to an existing vertical or gives us access to a new vertical/horizontal data sets that
complements our current coverage;

= Recurring revenue and operating gearing;

* — Synergy opportunities; and

* Global and scalable product.

We continue to have a strong pipeline of potential M&A targets, which we are actively progressing.

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT (continued)

The four pillars of our Growth Optimisation Plan:

Customer Obsession
Customer Obsession is central to our strategy. It runs through everything we do and we continue to focus
on client needs and on providing unique and innovative solutions.

We have several ongoing initiatives aimed at giving our clients world-class solutions delivered with
exceptional levels of service.

« Focused on our top tier clients: We have initiated an ongoing project to deepen our relationships
and further embed our products within our top tier clients. This initiative is based on the enhanced
collaboration of our sales teams, analysts, custom research consultants and relationship/client
services to truly put our clients first. Aided by our in-house proprietary technology platform
Customer360, which pulls together external intelligence with internal metrics on usage, the team
has been tasked to increase our understanding of our clients and demonstrate how our varied
solutions can help our clients with the challenges they are facing and help them better succeed in
their markets.

e Use of client focused technology: We have also developed a proprietary technology tool,
‘Intelligraph’, which gathers data on all our clients and delivers key insights into their business needs
and product requirements. This allows us to better serve all our clients and provide timely solutions
to the matters of highest priority to our clients.

e Increased investment in customer service: Over the past 18 months we have significantly
increased the size of our customer success and relationship management teams. Since June 2020,
we have nearly doubled the size of this team to 111, demonstrating our commitment to service
excellence.

World-Class Products
The core value to our clients is the unique and proprietary “gold standard” data. We continue to develop our
capabilities within each individual vertical, to maintain quality and enhance existing data sets.

We continued to enhance our cross-vertical use of business fundamentals (e.g. Companies, Deals, News,
Macroeconomics), proprietary thematic and ESG intelligence, and expand our innovative horizontal
“Alternative” data and analytics. As part of the integration of the Life Sciences and LMC businesses, these
valuable insight tools will be integrated into their core offering as part of our One Platform to enrich the
existing gold standard data consumed by their client base. These integrated capabilities help to differentiate
our products in the marketplace by providing our clients with a richer and more complete intelligence offering.

We have also increased our focus on our free-to-access B2B industry websites and are using our platform
and data to enhance our network of sites at speed and scale. Our proprietary data and insights give us the
unique platform to create differentiated editorial content and data journalism. As a result of this, we have
developed a global audience of engaged professionals, with many of our sites now in the Top-3 within their
segment for traffic, which is key for increasing our overall brand awareness.

We have increased our focus on our custom solutions offering to drive additional engagement and deliver
additional, high-value solutions for our clients which complement the subscription service. We can now see
some early demonstrable success within this team, with revenue growth of 16% compared to 2020. We see
custom solutions as a key driver towards greater penetration within our existing clients, which will help us
increase value of existing clients creating larger accounts.

Sales Excellence

Our sales teams have performed well during 2021 with good growth momentum demonstrated in the closing
invoiced forward revenue and deferred revenue numbers (10% and 9% in organic underlying constant
currency growth, respectively).

The key focuses for the sales team in 2021 have been to deepen the relationships with our top clients and
execute upsell and cross-sell opportunities, increase the number of Multi-year Deals and penetrate new
client opportunities.

10

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT (continued)

As a business, we are continually focusing on making our sales efforts as efficient as possible. During 2021,
we started to embed automation into our sales processes, and while this is only in its infancy for the business,
it presents a real opportunity for growth going forward. This includes automated and client-friendly renewal
processes as well as developing a sustained inbound lead pipeline.

Operational Agility

We have delivered strong organic growth and executed well on M&A during 2021 within our existing cost
structure. Our ability to maintain a relatively fixed cost base, while having the agility to allocate resources for
growth and product development is a core asset of our