BETA Close X Futura Medical plc has announced highly positive results from two studies on WSD4000, a product aimed at improving female sexual function. The Home User Test, involving 228 women over four weeks, showed significant improvements, with 78% reporting better overall sexual function and 84% liking the product's sensory feel after four uses. A placebo-controlled study in 33 women demonstrated WSD4000's statistical superiority to placebo in key measures like arousal, sensation, and lubrication. These findings enhance confidence in WSD4000's commercial potential, with the company planning to commence a pivotal clinical study by the end of 2026, subject to funding, and anticipating a market launch from early 2028. Disclaimer* Futura Medical PLC 30 June 2026 30 June 2026 Futura Medical plc ("Futura", "the Group" or the "Company") Highly positive data from WSD4000 studies Futura Medical (AIM: FUM), the consumer healthcare Group behind Eroxon®, that specialises in the development and global commercialisation of innovative and clinically proven sexual health products, is pleased to report the results from two studies on WSD4000: the Home User Test ('HUT') and the Placebo (Sham) Controlled Study. The positive results from both studies enhance the Company's belief in the commercial potential for WSD4000 and demonstrate that WSD4000 is superior to placebo (sham) thereby enabling it to proceed with the clinical study with high confidence of success. The Company expects to commence the clinical study by the end of 2026, subject to additional funding. Home User Test results summary WSD4000 was evaluated in 228 pre-, peri or post-menopausal women over a 4-week period. The results demonstrated that WSD4000 markedly improved sexual function from using the product. 78% of women reported a general improvement in all or most aspects of sex. 78% reported a more satisfying experience and 75% noticed having some increase in interest in having sex; 81% noticed an improvement to their overall sexual function. Overall, 68% of women rated the product 4 or 5 stars. 77% of participants had improved sexual experience after one use which increased to 84% after four uses. More specifically, after four uses: · 83% of women experienced improved lubrication (wetness) · 82% experienced improved genital sensation · 75% experienced improved arousal · 71% experienced faster arousal · 66% experienced greater ability to achieve orgasm · 61% experienced greater intensity of orgasm · 58% experienced less pain and discomfort during sex The study also showed that, in general, the product was well tolerated, with only 18% of women experiencing a transient unpleasant sensory effect but many of those still wished to continue to use the product. The sensory effect described as unpleasant in some subjects can be mitigated when commercialised by clear consumer explanation highlighting that this is part of the mode of action of the product The vast majority (84%) of women in the study claimed to like the sensory feel and lack of aroma of the product. Placebo (sham) controlled study summary A placebo ('sham' in US regulatory terminology) controlled study was conducted in order to design the most cost-effective clinical study to deliver a statistically significant and clinically meaningful result. WSD4000 was evaluated versus a placebo control in an "in-clinic" cross-over study in 33 pre- and post-menopausal women. WSD4000 was statistically superior to placebo in each of the key measures (arousal, genital sensation and lubrication) at 1 min, 2 min, 3, min, 5 min, 10 min and 15 min intervals. The results give the Company a high degree of confidence that WSD4000 will have superior efficacy to placebo(sham) in the pivotal clinical study and that subject numbers in the study will be at a cost-effective level. Ken James, Executive Director and Head of R&D commented: " We are delighted to report this positive data from the two studies for WSD4000. The results give us confidence that WSD4000 can become the first clinically proven, regulatory approved multi-symptom treatment for sexual problems in women. We anticipate WSD4000 market launch being from early 2028, subject to completion of the pivotal clinical trial and regulatory approval. We look ahead with confidence as we take the next steps towards bringing this unique product to an under-served market." Studies re-affirm market potential for WSD4000 Independent research data 1 conducted in the US with 1,000 subjects shows that 60% of women have suffered from at least one symptom of impaired sexual response and function in the prior twelve months . Only 1 in 4 of those impacted women seek professional help. Few women (13%) experience an improvement in symptoms overtime and for 37% symptoms get worse over time​. Currently, there is no known regulatory approved topical treatment globally for impaired sexual response and function in women that is available over the counter. 1 Market research conducted by Ipsos showed 60% of women have experienced symptoms of sexual dysfunction over the last twelve months and 49% of women want to treat their symptoms. Current US female population between the ages of 22 and 75 is 113 million, of which 68 million experience symptoms. Contacts: Futura Medical plc Alex Duggan Chief Executive Officer Angela Hildreth Finance Director and COO investor.relations@futuramedical.com +44 (0)1483 685 670 www.futuramedical.com Panmure Liberum Nominated Adviser and Broker Emma Earl, Will Goode, Mark Rogers (Corporate Finance) +44 (0)20 3100 2000 Turner Pope Investments (TPI) Ltd - Broker Guy McDougall, Andrew Thacker +44 (0) 20 3657 0050 Alma Strategic Communications Rebecca Sanders-Hewett, Sam Modlin, Sarah Peters +44 (0)20 3405 0205 futura@almastrategic.com Notes to Editors: Futura Medical plc (AIM: FUM) is the developer of innovative, consumer-focused, sexual health products, including lead product Eroxon® and development projects WSD4000 and Eroxon® Intense. Our core strength lies in our research, development, regulatory and business development expertise in developing innovative, clinically proven, insight-led and effective products to support our customers in the growing sexual health market. Sexual health issues are prevalent globally in both men and women. Erectile Dysfunction ("ED") impacts 1 in 5 men globally across all adult age brackets, with approximately half of all men over 40 experiencing ED and 25% of all new diagnoses being in men under 40. 60% of women experience at least one symptom of impaired sexual response or function in a twelve-month period, with only one in four women seeking professional help and remaining chronically underserved. Eroxon®, Futura's clinically proven lead product, has been developed for the treatment of ED. The highly differentiated product, which is the only topical gel treatment for ED available over the counter and helps men get an erection fast, addresses significant unmet needs in the ED market. Multiple license or distribution partnerships are in place for Eroxon®, across major consumer markets. WSD4000 is a project name for our development female sexual health portfolio, starting with the creation of a range of topical gels under our unique platform technology, specifically designed to treat symptoms of sexual dysfunction in women. There is currently no known regulatory approved OTC treatment available for impaired sexual response and function in women. WSD4000 has the potential to be an effective, breakthrough treatment for the common symptoms associated with impaired sexual response and function, such as lack of desire, arousal, lubrication and ability to orgasm. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Futura Medical (FUM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and