BETA Close X GlobalData Plc announced that Robert Kingston will join as Chief Financial Officer on September 7, 2026, and formally join the board on September 30, 2026, succeeding Graham Lilley who will step down on the same date. Kingston previously served as CFO at Keywords Studios and held senior finance and operational roles at Sky plc for 25 years. His appointment does not require further disclosure under UK Listing Rules, though he will resign from his directorship at Keywords Studios Limited around August 24, 2026. Disclaimer* GlobalData PLC 24 June 2026 24 June 2026 GlobalData Plc ("the Company") Board changes Further to the announcement on 2 nd March 2026, GlobalData Plc, a leading data, insights, and technology company, is pleased to announce that its incoming Chief Financial Officer, Robert (Rob) Kingston, will join the Group with effect from 7 th September 2026. He will work alongside the current Chief Financial Officer, Graham Lilley, to ensure a smooth transition, following which Graham will step down from his role as Chief Financial Officer and board member with effect from 30 th September 2026. Rob will be formally appointed as a board director in the role of Chief Financial Officer on 30 th September 2026. Rob will join the Company from Keywords Studios where he undertook the role of Chief Financial Officer. He previously spent 25 years at Sky plc in progressively senior finance and operational roles including Finance Director of Sky's Content Business, Group Director of Investor Relations and latterly as an Executive Director to the Group CEO. Rob is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. There are no disclosures to be made in accordance with UKLR 6.4.8 R of the UK Listing Rules in relation to Rob Kingston's appointment save that he has served as a director of formerly AIM-listed Keywords Studios Limited from 1 July 2023 and will resign from this position on or around 24 August 2026. -ENDS- ENQUIRIES GlobalData Plc 0207 936 6400 Mike Danson, Chief Executive Officer Graham Lilley, Chief Financial Officer FTI Consulting (Financial PR) 0203 727 1000 Edward Bridges globaldata@fticonsulting.com Dwight Burden Emma Hall This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Globaldata (DATA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 41 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 41 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 41 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 41 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and