1 
 
 
 
 
2026 Q1 Trading Statement1   
Three months ended 31 March 2026 (unaudited)  
 
 
Q1 organic revenue growth of +2.2% with North America returning to growth  
 
● 
 
● 
 
● 
 
● 
Organic revenue growth2 of 2.2% with price up 2.4% and volume down 0.2%, weak cold and flu season 
estimated at c.130 bps impact in the quarter 
North America delivered organic revenue growth of 1.0% despite a weak cold and flu season with  
growth initiatives progressing well 
Continued strong momentum in Oral Health driven by Sensodyne and parodontax  
Innovation remains a key growth driver. Highlights include continued roll out of innovation across 
Sensodyne Clinical Platform, Panadol Dual Action and activations across Centrum 
Emerging markets organic revenue growth of 4.3% reflected a weaker macro-economic backdrop and 
performance in Brazil, and soft cold and flu season in APAC and Central & Eastern Europe 
 
 
Disciplined capital allocation underpinning shareholder returns   
● £500m allocated to share buybacks in 2026 with c.36% completed    
. 
Reiterating FY 2026 guidance  
● 
● 
● 
FY 2026 organic revenue growth of 3-5% with growth expected to accelerate in remainder of the year 
Supply chain productivity initiatives continuing to drive gross margin expansion and investment  
High-single digit adjusted operating profit growth at constant currency 
 
  
 
Brian McNamara, Chief Executive Officer, said:  
“We delivered a competitive performance in a challenging market, with North America returning to growth 
and Oral Health again performing strongly, with innovation and geographic expansion driving double -digit 
growth in Sensodyne and parodontax. This was tempered by a weak cold and flu season. 
  
We continue to make progress against our other strategic priorities, with our productivity initiatives driving 
strong gross margin improvement, supporting our confidence in high single-digit operating profit growth for 
the year. We are also moving forward on the operating model changes we set out in January, which are 
designed to drive growth and agility.  
 
Looking ahead, while we continue to navigate global geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties, we 
expect growth to accelerate across the balance of the year and remain on track to deliver on our FY 
guidance.” 
 
 
Footnotes can be found on page 2
Q1 20261 
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
Reported  
revenue 
(£m) 
Organic 
revenue 
growth2 
Reported 
revenue 
growth 
Haleon 2,857 +2.2% +0.1% 
Geographical segment    
North America 932 +1.0% (4.9)% 
EMEA & LatAm 1,240 +2.1% +4.4% 
APAC 685 +4.0% 0.0% 
    
Product category    
Oral Health 932 +8.3% +5.9% 
VMS 414 +1.7% (0.5)% 
Pain Relief 654 (0.3)% (1.1)% 
Respiratory Health 499 (3.4)% (5.0)% 
Digestive Health 239 (0.4)% (5.9)% 
Therapeutic Skin Health and Other 119 +3.0% +1.7% 
29 April 2026
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
  
 
2026 Outlook  
For FY 2026 the Group continues to expect: 
• Organic revenue growth of 3%-5% 
• High-single digit adjusted operating profit growth at constant currency 
• Net interest c.£255m; Adjusted effective tax rate c.24.5% 
 
Foreign exchange  
The Group now expects a broadly neutral foreign exchange translation impact on net revenue and adjusted 
operating profit respectively, this is based on Bloomberg forward consensus rates averaged over 20265.  
 
Medium term guidance 
Haleon’s medium-term guidance is as follows: 
• 4-6% annual organic revenue growth 
• High-single digit adjusted operating profit growth at constant currency 
 
Notes and forward looking statements 
1. All numbers within this release are unaudited and are organic unless referenced otherwise. The commentary in this announcemen t contains forward looking statements and should 
be read in conjunction with the cautionary note in the Appendix 
2. Reported revenue is calculated at the average rate for the period. Organic revenue growth is calculated at constant currency and excludes the impact of divestments, acquisitions, 
manufacture and supply agreements (MSAs) relating to divestments and closure of production sites. The difference between repo rted and organic revenue growth is predominantly 
due to adjustment to recalculate the reported results as if they had been generate d at prior year exchange rates. Organic revenue growth, organic operating pro fit growth and 
adjusted operating profit are non-IFRS measures; definitions and calculations of organic revenue growth can be found in the Appendix 
3. Market share statements throughout this announcement are estimates based on the Group’s analysis of third -party market data of revenue including IQVIA, IRI and Nielsen data. 
Represents % of brand-market combinations gaining or maintaining share (this analysis covers c.90% of Haleon’s total revenue) 
4. Classification of developed and emerging markets sourced from The International Monetary Fund DataMapper 2022 
5. As of 31 March 2026
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
Presentation for analysts and shareholders  
A short presentation followed by Q&A will be hosted by Brian McNamara, Chief Executive Officer, and Dawn 
Allen, Chief Financial Officer at 9:00am BST (10:00am CEST) on 29 April 2026, which can be accessed at 
www.haleon.com/investors/. 
For analysts and shareholders wishing to ask questions on the Q&A call, please use the dial -in details below 
which will have a Q&A facility:  
UK:              +44 (0) 808 189 0158  
US:              +1 855 979 6654  
All other:      +44 (0) 203 936 2999  
Passcode:      975813  
 
An archived webcast of the presentation will be available later on the day of the results and can be accessed 
at www.haleon.com/investors. 
 
Financial timetable  
 
Annual General Meeting 29 April 2026 
H1 2026 Results 30 July 2026 
Q3 2026 Trading Statement  29 October 2026 
 
 
Enquiries  
Investors Media 
 
Jo Russell    +44 7787 392441 Zoë Bird +44 7736 746167 
Rakesh Patel       +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 
Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com  
 
About Haleon plc  
Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, 
our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of 
consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements 
(VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior 
brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensody ne, Theraflu and Voltaren  
are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the 
world. For more information please visit www.haleon.com
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
4 
 
Regional review 
 
Performance by geographical segment for the three months ended 31 March: 
 
 Revenue (£m)  Revenue change (%)  
 2026 2025  Organic1 Price1 Vol/Mix1 FX 
impact 
Net M&A 
impact Reported1 
North America 932 980  1.0% 3.7% (2.7)% (5.9)% - (4.9)% 
EMEA & LatAm 1,240 1,188  2.1% 2.6% (0.5)% 2.3% - 4.4% 
APAC 685 685  4.0% 0.3% 3.7% (3.9)% (0.1)% 0.0% 
Group  2,857 2,853  2.2% 2.4% (0.2)% (2.1)% (0.0)% 0.1% 
 
 
1. Reported revenue is calculated at the average rate for the period. Organic revenue growth is calculated at constant curren cy and excludes the impact of 
divestments, acquisitions, manufacture and supply agreements (MSAs) relating to divestments and closure of production sites. The difference between reported 
and organic revenue growth is predominantly due to adjustment to recalculate the reported results as if they had been generated at prior year exchange rates. 
Price and volume/mix are components of organic revenue growth. Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found in the Appendix. 
 
All commentary below refers to organic revenue growth unless otherwise stated. 
 
Key regional performance was as follows: 
North America  
Q1 organic revenue growth was up 1.0% with 3.7% price and (2.7)% volume/mix with strength in Oral Health 
partly offset by a weak cold and flu season.   
 
Haleon outperformed a declining market led by double digit growth in Oral Health and mid -single digit growth 
in VMS. Oral Health benefitted from innovation launches including Sensodyne Clinical Repair  and parodontax 
Gum Strengthen & Protect which has seen strong consumer feedback. Early data indicates Sensodyne Clinical 
Repair is a leading innovation in the category. VMS growth was driven by Centrum supported by activation of 
clinical claims on Centrum Silver around biological ageing. Across OTC, Respiratory Health performance reflected 
a strong performance in allergy which was more than offset by a double -digit decline in cold and flu products. 
Within Pain Relief, the overall market declined with Haleon outperforming in Advil following activation of No Pain 
More Gain campaign. Digestive Health growth was led by strength in Benefiber and Tums, partially offset by 
Nexium. 
 
Growth in North America is expected to accelerate through the year . This will be  underpinned by shelf-resets 
and increased distribution across Oral Health, VMS and Pain Relief, innovation roll out including Excedrin Rapid 
Relief, Centrum Age Defy and Sensodyne Clinical Repair and a reduced drag from Respiratory Health . This, 
alongside focused initiatives to drive growth including our partnership with US Soccer during the FIFA World Cup 
2026 with campaigns taking effect from May 2026, will support performance.  
 
Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LatAm) 
Q1 organic revenue grew 2.1% with 2.6% price and (0.5)% volume/mix.  
 
In Europe, where consumption remained soft, Haleon outperformed in the pharmacy and mass market channels. 
A weak cold and flu season in Central and Eastern Europe was offset by broad-based strength in Oral Health . 
Market share gains across Sensodyne and parodontax were supported by launches of the Sensodyne Clinical 
platform in Germany and Italy and, parodontax intensive gum repair in UK. Middle East & Africa saw a strong 
performance supported by innovation launches in Pain Relief including Panadol Dual Action and Voltaren 2%. 
Whilst performance was not significantly impacted by the evolving geopolitical conflicts, we are monitoring the 
situation closely. Growth in Latin America slowed driven by a weaker macro backdrop in Brazil resulting in higher 
promotional activity impacting Haleon’s competitiveness. Performance is expected to improve in Latin America 
in the balance of the year with new activations expected to drive growth. 
 
Across the region, VMS declined with growth in Centrum supported by in-market execution and the launch of 
the Centrum Biotic+ range in Germany addressing gut -health offset by declines in local brands. Within OTC, 
Pain Relief was led by growth in Voltaren and Panadol. Respiratory Health grew due to the ongoing strength in 
Otrivin Nasal Mist, and Digestive Health was impacted by declines in ENO in Brazil.
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
5 
 
Asia Pacific (APAC) 
Q1 organic revenue growth in APAC was 4.0% with 3.7% volume/mix and price of 0.3%.  
 
Volume led growth was driven by China, India, South-East Asia and Taiwan, and Australia and New Zealand 
reflecting innovation, e-comm channel growth combined with successful in-market execution. Overall growth in 
the region was held back by a weak cold and flu season, particularly in China.  
 
In Asia-Pacific, consumers continue to prioritise everyday health through personalisation and specialised 
benefits. In the quarter, we expanded our Centrum Daily Kits in China with benefits for metabolism, liver and 
cardio. This was initially launched across e-comm and is performing well. India grew double digit led by strong 
momentum in Oral Health underpinned by the launch of Sensodyne Pronamel. 
 
Across the region, Oral Health grew double digit underpinned by innovation. Within OTC, Pain Relief saw 
particular strength in Voltaren and Panadol. A double digit decline in Respiratory Health reflected a weaker cold 
and flu season whilst Therapeutic Skin Health and Other saw strong consumption-led performance in Bactroban. 
 
Moving forward we continue to invest, especially in India and China to drive growth, in building enhanced digital 
capabilities to drive in market execution alongside innovation launches. 
 
Category review 
 
Revenue by product category for the three months ended 31 March: 
 
 Revenue (£m)  Revenue change (%)  
 2026 2025  Organic1 FX 
impact 
Net M&A 
impact Reported1  
Oral Health 932 880  8.3% (2.4)% - 5.9% 
VMS 414 416  1.7% (2.2)% - (0.5)% 
Pain Relief 654 661  (0.3)% (0.8)% - (1.1)% 
Respiratory Health 499 525  (3.4)% (1.6)% - (5.0)% 
Digestive Health 239 254  (0.4)% (5.5)% - (5.9)% 
Therapeutic Skin Health and Other 119 117  3.0% (0.9)% (0.4)% 1.7% 
Group revenue 2,857 2,853  2.2% (2.1)% (0.0)% 0.1% 
 
1. Reported revenue is calculated at the average rate for the period. Organic revenue growth is calculated at constant curren cy and excludes the impact of 
divestments, acquisitions, manufacture and supply agreements (MSAs) relating to divestments and closure of production sites. The difference between reported 
and organic revenue growth is predominantly due to adjustment to recalculate the reported results as if they had been generated at prior year exchange rates. 
Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found in the Appendix. 
 
 
All commentary below refers to organic revenue growth unless otherwise stated.  
Key category performance was as follows: 
 
Oral Health 
Oral Health  continues to perform strongly with organic revenue up 8.3% with double -digit growth in both 
Sensodyne and parodontax. Strong momentum was supported by innovations which drove both penetration and 
broad-based market share gains across a number of markets. In particular, in the US we successfully launched 
parodontax Gum Strengthen & Protect and  Sensodyne Clinical Repair which enabled Haleon to grow at four 
times the market supported by strong consumption.  
 
Our lower income consumer range of Sensitivity + Cavity toothpaste is now in over 65 markets. In India this 
has driven strong results with 70% of units being purchased by new consumers to the brand. In Denture Care, 
low-single digit growth was underpinned by the Max Hold+ Premium range of adhesive, now in over 40 markets.
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
6 
 
VMS  
Organic revenue grew 1.7% with strength in Centrum driven by broad-based growth across all three regions. 
In North America, Centrum grew high-single-digit helped by the launch of Centrum Nutrient Replenish targeting 
GLP-1 users, alongside continued strength in Centrum Silver. In APAC and Europe , growth was supported by 
innovations including an upgraded Daily Kits offering in China and Centrum Biotic+ in Germany. 
 
Caltrate consumption remained healthy supported by innovations such as Caltrate Kids, though overall organic 
revenue growth was flat after lapping a tough comparative. Whilst Emergen-C gained share, this was against a 
weak overall category which declined given a weaker cold and flu season in North America. 
 
Pain Relief  
Organic revenue was broadly flat, with strength in Panadol and Voltaren offset by Advil. Voltaren’s performance 
was supported by innovation, including the launch of Voltaren 2% Gel  in India and Saudi Arabia, alongside 
continued strong momentum in China driving further share gains. Outperformance in China, was supported by 
enhanced advertising campaigns and increased distribution in the hospital channel. Panadol maintained solid 
momentum, underpinned by share gains from the That’s One for Panadol  campaign which is being rolled out 
globally following strong success in Australia. Advil declined despite market share gains due to the US pain 
market weakness. Outperformance in Advil was supported by the No Pain More Gain campaign launched in July 
2025 in the US which has driven sustained share growth improvement.  
 
Respiratory Health  
Organic revenue declined 3.4%, reflecting a weak cold and flu season, particularly in North America, Central & 
Eastern Europe and China. This was partly offset by strong growth in Flonase, supported by improved instore 
execution and expert endorsement, and by Otrivin, driven by the expansion of Otrivin Nasal Mist across Middle 
East & Africa and Central & Eastern Europe. Smokers Health declined double-digit.  
   
Digestive Health  
Organic revenue declined 0.4% with growth in Benefiber and Tums supported by activations including Tums 
Chewy Bites. This was offset by a double digit decline in ENO where growth in Brazil is expected to improve with 
targeted activation around the FIFA World Cup 2026 . Nexium also declined, with performance broadly in line 
with the Proton Pump Inhibitor (PPI) category. 
 
Therapeutic Skin Health and Other    
Therapeutic Skin Health and Other organic revenue grew 3.0%. Abreva saw strong performance along with 
Bactroban supported by activation in China.  This was partly offset by a mid -single digit decline in Fenistil 
reflecting timing of orders.
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
7 
 
Appendix 
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements  
This document contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, ‘forward -looking statements’ 
(including for purposes of the safe harbor provisions for  forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A 
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section  21E of the Securities Exchange Act of  1934). Forward -looking 
statements give Haleon’s current expectations and projections about future events, including strategic initiatives 
and future financial condition and performance, and so Haleon’s actual results may differ materially from what 
is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words 
such as ‘expects’, ‘anticipates’, ‘believes’, ‘targets’, ‘plans’, ‘intends’, ‘aims’, ‘projects’, ‘indicates’, ‘may’, ‘might’, 
‘will’, ‘should’, ‘potential’, ‘could’ and words of similar meaning (or the negative thereof).  
All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this document are forward -looking 
statements. Such forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to future 
actions, prospective products or product approvals, delivery on strategic initiatives (including but not limited to 
acquisitions and dispositions, realisations of efficiencies and responsible business goals), future performance or 
results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, expectations with respect to the markets in 
which we operate, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, dividend payments and 
financial results. 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Haleon speak only as of the date they are made and 
are based upon the knowledge and information available to Haleon on the date of this document. These forward-
looking statements and views may be based  on a number of assumptions and, by their nature, involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances 
that may or may not occur in the future and/or are beyond Haleon’s control or precise estimate.  
Such risks, uncertainties and other factors that  could cause Haleon’s actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
the Group operates in a highly competitive market; the Group’s ability to execute and achieve its marketing and 
sales strategy and objectives is subject to challenges; the Group’s business results are impacted by the Group’s 
ability to manage disruptions in the Group’s global supply chain; increasing dependence on key retail customers, 
changes in the policies of the Group’s retail customers, the emergence of alternative retail channels and the 
rapidly changing retail landscape; the Group may not be able to develop and commercialise new products 
effectively; failure to retain key talent or attract new talent; damage to the Group’s reputation; failure to respond 
effectively to the challenges raised by climate change and other sustainability and ESG matters; the Group may 
not be able to sufficiently protect its intellectual property rights or avoid claims of infringement on the intellectual 
property rights of others; the Group may incur liabilities or be forced to recall products as a result of real or 
perceived product quality or other product-related issues; a cyber-security incident, data breach or a failure of 
a key information technology system; the Group relies on third parties in many aspects of its business; the 
Group may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to t echnologies or products, 
form and manage alliances, or divest businesses; risks relating to the Group’s leverage and debt service 
obligations; goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are a material component of the Group’s balance sheet 
and may be s ubject to impairments; the Group’s business is subject to legal and regulatory risks in all the 
markets in which it operates; the Group faces risks relating to the regulation and perception of  the ingredients 
it uses in its products; the Group’s business is subject to market fluctuations and general economic conditions, 
including inflationary pressures and increases in interest rates; risks related to litigation, disputes and regulatory 
investigations; the Group faces risks associated with significant inter national operations; volatility in material 
and other costs could materially and adversely impact the Group’s profitability; the Group’s business may be 
impacted by the effects of regional and local conflicts , including resulting volatility in energy price s, 
transportation routes, sanctions regimes, and foreign exchange markets ; failure to comply with regulation 
regarding the use of personal data; the Group is exposed to risks relating to fluctuations in currency exchange 
rates and related hedging activities; determinations made by the Group with respect to the application of tax  
law may result in challenges from or disputes with tax authorities which result in the payment of additional 
amounts for tax; changes in the tax systems of the countries in which the Group operates could adversely affect 
the Group’s financial condition and results of operations; and the Group has indemnification obligations in favour 
of the GSK Group and the Pfizer Group, which could be significant. See also our principal risks on pa ges 53 to
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
8 
 
56 and risk factors on pages 181 to 189 in Haleon’s Annual Report and Form 20 -F 2025. Forward -looking 
statements should, therefore, be construed in light of such risk factors and undue reliance should not be placed 
on forward-looking statements.  
Subject to our obligations under English and US law in relation to disclosure and ongoing information (including 
under the Market Abuse Regulations, the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the 
Financial Conduct Authority), we unde rtake no  obligation to update publicly or revise any forward -looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should, however, consult 
any additional disclosures that Haleon may make in any documents which it publishes and/or files with the SEC 
and take note of these disclosures, wherever you are located. 
No statement in this document is or is intended to be a profit forecast or profit estimate. 
 
Use of non-IFRS measures (unaudited) 
We use certain alternative performance measures to make financial, operating, and planning decisions and to 
evaluate and report performance. We believe these measures provide useful information to investors and  where 
clearly identified, we have included certain alternative performance measures in this document to allow investors 
to better analyse our business performance and allow greater comparability. To do so, we have excluded items 
affecting the comparability of period-over-period financial performance. These measures may be considered in 
addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS and may 
not be directly comparable with similar measures used by other companies. 
Additionally, we are unable to present reconciliations of forward -looking information for non -IFRS measures 
because we are unable to forecast accurately certain adjusting items required to present a meaningful 
comparable IFRS forward-looking financial measure. 
Constant currency  
The Group’s reporting currency is Pounds Sterling, but the Group’s significant international operations give rise 
to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. To neutralise foreign exchange impact and to better illustrate the 
change in results from one year to the next, the Group discusses its results both on an “as reported basis” or 
using actual exchange rates (AER) (local currency results translated into Pounds Sterling at the prevailing foreign 
exchange rate) and using constant currency exchange rates (CER). To calculate results on a constant currency 
basis, prior year average exchange rates are used to restate current year comparatives except for the local 
currency of entities that operate in hyperinflationary economies. These currencies are translated in to Pound 
Sterling using the prior year closing exchange rate. The principal currencies and relevant exchange rates in the 
key markets where the Group operates are shown below. 
     
  Three months to 31 March 
      2026      2025 
Average rates:     
US$/£    1.35   1.26 
Euro/£    1.15    1.20 
CNY/£    9.34    9.18 
  
Organic revenue growth 
Organic revenue represents revenue, as determined under IFRS, but excluding the impact of divestments, 
acquisitions, manufacture and supply agreements (MSAs) relating to divestments and closure of production 
sites, the impact of foreign currency exchange movements and price growth in excess of 26% in 
hyperinflationary economies from one period to the next. Inflation of 26% per year compounded over three 
years is one of the key indicators within IAS 29 to assess whether an economy is deemed to be hyperinflationary.  
 
The Group believes discussing organic revenue growth contributes to the understanding of the Group’s 
performance and trends because it allows for a year -on-year comparison of revenue in a meaningful and 
consistent manner.
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
9 
 
Organic revenue growth is calculated period to period as follows, using prior year average exchange rates to 
restate current year comparatives except for the local currency of entities that operate in hyperinflationary 
economies. These currencies are translated into Pound Sterling using the prior year closing exchange rate. 
 
− Current year organic revenue growth excludes revenue from brands or businesses acquired in the current 
accounting period.  
− Current year organic revenue growth excludes revenue attributable to brands or businesses acquired in 
the prior year from 1 January to the corresponding date of completion of the acquisition in current 
accounting period. 
− Prior year organic revenue growth excludes revenue in respect of brands or businesses divested or closed 
in the current accounting period from 12 months prior to the completion of the disposal or closure until 
the end of

---

ear is subtracted from organic 
revenue in the current year and divided by organic revenue in the prior year. 
 
Organic revenue growth by individual geographical segment is further discussed by price and volume/mix 
changes, which are defined as follows: 
 
− Price: Defined as the variation in revenue attributable to changes in prices during the period. Price 
excludes the impact to organic revenue growth due to (i) the volume of products sold during the period 
and (ii) the composition of products sold during the period . Price is calculated as current year net price 
minus prior year net price multiplied by current year volume. Net price is the sales price, after deduction 
of any trade, cash or volume discounts that can be reliably estimated at point of sale. Valu e added tax 
and other sales taxes are excluded from the net price.  In determining changes in price, we exclude the 
impact of price growth in excess of 26% per year in hyperinflationary economies as explained above. 
 
− Volume/Mix: Defined as the variation in revenue attributable to changes in volumes and composition 
of products sold in the period. 
 
The following tables reconcile reported revenue growth to organic revenue growth for the periods presented. 
 
 
         
  Geographical Segments 
Three months ended 31 March  North   EMEA and     
2026 vs 2025 (%)      America       LatAm  APAC  Total 
Revenue growth     (4.9)   4.4   —   0.1 
Organic adjustments     —   —   0.1   — 
Effect of exchange rates    5.9   (2.3)   3.9   2.1 
Organic revenue growth    1.0   2.1   4.0   2.2 
Price     3.7   2.6   0.3   2.4 
Volume/Mix    (2.7)   (0.5)   3.7   (0.2) 
 
 
         
  Geographical Segments 
Three months ended 31 March  North   EMEA and     
2025 vs 2024 (%)      America       LatAm      APAC      Total 
Revenue growth     (1.6)   (4.3)   0.4   (2.3) 
Organic adjustments     2.3   4.0   1.7   2.9 
Effect of exchange rates    0.3   5.3   2.1   2.9 
Organic revenue growth    1.0   5.0   4.2   3.5 
Price     (0.8)   5.6   1.5   2.4 
Volume/Mix    1.8   (0.6)   2.7   1.1
Q1 2026 Trading Statement  
Three months ended 31 March 2026 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
 
               
  Product Categories 
Three months ended 
31 March   
 
Oral     Pain   Respiratory   Digestive  Therapeutic Skin   
2026 vs 2025 (%)  Health  VMS  Relief  Health  Health   Health and Other  Total 
Revenue growth         5.9   (0.5)   (1.1)   (5.0)   (5.9)   1.7   0.1 
Organic adjustments     —   —   —   —   —   0.4   — 
Effect of exchange rates    2.4   2.2   0.8   1.6   5.5   0.9   2.1 
Organic revenue 
growth    8.3   1.7   (0.3)   (3.4)   (0.4)   3.0   2.2 
 
 
 
               
  Product Categories 
Three months ended 
31 March   
 
Oral     Pain   Respiratory   Digestive  Therapeutic Skin   
2025 vs 2024 (%)  Health  VMS  Relief  Health  Health   Health and Other  Total 
Revenue growth         3.0   (1.4)   (0.2)   (11.0)   (0.8)   (13.3)  (2.3) 
Organic adjustments     —   —   —   9.5   0.7  19.3    2.9 
Effect of exchange rates    3.6   2.3   2.8   2.2   2.4   4.4   2.9 
Organic revenue 
growth    6.6   0.9   2.6   0.7   2.3   10.4   3.5