BETA Close X Haleon plc announced board and committee changes effective January 1, 2026, with Alan Stewart succeeding Vindi Banga as Senior Independent Director. Stewart, who joined the board in September 2024 as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee, will retain this role and also serve on other committees. Vindi Banga will step down from the Audit & Risk and Remuneration Committees by December 31, 2025, and will become Chair of the Nominations & Governance Committee. Banga's remuneration as Chair will be £757,103 per annum. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 15 December 2025 Haleon plc: Board and Committee Changes 15 December 2025: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE: HLN) today announces that Alan Stewart will succeed Vindi Banga as Senior Independent Director ("SID"), upon Vindi's appointment as Chair with effect from 1 January 2026. Alan Stewart joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee in September 2024. Alan will remain Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee, Nominations & Governance Committee and Environmental & Social Sustainability Committee following his appointment as Senior Independent Director. In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024, Vindi will step down as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee effective 31 December 2025. Vindi will also step down as a member of the Remuneration Committee effective 31 December 2025 and be appointed Chair of the Nominations & Governance Committee effective 1 January 2026. Further to the announcement on 10 November 2025, the Company confirms that Vindi Banga's remuneration as Chair will be £757,103 per annum. Further details will be disclosed in the Company's 2025 Annual Report & Accounts. The Company confirms that there is no further information to be disclosed under the requirements of UKLR 6.4.6R. Amanda Mellor Company Secretary Enquiries Investors Media Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zo ë Bird +44 7736 746167 Rakesh Patel +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a global leader in consumer health, with a purpose to deliver better everyday health with humanity. Haleon's product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Its long-standing brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren - are built on trusted science, innovation and deep human understanding. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Greggs 16 minutes ago Greggs 54 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and