BETA Close X Haleon plc has commenced a share buyback programme to purchase ordinary shares up to an aggregate consideration of £500 million, with purchases to be carried out on the London Stock Exchange, CBoE Equities Europe, and/or Aquis. This programme, which began immediately and will end no later than 19 August 2026, aims to reduce the company's share capital and is in line with its capital allocation priorities. Purchases made before the 2026 Annual General Meeting will use authority granted at the 2025 AGM, while subsequent purchases will be subject to shareholder approval at the upcoming meeting. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 12 March 2026 Haleon plc: Commencement of £500m Share Buyback Programme 12 March 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company", or "Haleon") today announces that, as set out in the 2025 preliminary full year results announcement on 25 February 2026, it is commencing a share buyback programme to purchase ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company (the "Shares") up to an aggregate consideration of £500 million (the "Buyback Programme"), in line with its stated capital allocation priorities, including delivering attractive shareholder returns. In connection with the Buyback Programme, the Company has entered into an irrevocable agreement with HSBC Bank plc ("HSBC") for the purchase of Shares. Under the terms of this agreement, any purchases will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange, CBoE Equities Europe, and/or Aquis. HSBC will make its trading decisions independently of Haleon, including with respect to the timing of purchases and during any closed period. Purchases made under the Buyback Programme prior to the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting will be effected pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the 2025 AGM. Any purchases made following the 2026 AGM will be effected pursuant to the authority being sought from shareholders at that meeting, if approved. The Buyback Programme will commence immediately and end no later than 19 August 2026. All Shares purchased by the Company under the Buyback Programme will be cancelled and the purpose is to reduce the Company's share capital. Notes The maximum number of Shares that may be purchased as part of the Buyback Programme under the Company's existing authority obtained at its Annual General Meeting held on 28 May 2025 (the "2025 Authority") is 803,994,107, being the amount of the 2025 Authority not yet utilised as at the date of this announcement. The Company intends to seek shareholder approval for share buybacks of up to 10% of the Company's issued share capital at the Company's upcoming Annual General Meeting to be held in April 2026 (the "2026 Authority"). Any purchases of Shares under the Buyback Programme contemplated by this announcement will be effected within certain pre-set parameters and will be subject to the terms of the arrangement with HSBC. The Buyback Programme will operate in accordance with (i) the 2025 Authority or the 2026 Authority (as applicable); (ii) the assimilated UK Market Abuse Regulation No. 596/2014 and assimilated Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (in each case as they form part of law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (as amended) and (iii) Chapter 9 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules. There is no guarantee that the Buyback Programme will be implemented in full or of the number of Shares that will be bought back by the Company. The Company will make further regulatory announcements in respect of purchases of Shares under the Buyback Programme as they occur. Amanda Mellor Company Secretary Enquiries Investors Media Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zo ë Bird +44 7736 746167 Rakesh Patel +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and