BETA Close X Haleon plc has announced transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) on November 11, 2025, on the London Stock Exchange. Adrian Morris, General Counsel, acquired 33 Partnership Shares at £3.718992 each and was awarded 33 Matching Shares under the Share Reward Plan, for a total of 66 ordinary shares. Similarly, Tamara Rogers, Chief Marketing Officer, also acquired 33 Partnership Shares at £3.718992 each and received 33 Matching Shares, resulting in a total acquisition of 66 ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 12 November 2025 ​ Haleon plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding ​ 12 November 2025 : Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE:HLN) today announces notification and public disclosure in accordance with the requirements of The UK Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs"). On 12 November 2025, the Company received notification of the following transactions as detailed below. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Adrian Morris 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status General Counsel - PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Partnership Shares and award of Matching Shares under the Company's Share Reward Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.718992 33 £Nil 33 (Matching Shares) d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 66 - Price e) Date of the transaction 11 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tamara Rogers 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Marketing Officer - PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Partnership Shares and award of Matching Shares under the Company's Share Reward Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £ 3.718992 33 £Nil 33 (Matching Shares) d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 66 - Price e) Date of the transaction 11 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a global leader in consumer health, with a purpose to deliver better everyday health with humanity. Haleon's product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Its long-standing brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren - are built on trusted science, innovation and deep human understanding. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and