Haleon plc: Cash tender offer for outstanding 2027 3.375% Fixed Rate 
Notes 
 
London, 11 August 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company"  or “Haleon” ) (LSE/NYSE: HLN)  today 
announces that its wholly owned subsidiary, Haleon US Capital LLC (the “Offeror”) is offering to buy 
back any and all of its outstanding $1,999,350,000 3.375% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due March 2027. 
Bondholders will receive a price equal to the Total Consideration based on the Reference Yield and the 
Fixed Spread plus Accrued Interest (each as defined below) (the “Tender Offer”). 
 
This Tender Offer is in line with Haleon’s previously stated capital allocation priorities. Together, with 
the planned issue of new bonds, it is expected to  help the Company to proactively manage and 
optimise its debt portfolio. 
 
The Tender Offer is being made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to 
Purchase dated 11 August 2026 (the “Offer to Purchase”). Terms not defined in this announcement 
have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase. 
 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Offeror is offering 
to purchase any and all of the notes set forth in the table below (the “ Notes”). Notes purchased in 
the Tender Offer will be cancelled. The Tender Offer is not conditioned on any minimum principal 
amount of Notes being tendered. The consummation of the Tender Offer is subject to, and conditioned 
upon, the satisfaction or waiver, where permitted, of the conditions discussed in the Offer to Purchase, 
including the New Notes Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase). 
 
 
Title of Notes(1) 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding ISIN/CUSIP 
Reference 
Security(2) 
Fixed 
Spread(2) 
Bloomberg 
Reference 
Page 
$1,999,350,000 
3.375% Fixed Rate 
Senior Notes due 
2027 
$1,999,350,000 
 
ISIN: 
Registered: 
US36264FAK75 
144A: 
US36264FAB76 
Reg S: 
USU04020AB65 
 
CUSIP: 
Registered: 36264F 
AK7 
144A: 36264F AB7 
Reg S: U04020 AB6 
3.875% 
UST due 
March 31, 
2027 
10 bps FIT3 
 
(1) The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Haleon plc. 
(2) The “Total Consideration” per $1,000 principal amount of Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Expiration Date and 
not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase will be calculated as described in the Offer to Purchase using the Fixed 
Spread. See “Description of the Tender Offer—Total Consideration” in the Offer to Purchase. The Total Consideration does 
not include accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes from the last interest payment date to, but not including, the 
Settlement Date (the “Accrued Interest”), which will be paid in addition to the Total Consideration. 
The Tender Offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on 18 August 2026, unless extended 
or earlier terminated (such date and time, as the same may be extended or earlier terminated, the 
“Expiration Date”). Holders who desire to participate in the Tender Offer must validly tender their 
Notes at or prior to the Expiration Date. Tenders of Notes may be validly withdrawn at any time prior 
to the Expiration Date but tenders will thereafter be irrevocable, exc ept in certain limited 
circumstances where additional withdrawal rights are required by law.
The consummation of the Tender Offer is subject to, and conditioned upon, the satisfaction or waiver, 
where permitted, of the conditions discussed in the Offer to Purchase, including the New Notes 
Condition. The “New Notes Condition” means the condition that the Offeror successfully completes 
(on terms satisfactory to it in its sole discretion) and settles the proposed offering of USD-denominated 
Senior Fixed Rate Notes as announced on 11 August 2026. 
A Holder that has validly tendered, or indicated its firm intention to tender, its Notes for purchase 
pursuant to the Tender Offer prior to the Expiration Date and wishes to subscribe for New Notes in 
addition to tendering Notes for purchase pursuant to th e Tender Offer may, after having made a 
separate application for the purchase of such New Notes to a joint bookrunner of the issue of the New 
Notes, at the Offeror’s sole and absolute discretion, receive priority in the allocation of the New Notes, 
subject to the issue of the New Notes. The Offeror intends to consider among other factors whether 
the relevant investor seeking an allocation of New Notes has, prior to such allocation, validly tendered, 
or given a firm indication to the Offeror or the Dealer Managers that they intend to tender their Notes 
pursuant to the Tender Offer and if so, the aggregate principal amount of such Notes tendered or 
intended to be tendered by such investor. Any allocation of the New Notes may, subject to the Offeror’s 
sole and absolute discretion, be less than, equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes tendered or firmly indicated to be tendered. However, the Offeror is not obliged to allocate 
the New Notes to a Holder who has validly tendered or indicated its firm intention to tender its Notes 
pursuant to the Tender Offer. Any allocation of the New Notes, while being considered by the Offeror 
as set out above, will be made in accordance with standard new issue procedures. This announcement 
is not an offer with respect to any such New Notes. 
The Tender Offer is not conditioned on any minimum principal amount of Notes being tendered. Notes 
may be tendered only in principal amounts equal to the minimum denomination of $250,000 and 
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 
Holders who validly tender and who do not validly withdraw Notes at or prior to the Expiration Date 
and whose Notes are accepted for purchase by the Offeror will receive the “ Total Consideration”. 
The Total Consideration payable for the Notes will be a price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, 
calculated with reference to the Settlement Date, that would reflect a yield to the maturity date of the 
Notes equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Yiel d determined at the Price Determination Time, plus 
(ii) the Fixed Spread. The Total Consideration will be determined as set out in the calculation in 
Schedule A to the Offer to Purchase. 
The “Reference Yield” means the bid side yield to maturity, determined in accordance with market 
convention, of the Reference Security, based on the bid price for the Reference Security as reported 
on the Bloomberg Reference Page at the Price Determination Time. The sum of the Fixed Spread and 
the Reference Yield is referred to as the “Repurchase Yield”. 
The “Price Determination Time” is expected to be 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on 18 August, 
2026.  
In addition to the Total Consideration, Holders whose Notes are accepted for purchase will be paid the 
Accrued Interest on the Settlement Date. Interest will cease to accrue on the Settlement Date for all 
Notes accepted in the Tender Offer. The Settlement Date will promptly follow the Expiration Date and 
is expected to be 21 August 2026, which is the third business day after the Expiration Date, unless 
extended. 
Holders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which 
they hold their Notes as to when such intermediary needs to receive instructions from a Holder in 
order for that Holder to be able to participate in the Tender Offer before the deadlines specified herein 
and in the Offer to Purchase. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and the Depository Trust 
Company for the submission and withdrawal of tender instructions will also be earlier than the relevant 
deadlines specified herein and in the Offer to Purchase. 
The results of the Tender Offer are expected to be announced promptly following the Expiration Date.
This press release will be available on www.haleon.com. Copies of the Offer to Purchase are available 
to holders of the Notes (“ Holders”) through the Tender and Information Agent, Global Bondholder 
Services Corporation at its website https://www.gbsc-usa.com/haleon/ or by calling (212) 430-3774 
(bank and brokers call collect) or (855) 654-2014 (all others please call toll-free). 
The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are: 
Merrill Lynch International  
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ  
United Kingdom  
Attention: Liability Management Group 
Telephone (Europe): +44 20 7996 5420  
Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 292-0070 
Telephone (U.S.): +1 (980) 387-3907  
Email: DG.LM-EMEA@bofa.com 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC  
Brookfield Place  
200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor  
New York, NY 10281  
Attention: Liability Management Group  
In Europe: +44 20 7029 0113  
Toll-Free: (877) 381-2099  
Collect: (212) 618-7843  
Email: liability.management@rbccm.com 
The Tender and Information Agent for the Tender Offer is: 
Global Bondholder Services Corporation 
 
65 Broadway – Suite 404 
New York, New York 10006 
Attn: Corporate Actions 
 
Bank and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 430-3774 
All Others Please Call Toll-Free: (855) 654-2014 
E-mail: contact@gbsc-usa.com 
Tender Offer Website: https://www.gbsc-usa.com/haleon/ 
 
Non-U.S. Distribution Restrictions 
United Kingdom. The communication of this announcement, the Offer to Purchase and any other 
documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer is not being made by and such documents and/or 
materials have not been approved by an “authorised person” for the purposes of s ection 21 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “ FSMA”). Accordingly, such documents 
and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the 
United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials is exempt from the 
restriction on financial promotions under section 21(1) of the FSMA on the basis that it is only directed 
at and may only be communicated to and may only be acted upon by: (1) persons who are outside of 
the United Kingdom; (2) investment professionals falling within the definition contain ed in Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, 
the “Order”); (3) those persons who are existing members or creditors of the Offeror or other persons 
falling within Article 43(2) of the Order; or (4) any other persons to whom such documents and/or 
materials may lawfully be communicated in accordance with the Orde r (all such persons together 
being referred to as “relevant persons”). This announcement and any other documents or materials 
relating to the Tender Offer are only available to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant 
person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
France. The Tender Offer is not being made, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of France (other 
than to qualified investors as described below). This announcement, the Offer to Purchase and any 
other document or material relating to the Tender Offer have only been, and shall only be, distributed 
in the Republic of France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). None of this announcement, the Offer to Purchase nor any other 
documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been or will be submitted for clearance to 
the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Italy. None of the Tender Offer, this announcement, the Offer to Purchase or any other documents 
or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedure of 
the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to applicable Italian laws 
and regulations. The Tender Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) as an exempted 
offer pursuant to article 101 -bis, paragraph 3 -bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the “ Financial Services Act ”) and article 35 -bis, paragraph 4 of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended. Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes that 
are resident or located in Italy can tender their Notes for purchase through authorized persons (such 
as investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended, and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and in compliance with 
any other applicable laws and regulations and with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any 
other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with applicable laws and regulations 
concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the Notes or the Offer to Purchase. 
Belgium. None of this announcement, the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials 
relating to the Tender Offer have been, or will be, submitted or notified to, or approved or recognized 
by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority ( “Autorité des services et marchés 
financiers”/“Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten” ). The Tender Offer is not being made in 
Belgium by way of a public offering within the meaning of Articles 3, §1, 1° and 6, §1 of the Belgian 
Law of 1 April 2007 on public takeover bids ( “loi relative aux offres publiques d’acquisition”/“wet op 
de openbare overnamebiedingen” ), as amended or replaced from time to time. Accordingly, the 
Tender Offer may not be, and is not being, advertised and the Tender Offer will not be extended and 
this announcement, the Offer to Purchase and any other documents or materials relating to the Tender 
Offer (including any memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents) may not, 
have not, and will not, be distributed or made available, directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium 
other than to “ qualified investors ” (“investisseur qualifié”/“gekwalificeerde belegger” ) within the 
meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation acting on their own account. Insofar as Belgium 
is concerned, the Tender Offer is made only to qualified investors, as this term is defined above. 
Accordingly, the information contained in t his announcement, the Offer to Purchase or in any other 
documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer may not be used for any other purpose or disclosed 
or distributed to any other person in Belgium. 
This announcement is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase, a solicitation of 
an offer to purchase or a solicitation of consents with respect to any Notes. This announcement does 
not describe all the material terms of the Tender Offer and no decision should be made by any Holder 
on the basis of this announcement. The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are described in the 
Offer to Purchase. This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. The 
Offer to Purchase contains important information which should be read carefully before any decision 
is made with respect to the Tender Offer. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this 
announcement, or the Offer to Purchase, or the action it should t ake, it is recommended to seek its 
own financial and legal advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, immediately from its 
stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial, tax or legal adviser. 
Any individual or company whose Notes are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, 
trust company or other nominee must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Notes pursuant 
to the Tender Offer. 
None of the Offeror, Haleon, the Dealer Managers or their affiliates, or the Tender and Information 
Agent makes any recommendation, or has expressed an opinion, as to whether or not Holders should 
tender their Notes held by them pursuant to the Tender Offe r, or refrain from doing so. Each Holder 
should make its own decision as to whether to tender its Notes and if so, the principal amount of the 
Notes to tender. 
The Offeror has not filed this announcement or the Offer to Purchase with, and they have 
not been reviewed by, any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority of
any other country. No authority has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the Tender 
Offer, and it is unlawful and may be a criminal offense to make any representation to the 
contrary. 
The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offer to purchase Notes in any jurisdiction in which, or 
to or from any person to or from whom, it is unlawful to make such offer under applicable securities 
or blue sky laws. The distribution of the Offer to Purchase in certain jurisdictions is restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession the Offer to Purchase comes are required by each of the Offeror, 
Haleon, the Dealer Managers and the Tender and Information Agent to inform themselves about, and 
to observe, any such restrictions. 
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements 
Certain statements contained in this announcement are, or may be deemed to be, “forward -looking 
statements” (including for purposes of the safe harbor provisions for forward -looking statements 
contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934). Forward-looking statements give Haleon’s current expectations and projections about future 
events, including strategic initiatives and future financial condition and performance, and so Haleon’s 
actual results may differ materially from what is expressed o r implied by such forward -looking 
statements. Forward -looking statements sometimes use words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” 
“believes,” “targets,” “plans,” “intends,” “aims,” “projects,” “indicates,” “may,” “might,” “will,” 
“should,” “potential,” “could” and words of similar meaning (or the negative thereof). All statements, 
other than statements of historical facts, included in this  announcement are forward -looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to 
future actions, prospective products or product approvals, delivery on strategic initiatives (including 
but not limited to acquisitions, realizations of efficiencies an d responsible business goals), future 
performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of 
contingencies such as legal proceedings, dividend payments and financial results.  
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Haleon speak only as of the date they are 
made and are based upon the knowledge and information available to Haleon on the date of this 
announcement. These statements and views may be based on a number of assumptions and, by their 
nature, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors because they relate to 
events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future and/or are beyond 
Haleon’s control or precise estimate. Subject to our obligations under English and U.S. law in relation 
to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
Enquiries 
 
Investors Media  
Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zoë Bird +44 7736 746167 
Rakesh Patel       +44 7552 484646 Gemma Thomas  +44 7985 175048 
 
Email: investor-relations@haleon.com 
 
Email: corporate.media@haleon.com  
  
Treasury  
Mike Rowe +44 7775 012365  
Ben Checkland +44 7823 370368  
 
Email: cf-treasury@haleon.com 
 
 
About Haleon  
Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our 
people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the 
everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, 
Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and
Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, 
parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren – are trusted by more than one billion 
consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. 
  
For more information, please visit www.haleon.com.