BETA Close X As of March 31, 2026, Haleon plc has a total of 8,931,093,261 ordinary shares issued, with 12,548,735 held in treasury. This leaves 8,918,544,526 ordinary shares with voting rights, which shareholders should use as the denominator for calculating any notifiable interests or changes under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 01 April 2026 Haleon plc: Total Voting Rights and Capital 01 April 2026: As at 31 March 2026 the total number of shares issued by Haleon plc ("Haleon" or the "Company") is 8,931,093,261 ordinary shares of £0.01 each, of which 12,548,735 are held as treasury shares. Therefore, the number of ordinary shares with voting rights is 8,918,544,526 and this figure should be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Notifiable interests in Haleon may be sent to: company.secretary@haleon.com Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Greggs 18 minutes ago Greggs 56 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and