BETA Close X Haleon plc has announced the grant of conditional share awards to its Chief Executive Officer, Brian McNamara, and Chief Financial Officer, Dawn Allen, under its Performance Share Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. Brian McNamara received a total of 1,639,855 shares under the Performance Share Plan and 173,825 shares under the Deferred Annual Bonus Plan, while Dawn Allen received 712,784 shares and 95,513 shares respectively. These awards were granted on March 12, 2026, outside of a trading venue, with no price paid for the shares, and are subject to performance conditions through December 31, 2028, as well as malus and clawback provisions. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 13 March 2026 ​ Haleon plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding ​ 13 March 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE: HLN) today announces notification and public disclosure in accordance with the requirements of The UK Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs"). This notification sets out the details of the grant of Haleon share awards over Ordinary Shares made to PDMRs under the Haleon Performance Share Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. The Performance Share Plan main awards are subject to performance conditions over the performance period ending on 31 December 2028. Performance targets are disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report and 20-F. All awards were made in line with the principles of Haleon's Directors' Remuneration Policy and are subject to malus and clawback provisions. 1 Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Name of the entity Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment to prior notifications Initial Notification 3 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated ("PCA") a) PDMR/PCA PDMR b) Name Brian McNamara 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction (i) Grant of a conditional award under the Haleon plc Performance Share Plan (ii) Grant of a conditional award under the Haleon plc Deferred Annual Bonus Plan c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) (i) Nil 1,639,855 (ii) Nil 173,825 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 1,813,680 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Name of the entity Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment to prior notifications Initial Notification 3 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated ("PCA") a) PDMR/PCA PDMR b) Name Dawn Allen 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction (i) Grant of a conditional award under the Haleon plc Performance Share Plan (ii) Grant of a conditional award under the Haleon plc Deferred Annual Bonus Plan c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) (i) Nil 712,784 (ii) Nil 95,513 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 808,297 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and