BETA Close X Haleon plc has announced that Dawn Allen, the Chief Financial Officer, acquired 2,596.07411 ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange on May 19, 2026, through dividend reinvestment at a price of £3.4022 per share. Additionally, Brian McNamara, the Chief Executive Officer, acquired 24,891.04716 ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange on May 19, 2026, also through dividend reinvestment at a price of £3.4022 per share. Separately, an acquisition of American Depositary Shares (ADSs) occurred on the New York Stock Exchange on May 19, 2026, involving 4,414.93735 ADSs at a price of $9.2446 per ADS, also as a result of dividend reinvestment. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 22 May 2026 ​ Haleon plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding ​ ​ 22 May 2026 : Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE:HLN) today announces notification and public disclosure in accordance with the requirements of The UK Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs"). On 21 May 2026, the Company was notified of the following transactions as detailed below. 1 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant a) Name Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status C hief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated ("PCA") a) PDMR/PCA PDMR b) Name Dawn Allen 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Identification code Share GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares as a result of dividend reinvestment c) Currency, Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.4022 2,596.07411 d) Aggregated information N/A - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 19 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant a) Name Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated ("PCA") a) PDMR/PCA PDMR b) Name Brian McNamara 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Identification code Share GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares as a result of dividend reinvestment c) Currency, Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.4022 24,891.04716 d) Aggregated information N/A - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 19 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Identification code Share US4055521003 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ADSs as a result of dividend reinvestment c) Currency, Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) $9.2446 4,414.93735 d) Aggregated information N/A - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 19 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction New York Stock Exchange (XNYS) Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and