BETA Close X Haleon plc has published its Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F for 2025, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, all of which are available on the company's website. The Annual Report and Form 20-F has also been filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. The 2026 AGM will be a virtual meeting held on Wednesday, 29 April 2026, at 3:00 PM BST, with full details and joining instructions provided in the Notice. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 13 March 2026 Haleon plc: Publication of Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 and Notice of 2026 AGM 13 March 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company") announces that the following documents have been published today and are available on its website, www.haleon.com : - Annual Report and Accounts & Form 20-F 2025 (the 'Annual Report'); and - Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting ('AGM'). In addition, in accordance with Section 203.01 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual, the Annual Report & Form 20-F 2025 will also today be filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and will shortly be available at www.sec.gov . Haleon's AGM will again be a virtual meeting taking place at 3.00pm (BST) on Wednesday, 29 April 2026. The Notice of 2026 AGM is available on the Company's website at https://www.haleon.com/investors/shareholder-information/annual-general-meetings , and includes full details of the business to be conducted and joining instructions. Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . Notes In compliance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Annual Report, as submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, contains regulated information in unedited full text and is available on the Company's website as noted above. In compliance with UK Listing Rules 6.4.1(R) and 6.4.3(R) copies of the Annual Report, Notice of AGM, Form of Proxy for the 2026 AGM and Voting Instruction Card have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Shareholders may request a free hard copy of the Annual Report, including the complete audited financial statements of the Company. Requests should be directed to corporate.secretariat@haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and