BETA Close X Haleon plc is evolving its operating model by mid-2026 to enhance growth and agility, aligning with its "Win as One" strategy. This involves creating a new Chief Growth Officer role responsible for category, marketing, strategy, and a global Commercial Excellence team, alongside six new Operating Units: Latin America, Middle East and Africa, Europe, India Subcontinent, Asia Pacific, and North America. A Chief Transformation Officer has also been appointed to oversee business process, operating model, and technology changes. These key executives will join the Executive Committee and report to the CEO. Further details are expected with the Preliminary Full Year Results on February 25, 2026. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 08 January 2026 Haleon announces evolution of its operating model to drive growth and agility 08 January 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE: HLN) has today announced that it is evolving its operating model in support of its Win as One strategy to drive its growth, productivity and culture agenda, as set out at its Capital Markets Day in May 2025. These changes are expected to be implemented by mid-2026. Chief Growth Officer Haleon has today created a new Chief Growth Officer (CGO) role. This role will include broad responsibility across Haleon's existing Category, Marketing and Strategy functions, as well as a new global Commercial Excellence team. The CGO will lead Haleon's growth and innovation agenda in partnership with Haleon's new Operating Units (as below) and the existing R&D and Supply Chain functions, to better leverage Haleon's global footprint and capitalise on the strength and breadth of its brand portfolio, in support of the ambitions set out in May 2025. Operating Units Haleon is creating six Operating Units (OUs) to enable the Company to capitalise on the significant growth opportunities in its key markets, with each OU responsible for delivering business performance through the execution of Haleon's category strategies. The current EMEA & LatAm region will be separated into three constituent OUs: Latin America (LatAm), Middle East and Africa (MEA) and Europe . Recognising the strength of Haleon's business in India Subcontinent (ISC) and the opportunities for growth, ISC will become its own OU, separate from Asia Pacific . Haleon's North America OU remains unchanged. Global Functions Haleon's global functions remain responsible for setting functional priorities in support of delivering its Win as One strategy and for driving a consistent approach globally, making the right strategic choices to benefit the end-to-end organisation. Haleon has appointed a new Chief Transformation Officer (CTO), who will be responsible for coordinating and driving the significant transformation across Haleon's business processes, operating model, and technology changes. The CGO and CTO, along with the President of each OU, will be part of Haleon's Executive Committee and will report directly to Chief Executive Officer, Brian McNamara. Biographies for Haleon's full Executive Team, including all newly appointed members , can be found at www.haleon.com/who-we-are/leadership . Brian McNamara, Chief Executive Officer of Haleon commented: "In May 2025, we introduced our Win as One strategy, which is how we will unlock Haleon's full potential, as we transform into a world-class consumer company. The changes we're making to our operating model are an important part of us delivering against our strategy to drive growth and will result in a simpler and more agile and efficient organisation." Haleon will share more detail as part of its Preliminary Full Year Results scheduled for 25 February 2026 and will consult with employee representatives as appropriate. Enquiries Investors Media Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zo ë Bird +44 7736 746167 Rakesh Patel +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a global leader in consumer health, with a purpose to deliver better everyday health with humanity. Haleon's product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Its long-standing brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren - are built on trusted science, innovation and deep human understanding. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Greggs 16 minutes ago Greggs 54 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and