BETA Close X Haleon plc announced that Chief Executive Officer Brian McNamara received the vesting of ordinary shares on March 23, 2026, under the Performance Share Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan, including accrued dividends. Following this, 704,974.22 shares were automatically disposed of on the London Stock Exchange at £3.684419 per share to cover tax liabilities related to the Performance Share Plan, and an additional 63,012.31 shares were disposed of for the same reason under the Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. Additionally, 133,733.56 shares were acquired under the Deferred Annual Bonus Plan outside of a trading venue. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 24 March 2026 ​ Haleon plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding ​ 24 March 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE: HLN) today announces notification and public disclosure in accordance with the requirements of The UK Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR"). This notification sets out the details of the vesting of Haleon share awards over ordinary shares made to a PDMR in March 2023 under the Haleon Performance Share Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan and the subsequent sale of ordinary shares to meet tax liabilities. On 23 March 2026, Brian McNamara, Chief Executive Officer, received the vesting of awards of Haleon ordinary shares under the Haleon Performance Share Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. Vesting under both plans included dividends accrued. The award under the Performance Share Plan was conditional on continued employment and on the satisfaction of the performance conditions over the performance period ended on 31 December 2025 approved by the Remuneration Committee, which (after tax on the gross award) must be retained until the shareholding requirement is met, and in any event for Executive Directors two years after receipt. Performance targets and levels of achievement are disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report and 20-F. The awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions. 1 Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Name of the entity Haleon plc b) LEI 549300PSB3WWEODCUP19 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment to prior notifications Initial Notification 3 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated ("PCA") a) PDMR/PCA PDMR b) Name Brian McNamara 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares in respect of the Haleon plc Performance Share Plan. c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 1,497,695.24 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Price e) Date of the transaction 23 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Automatic disposal of Ordinary Shares resulting from Haleon plc Performance Share Plan vesting to cover tax liabilities. c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.684419 704,974.22 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Price e) Date of the transaction 23 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares in respect of the Haleon plc Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 133,733.56 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Price e) Date of the transaction 23 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of Instrument Share Identification code GB00BMX86B70 b) Nature of the transaction Automatic disposal of Ordinary Shares resulting from Haleon plc Deferred Annual Bonus Plan vesting to cover tax liabilities. c) Currency, Price(s) and Volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.684419 63,012.31 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Price e) Date of the transaction 23 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Amanda Mellor Company Secretary About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil , Centrum , Otrivin , Panadol , parodontax , Polident , Sensodyne , Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and