BETA Close X Haleon plc announced that Sir Dave Lewis will step down as Chair on December 31, 2025, to pursue a new executive role, and Vindi Banga will succeed him as Chair effective January 1, 2026. Banga, currently the Senior Independent Director, brings extensive global corporate and commercial leadership experience, including 33 years at Unilever and leadership roles at various portfolio companies of CD&R. The company confirmed no further information is required under UKLR 6.4.6R, and details regarding Banga's remuneration and successor as Senior Independent Director will be announced later. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 10 November 2025 Haleon plc: Appointment of Vindi Banga as Chair 10 November 2025: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") (LSE/NYSE: HLN) today announces the resignation of Sir Dave Lewis as Chair and appointment of Vindi Banga. Dave Lewis will step down as Chair of the Board and as a Director of the Company on 31 December 2025 in order to pursue a new executive role. The Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Vindi Banga as Chair to succeed Dave with effect from 1 January 2026. Vindi has served as Senior Independent Director on the Haleon Board since the Company's listing in 2022. The Board was unanimous in its appointment of Vindi given his wealth of global corporate and commercial leadership experience. He has an extensive track record of delivering outstanding performance in highly competitive global consumer-focused businesses and a deep understanding of operating across developed and emerging markets. He spent 33 years at Unilever plc, where he was also CEO and Chair of Hindustan Unilever Ltd, one of India's largest listed companies, and was also responsible for Global Home & Personal Care, Foods and Ice Cream and a member of the Unilever Executive Board. Vindi also has extensive international Board experience. He is currently Chair of UK Government Investments Limited (UKGI) and has previously served as Senior Independent Director at GSK and Marks and Spencer plc. Vindi is a partner at CD&R, a leading private investment firm where he has chaired and served on the boards of several of the firm's portfolio companies. He is Chair of Council of Imperial College London. Vindi's remuneration and the appointment of a successor as Senior Independent Director will be announced in due course and before Vindi's appointment as Chair takes effect. Sir Dave Lewis commented : "After more than three years Haleon is now well established as an independent listed company. The Board and Executive team are strong and the business is performing well in a tough environment. The leverage at demerger has been effectively addressed, the large overhang managed smoothly and the portfolio reshaping is progressing. My decision to step down is a personal one and is related to a new unique opportunity which I wish to take forward. I would like to thank my Board colleagues, Brian and his team for their support and commitment. It has been a privilege to be part of Haleon and I am confident that the business has a bright future." Vindi Banga commented: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Dave for his leadership and the considerable contribution he has made as Chair of Haleon since its listing in July 2022. It is a privilege to Chair Haleon and I look forward to working with the Board and management team to support Haleon's continued development." The Company confirms that there is no further information to be disclosed under the requirements of UKLR 6.4.6R. Enquiries Investors Media Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zo ë Bird +44 7736 746167 Rakesh Patel +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a global leader in consumer health, with a purpose to deliver better everyday health with humanity. Haleon's product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Its long-standing brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren - are built on trusted science, innovation and deep human understanding. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . About Vindi Banga https://www.haleon.com/who-we-are/leadership#manvinder-singh-banga This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Greggs 16 minutes ago Greggs 54 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and