BETA Close X Haleon plc announced the routine annual update and publication of listing particulars dated 7 May 2026 for Haleon UK Capital plc's and Haleon Netherlands Capital B.V.'s £10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, which is guaranteed by the company. These particulars are available on Haleon's investor relations website. Disclaimer* Haleon PLC 07 May 2026 Haleon plc: EMTN programme - Publication of listing particulars 7 May 2026: Haleon plc (the "Company" or "Haleon") announces that, following a routine annual update, listing particulars dated 7 May 2026 regarding Haleon UK Capital plc's and Haleon Netherlands Capital B.V.'s £10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note ("EMTN") Programme, guaranteed by the Company, have been published (the "Listing Particulars"). A copy of the Listing Particulars is available for inspection and can be downloaded from www.haleon.com/investors/debt-investors . Amanda Mellor Company Secretary Enquiries Investors Media Jo Russell +44 7787 392441 Zo ë Bird +44 7736 746167 Rakesh Patel +44 7552 484646 Victoria Durman +44 7894 505730 Email: investor-relations@haleon.com Email: corporate.media@haleon.com About Haleon Haleon (LSE/NYSE: HLN) is a consumer company that is solely focused on better everyday health. Our people, our brands, our research, our investment and our innovation are aimed at improving the everyday health of consumers. Our product portfolio spans six major categories - Oral Health, Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS), Pain Relief, Respiratory Health, Digestive Health and Therapeutic Skin Health and Other. Our superior brands - such as Advil, Centrum, Otrivin, Panadol, parodontax, Polident, Sensodyne, Theraflu and Voltaren - are trusted by more than one billion consumers and are recommended by health professionals around the world. For more information, please visit www.haleon.com . Disclaimer Please note that the information contained in the Listing Particulars may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents of particular countries (specified in the Listing Particulars) only and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside these countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Listing Particulars is not addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Listing Particulars, you must ascertain from the Listing Particulars whether or not you are part of the intended addressees of the information contained in the Listing Particulars. Your right to access this service is conditional upon complying with the above requirement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Haleon (HLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and