HALON

Haleon ple
Company number: 13691224

Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

*AR24POI7*
A04

08/06/2026

THURSDAY

COMPANIES HOUSE

Haleon at a glance

We are a global leader in the growing consumer healthcare market:

c£200bn 5 9 £11.2bn

Market" Global categories* Power Brands Revenue

Our purpose: To deliver better everyday health with humanity

Our strategy is designed to leverage our portfolio and capabilities

Our strategy: .
By’ and has four key pillars:

1 2 3 4
Increase Capitalise on new Maintain strong Runa responsible
household and emerging execution and business
penetration opportunities financial discipline

Medium-term Annual organic revenue? Organic operating profit? Net debt/adjusted EBITDA?

financial guidance: growth of 4-6% growth ahead of organic expected to be around

revenue? growth 2.5x. Dividend to grow
at least in line with
adjusted earnings

Leadership position across five global categories*?:

-———_ Over-the-Counter (oTc)., —————_,

oe
fOral'Health} [pain Relief] Heath
9 159 239 159 189
29% % % %o %
of 2024 revenue of 2024 revenue of 2024 revenue of 2024 revenue of 2024 revenue

SENSODYNE J Centrum Wvoltaren Otrivin roms)
THERAFLU ENO
Advil

STDER
POLIDE!

parodontax

+ Source: Nicholas Hall, Euromonitor Passport and Haleon analysis of third-party data (2023), the latest available data for the Consumer Healthcare market as a whole,
beyond our individual categories.

2 Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found from page 43,

> Oral Health market position refers to Therapeutic Oral Health which comprises c.90% of 2024 Oral Health revenues.

What’s inside

‘
\ Our key stakeholders

| Dey commen

1] Customers

[—/ Governments and
& Employees Y industry regulators |

Health
5 Investors {
Professionals |
<a Suppliers >> See page 10

Our approach to reporting

Integrated reporting

In addition to our shares being listed on the
London Stock Exchange (LSE), Haleon is a
foreign private issuer (FPI) with American
Depositary Shares (ADSs) listed on the New York
Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have produced a
combined Annual Report and Form 20-F to
ensure consistency of information for both UK
and US investors. This Report contains disclosures
required to meet both regulatory regimes.

The Report also includes non-IFRS measures,
which we believe provide investors and

other stakeholders with important additional
information about the Company's performance.
Where used, they are indicated.

External websites and/or reports that are
referred to in this Report are not incorporated
into and do not form part of this Report.

>> Relevant policies are available on our website
www.haleon.com/who-we-are/Governance/
codes-policies-and-standards

Photographs

The black and white images on the front cover
and throughout show Haleon consumers
interacting with our brands.

Throughout our Report you will also find a
selection of imagery featuring some of our brand
marketing campaigns, responsible business
initiatives and consumers. We extend our thanks
to all of those featured.

Contents

|

Strategic Report

2024 highlights 2
Chair's statement 4
Chief Executive Officer's review 5
Our business environment 6
Our business model 8

Our key stakeholders 10
Our strategy 12
Our market categories 13
Our culture and people 18
Our approach to sustainability 22
Our key performance indicators 32
2024 Business review 34
Use of non-IFRS measures 43
Our approach to risk 51
Viability statement 57
Statement of compliance 58
Corporate Governance

Our Board of Directors 59
Our Executive Team 62
Letter from the Chair 64
Governance structure 65
Board activities 66
Audit & Risk Committee Report 72
Environmental & Social Sustainability Committee Report 77
Nominations & Governance Committee Report 79
Directors’ Remuneration Report 82
‘Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 99

Consolidated Financial Statements

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 100
Independent auditor's report 101
Report of independent registered public accounting firm 114
Consolidated income statement 116
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 117
Consolidated balance sheet 118
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 119
Consolidated cash flow statement 121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 122
C =
Parent Company Financial Statements

Parent Company balance sheet 179
Parent Company statement of changes in equity 180
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements 181

ry
Other Information

Directors’ Report 186
Group information 191
Shareholder information 208
Exhibits 212
Form 20-F cross reference 214
Forward-looking statements 218
Glossary 219
Useful information 220

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 1

2024 highlights

Revenue by geography

@ North America

Revenue by market category

36% g

© EMEA& LatAm

41% €

@ APAC

23%

‘Cus’

@ Oral Health

<3. VMS

@ Pain Relief

© Respiratory Health

© Digestive Health and Other

Revenue Revenue growth Organic revenue growth*
9 5.09
£11.2bn (0.6)% 0%
(2023: £11.3bn) (2023: 4.1%) (2023: 8.0%)
Operating profit Operating profit margin Operating profit growth
9 10.59
£2.2bn 19.6% 9%
(2023: £2.0bn) (2023: 17.7%) (2023: 9.4%)
Adjusted operating profit* Adjusted operating Organic operating
profit margin* profit growth*

£2.5bn

(2023: £2.5bn)

22.3%

(2023: 22.6%)

98%

(2023: 10.8%)

Diluted earnings per share

15.7p

(2023: 11.3p)

Adjusted diluted earnings
per share*

179p

(2023: 17.3p)

Total
per ordinary share*

6.6p

(2023: 6.0p)

Net cashinflow from
operating activities

£2.3bn

(2023: £2.1n)

Free cash flow*

£1.9bn

(2023: £1.6bn)

Net debt/adjusted EBITDA*

2.8x

(3.0x as at 31 December 2023)

> We use certain non-IFRS alternative performance measures to provide additional information about the Company's performance. Non-IFRS measures may be considered in
addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures are defined and reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure,
see from page 43 for more details,

2 Includes the interim dividend of 2.0p paid on 19 September 2024, and the proposed final dividend of 4.6p per ordinary share. The total dividend represents a payout ratio of ¢.37%
of adjusted earnings (2023: c.35%).

2 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 Strategic Report

'127 new innovations, including Sensodyrie Clinical White, wi
{clinically proven whitening technology specially désigned f
sensitive teeth. In Pain Relief;;we launched Advil Targeted R

\ BE, BEE

_ CSL NCD
Ss 5 ESTES

Maintain strong execution ‘

€ We continued to generate Strong cash flow: wi nishing the ye
'5.'2.8x net debt/adjusted EBITDA and returned over £1bn to,
shareholders in 2024 through dur first éver share buyback’,
ogramme and dividend payments. We reinvested somé of the
se proceeds from our divestments into Tianjin TSKF Pharmaceutical
Co. Ltd (TSKF), our China Joint Venture; an important miléstong in
key strategic market, where we now have an 88% staké, with ar
® Option to acavire full ownership in 2025.

over £1bn*

treturned to shareholders.

2024 Hightights

Strategic Report

HALEON

e launch’of, entfum”"
single sachets’ By focusing on energy and
two ofthe biggest need states in Brazil, the
“;new consumers to the VMS category.

)
MATER, KONTYNUUDE,
RPRRACE'POMIMO Bien
PPRZEZIEBIENIA Vi

‘people a year to be more included in opportunities for

everyday health -'‘orie Year, ahead of plan. This was achieved." 3
“through bfand initiatives which aim to tackle Barriers to health:
inclusivity: In 2024; this included the’ éxpansion of Polident's
‘Smiles Can't Wait: programime to include Indonesia, which Sims
to make dentures and denture care more ac le. Theraflu'al

Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 3

Chair's statement

Sir Dave Lewis
Chair

2024: another year of good progress
The evolution of Haleon from a division

of a pharmaceuticals business to a leading
FMCG business continues at pace. The
Executive Team, led by Brian, delivered a
strong performance, with progress made
against each of our key strategic priorities.

There are significant opportunities ahead
and our performance over the last two
years represents an encouraging start.

In the upcoming year, Brian and his
leadership team will share more on our
future ambitions at a Capital Markets Day.

lined capital allocation

Our strong performance, cash generation
and active portfolio management has
allowed us to significantly lower the
leverage in the business and begin a
disciplined share buyback programme.

The disposal of ChapStick and our Nicotine
Replacement Therapy business outside the
US realised c.£0.8bn. We invested £0.5bn
in our OTC joint venture in China, raising
our participation from 55% to 88%.

Our first share buyback programme, which
together with the off-market purchase of
a portion of Pfizer's shares and dividend
payments, saw us return more than £1bn
to shareholders.

Consistent with this approach and
reflecting our confidence in the strength
of cash generation, we have announced
an allocation of £500m of capital to
share buybacks in 2025.

4 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

The Board is proposing a total dividend
increase of 10% to 6.6p per ordinary
share, which represents an increase in

the pay-out ratio to approximately 37%

of 2024 adjusted earnings. This includes

a final dividend of 4.6p per ordinary share.
The Board remains focused on driving
shareholder returns.

Corporate governance

During the year, we continued to focus

an strang carpnrate gawernance, our
purpose and the evolution of Haleon's
culture. In 2024, we conducted out first
external Board performance review, which
noted that the Board had a good breadth
and mix of skills and experience to support
the business and its strategic objectives.
A number of areas were highlighted for
the Board and Committees to consider
going forwards and these will form part.
of the action plan for 2025.

The Board has overall responsibility for
Haleon’s Responsible Business strategy.
We made good progress in 2024 against
each of our targets to reduce our
environmental impact, make everyday
health more inclusive, and operate with
ethical, responsible, and transparent
behaviours and standards of conduct.

In line with our commitment to being a
leading employer, we are implementing
initiatives that aim to provide equal,
opportunities and create an inclusive
culture. While we are pleased with
progress in this area to date, we also
recognise that there is still more we can
do to develop our culture. This agenda
will remain a key priority for the Board
in 2025 and beyond.

Board developments
The Board recognises the important

role it plays in supporting the Executive
Team to anticipate and navigate external
challenges and change. We regularly
conduct deep dives into our key
categories and functions and visit key
markets. In 2024 we conducted a

full Board visit to China.

We maintain an active review of the
Board skills matrix and in 2024 we
added more global FMCG, financial and
digital technology experience to the
Board. To this end, we were delighted
to welcome Dawn Allen as Chief
Financial Officer. Dawn joined the

Strategic Report

Board on 1 November 2024 and brings
extensive global FMCG and finance
experience. We also welcomed Alan
Stewart and Nancy Avila as independent
Non-Executive Directors, adding a wealth
of global consumer and technology
experience to Haleon

In addition, Blathnaid Bergin, Chief
Financial Officer of J Sainsbury plc, joined
the Board in February 2025. Blathnaid has
doop concumer ond finanee expertise.

Following Pfizer's reduction in
shareholding over the past six months,
David Denton and Bryan Supran stepped
down from the Board in December 2024
and February 2025 respectively.

Finally, I would like to extend my thanks
to David, Bryan, Deirdre Mahlan and Tobias
Hestler for their significant contributions
to the Board over the last few years and
wish them well for the future.

Looking ahead to 2025

The Board has the following priorities

for the coming year:

— Continued transformation of Haleon
into an agile, consumer-focused
business, including building bespoke
processes and systems that support
a global FMCG business.

— Further evolving our strategy and
culture so we are primed to capitalise
on the significant opportunities ahead.

— Generating value through disciplined
capital allocation that maximises
shareholder returns.

— Maintaining strong corporate
governance and ethical behaviours.

Thank you
On behalf of the Board, I would like

to thank the Executive Team for their
leadership and dedication throughout

the year. I would also like to recognise the
hard work and commitment of all Haleon
employees globally in delivering against
our strategic objectives and purpose.
While we are still on a journey with more
to achieve, the strong momentum over
2024 gives us confidence that we are on
the right course to realise the full potential
of this business in 2025 and beyond.

Chief Executive Officer's review

Brian McNamara
Chief Executive Officer

Building momentum
2024 was a year of good progress for
Haleon, with the business continuing to
gather operational momentum. Guided

by our purpose to deliver better everyday
health with humanity, we have continued
to take significant steps to become a

more agile and competitive organisation.
While the work to evolve our business
continues, we have built solid foundations
to capitalise on the significant
opportunities ahead.

Consistently strong financial
performance

In 2024, we delivered organic revenue
growth of 5.0% (reported (0.6)%), and
organic operating profit growth of 9.8%
(reported operating profit growth of
10.5%). As a result, adjusted operating
margin increased 100bps on an organic
basis, though declined 30bps ona
reported basis given the impact

of disposals and adverse translational
foreign exchange movements.

We achieved a good split of price and
volume mix, reflecting both the quality
and resilience of our portfolio of brands.
We also delivered a healthy competitive
performance, demonstrating that consumers
are continuing to choose our brands.

A disciplined approach to our capital
allocation framework allowed us to divest
a number of brands that are no longer
strategic for us and reinvest capital into
higher growth markets. Strong free cash
flow of £1.9bn also allowed us to reduce
debt and deliver strong shareholder
returns in 2024. Asa result, we finished the
year at 2.8x net debt/adjusted EBITDA.

Chief Executive Officer's review

Strong progress against our strategy
Our progress in 2024 was driven by
meaningful progress against our
strategic priorities:

— Increase household penetration: 71%
of our brands gained or maintained
market share, supported by innovation
and investment in A&P. Sensodyne
continued to generate healthy share
gains, throygh new innovations
For example, Sensodyne Clinical White
was rolled out to over 10 markets and
was the top innovation in the US Oral
Health category. We also further rolled
‘out Otrivin Nasal Mist, our innovative new
dispensing technology which delivers
an improved consumer experience.

Capitalise on new and emerging
opportunities: We launched targeted
innovations for underserved consumers
in emerging markets, which included
Centrum single sachets focused on
energy and immunity in Brazil, bringing
new consumers to the VMS category.
The recent launch of a smaller 20 rupee
Sensodyne pack in India also helps us
access an underserved part of the
market. In the US, we commercialised
Eroxon, the first FDA-approved topical
erectile dysfunction treatment for OTC
use. While this requires the creation

of anew category, it addresses a
significant unmet consumer need.

— Maintain strong execution and financial
discipline: We made good progress
against our capital allocation priorities,
balancing both investment in the
business and shareholder returns.

We have driven further efficiencies and
productivity across our supply chain,
where we continue to see significant
opportunities. We also invested for
growth by increasing our stake in our
TSKF joint venture in China, underlining
our confidence in this key market.
Strong cash generation underpinned
our ability to further deleverage, while
we completed our £500m share
buyback allocation for the year.

— Runa responsible business: We launched
bioplastic toothpaste caps in support
of our aim to reduce virgin plastic from
our packaging. Good progress against
our health inclusivity goals meant we
empowered more than 50m people
globally to be more included in
opportunities for better everyday
health. We also advanced our
inclusion ambitions and expanded
access to our talent programmes and
grew our Employee Resource Groups.

Accelerating our culture journey

We continued to optimise our
processes and structures to enable our
transformation into an agile, consumer-
focused business, with a focus on
accelerating the culture shift needed
to support this change.

We mobilised our employees around a
strong performance-based culture by
defining now behaviours focused
serving consumers. driving productivity,
greater collaboration and continuons
learning, as well as aligning the organisation
around the opportunity ahead

During 2024, we also held our first
week-long learning and development
programme for employees, where we
embedded these new behaviours.
While we have made good progress on
our culture journey, with our overall
employee engagement score at 81% in
2024 (up 3% on 2023), there is more to
do in 2025 and beyond.

Evolving our leadership for the future
During the year, we welcomed new
members to my Executive Team, bringing
a complementary set of skills and
significant consumer facing experience

to support the next phase of our growth.
We welcomed Dawn Allen as our new
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in November,
who brings a strong track record of global
FMCG leadership. In addition, Line De
Decker was appointed our Chief Human
Resources Offic drian Morris our
General Counsel; and Claire Dickson our
Chief Digital and Technology Officer - all
of whom bring both significant functional
and consumer experience to the business.
I would like to thank Tobias Hestler for his
contribution as CFO and wish him all the
very best for the future.

Confidence in our outlook

The opportunity ahead for Haleon is
significant and I remain confident in our
ability to deliver on our medium-term
guidance. In 2025, we expect to deliver
organic revenue growth of 4-6%, with
organic operating profit growth

ahead of that.

Thank you

I would like to thank everyone at Haleon
for their hard work and dedication in
delivering another successful year. I would
also like to extend my thanks to the Chair
and the Board for their ongoing support
and guidance as we continue to
strengthen and evolve our business.

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 s

Our business environment

Haleon is a world-leading consumer health company,
operating in a fast-growing, c.£200bn? market.

We operate in five categories: Oral Health;
Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements
(VMS); Pain Relief; Respiratory Health;

and Digestive Health and Other. Pain Relief,
Respiratory Health, and Digestive Health
and Other are all OTC categories.

Our strategic focus is on Oral Health, VMS,
Pain Relief and Respiratory Health globally,
and Digestive Health in select markets.
These are large, growing categories where
we have global and/or local leadership

In consumer healthcare, the US is the
largest market, making up ¢.27%' of the
global market. Emerging markets, notably
China, Brazil and India, also present
attractive, fast-growing opportunities.

The Oral Health market is relatively
consolidated, with the top five players
making up more than 60%? of the market.
Haleon is the third largest player, with
approximately 11%! market share. We focus
almost exclusively on Therapeutic Oral
Health, where we are the global leader,
with c.45%? market share.

The VMS category is large (£65bn? in
2023) and fast growing, but also

highly fragmented, with the top 20
manufacturers accounting for only 22%
of sales, and top five only 11%. Haleon is
the largest player, with approximately
3%! global market share.

The OTC category is distinct, as it is highly
regulated, which differs by country and
respective regulator. OTC medicines

are available in retail distribution
channels (including pharmacies) without
prescription. Respiratory Health is the
category most impacted by seasonal
demand, including being heightened

from October to January in the Northern
Hemisphere (particularly in North America
and Europe), from flu incidences which are
typical during that period. There is some
global consolidation - for example the top
five players make up about 35%! of the
market in Pain Relief, 26% in Respiratory
Health and 23%! in Digestive Health.

Consumer healthcare market 2019-2023 (£bn)*

2019

2020 3

22

2022

2023 |
0 20 40 60 100 120 140 160

Strong global market share positions (2023)*

£29b0 Oral Health market £65bn VMS market

Peer1 Cc 242] = natzon| 23%] —

Peer? 74

Tops a ~
wiarzon[ aoa] ~ atin gaa) veer [ 22%]
ves [a]

Therapeutic
Oral Health

Pert

Broader industry dynamics

The broader industry shift of
pharmaceutical companies demerging
their consumer healthcare divisions
continues. In 2023, the former consumer
healthcare division of Johnson & Johnson
separated to form a new listed consumer
healthcare business, Kenvue. Additionally,
Sanofi announced in 2023 its intention to
separate its consumer healthcare division,
via the creation of a standalone company,
Opella. In 2024, Sanofi confirmed its
negotiations with a US private equity

firm to transfer a 50% controlling stake

in Opella. Other businesses in the sector
include Bayer, Church & Dwight, Colgate-
Palmolive, Nestlé, Perrigo, Proctor &
Gamble, Reckitt and Unilever, along with
local players. The overall industry is highly
competitive. Haleon has been able to
differentiate itself through its purpose,
innovation supported by deep human
understanding and trusted science, brand
building and Health Professional advocacy.

Oral Health
© vus

© oC (nc. Pain Retief,
Respiratory Health,

180 Digestive Health and Other)

£103bn OTC market

5.8%
:
;

beers [aoa] ————

Peer.

* Source: Nicholas Halt, Euromonitor Passport and Haleon analysis of third-party data (2023), the latest available data for the consumer healthcare market as a whole,
‘beyond our individual categories. This includes categories which have historically been faster growing where Haleon does not have a significant presence including VMS

and specific subcategories within this.

2 Source: Haleon’s analysis of third-party data including IQVIA, Circana et al & NIQ data (2023), the latest available data for the consumer healthcare market asa whole,

beyond our individual categories.

6 Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

Strategic Report

Market drivers

Long-term macro trends remain about their health needs. They are turning
significant growth drivers for the consumer _ to self-care - seeking proven, accessible,
healthcare industry. A growing and ageing _ affordable, preventative or holistic

population, and an expanding middle solutions - to take more proactive control
class, are increasing demand for consumer _ of their health. These trends present
healthcare. These trends put even more valuable growth opportunities within
strain on public healthcare systems, which —_ the consumer healthcare sector. In our
often have stretched budgets already. strategy and categories sections, we
With demand rising, consumer healthcare _ outline how Haleon is effectively
itself is evolving, and consumers are responding to these trends and
becoming more educated and aware positioning itself for future success.
Trend Key statist Description and why a growth driver
1.5bn In the next five years, over 90% of population
. growth will come from developing markets,
global which are expected to contribute more than half
population of the global economic growth, driven by an
Global population increase expanding middle class, particularly in India
shift towards expected by and China, These shifts present a long-term

emerging markets 2050, over 90% growth opportunity for Haleon.
from developing

Source: UN markets
2.1b Life expectancy continues to rise. The number of
fbn individuals aged 60 and over is projected to nearly
people willbe double and reach 2.1bn, from 2015 to 2050, with
aged 60 years 80% of this population residing in tow- and
Ageing or over by 2050 _ middle-income countries. Even in countries that are
populations still growing rapidly and have relatively youthful
populations, the number of persons aged 65 or
over is expected to rise over the next 30 years.
This ageing demographic is driving demand for
products and services that promote healthy
Source: WHO ageing, preventive care and self care.
80% Consumers are increasingly taking a more active
approach to managing their physical health and
Oo of consumers mental well-being, seeking effective, science-backed
want more health solutions they can trust. Research suggests
Consumer focus control over 80% of consumers want more control of their
on health and their health health, and 69% are taking health into their own
wellness hands, conducting research rather than depending

completely on doctors*. This trend towards self
care is driven by greater awareness of health
issues, in the post-COVID-19 landscape, enabled
by digital health advancements. This shift represents
a sizeable opportunity in consumer health

1.8b Public healthcare systems worldwide are
~Obn experiencing heightened pressure from increasing
physician hours demand for services, driven by factors such as higher

A aresavedeach _ prevalence of chronic conditions, longer life
Increasing year through expectancies, and a post-COVID-19 backlog. At the
pressure on self-care same time, financial constraints are impacting their
publichealtheare practices ability to meet this growing demand. As a result,
systems consumers are actively seeking more ready access

to affordable and effective healthcare solutions,
utilising self-care practices such as self-medication
through OTC products. These trends further increase

Source: Global Self-Care the need for preventative care and self-care
Federation solutions from the consumer healthcare industry.
Consumer healthcare is evolving and growing
(ai) >50% Global demographic shifts, and rapid scientific and
ofthe global _technological advancements, are changing consumer
populationdo —_ behaviours. As consumers become more educated
Sizeableunmet not consume —_—_ about and aware of their health needs, they are
consumer needs enough looking to take more control of their health. They are
micronutrients _ increasingly seeking science-backed solutions to
essential to address unmet health needs, in terms of prevention
health as well as self care. This is driving significant
innovation opportunities in consumer healthcare
Source: The Lancet across a wide spectrum of solutions including
Global Heatth premium, affordable and targeted offerings.

>> See our strategy and categories sections on pages 12 to 17.
* Source: IPSOS Global Trends Report (2024), study conducted across 50 markets.

Our business environment Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 7

Our business model

Our deep human understanding, combined with our trusted science,

is our competitive advantage.

Deep human understanding

We invest in a suite of proprietary assets to build deep
human understanding - to generate consumer insights,
create fit for purpose innovation and communication,
and enhance our engagement with health professionals
who help educate consumers. These include dedicated
shopper research centres, and consumer understanding
and social listening data. There is a huge opportunity
to improve people's quality of life, not just treat their
health needs. That is why deep human understanding

Trusted science

We leverage the te