HAL=O
=ON
=

Annual Report
and Form 20-F
2025

What'sinside

We deliver better everyday health
with humanity — combining
trusted science, consumer insight,
and global expertise.

Our purpose drives sustainable
growth by improving health outcomes,
expanding access, and building
confidence in self care, ensuring our
brands make a measurable difference
in people's lives around the world.

Ourkey stakeholders
Le consumers FB customers % Employees GQ investors
& Health Professionals GP suppliers [4 Governments and industry regulators

haleon.com/investors

Ourapproach to reporting
Integrated reporting
Insdton to ou shares being tes
‘onthe London Stock Exchange (SE,
aleonisa foreign private ser (PD,
with Amescan Depositary Shares (ADS)
Uied onthe New York tock Exchange
(WYSE) We have produced combined
‘Annual Report and Fom 20-Fto ensure
Constenc of inormoton for both Uk
and USinvestors. Tes Report contains
‘Sscosuresequred to meet both
reguatoryrepmer.

The Report alo incudes non Fes
measures which we bebeve prone
Investor and other sakeholsers nt)
Important accion formation about
the Company performance. Where
sed theyareincicated

External websites and repors that
aerefered tin this Report ae not
ineorperated int and donot formar
oft Report

Relevant policies are avalableon

policies-and-standards

Contents

Strategie Report
Haleonata gance

ae
2025hghlghs

2
Chaisstatement 3 105
Our business model 4 Independent audtorsreport 108
Chel Executive Ofcersreview 5 Report of independent repstered
Ourstteey public accountng fm no
Market covers 8 Conoidtedicone satenene 12

Ourcategoies Consalted statement
Oureporeachtoheathincusvty —_omprehensheincome m
rd snanaty 15 Consoleatebaanceshest 123
Gimate ans ratrerelates Conscated sateen ot
franca roses 2 crangesineauiy a
Secton172 statement and Conscdbtedcat flow statement 325
Staeholder engage 2 Notstothe Consobcted
Oureture nd people 35. Financ Statements w
Ourkeypetomenceindeators 49
2025 Peace review “2 parent Company
Oucapproach to rsk SO erect Sacer ents
Yatieysomnen $3 paren Comparyatancesheet 149
enent of compl Parent Compony statement of
cangesineauty 7
Corporate Governance Notes tothe Porent Company
ur Board of rectors 0 Franc Statements 1
‘Ou Exec Tear a
Eero the On & othertnformation
teow acces eet Report vs
oupiteration i»
Wirkorce engagement 8 sion
‘Aucit Risk Committee Report 7_—Srareholder inform ro
Envronmarta Soca Fom20-Feossreterence 199
Sinarabiiy Committe Repo 74 :
Sesame mae and ntureeated
masons & os ys Sonrescorsreference 202
ComeetceRenor con 7h Fomardlosing statements 204
Decaertanearaon par UseotnoniFeSmessues 208
ore 4 Gossany 2
Corporate GovermanceCode 106 Yesitintrmation m

|

Corporate Consotdares Parent Company omer
Governance FirancalStatenens Financial Statements —_‘Iaformation

A world-class consumer company
focused on better everyday health

Haleon ata glance

c.£200bn' | Our purpose: to deliver better “Three key drivers of value creation: to unlock our full potenti?
Mathai siog everyday health with humanity 4-6% organic ] { Adjusted Strong cashflow
6 revenue growthover || operating profit generation and
Our strategy: our Win as the medium term | | of high single-digit disciplined capital
Global categories One strategy is how we will | wowhaccensan allocation
£11bn realise our ambitions —w. L ~ ~.
Revenve + nd out move sbou ou seatety fom pose | [Strong EPS growth generating industry-leading shareholder returns
Portfolio of leading brands in re:
Siemarket Orat Respiratory Digestive Therapeutic Skin
categories Health. 2 Health TARY Heath = Health & Other
4 ix 0Ct—“‘“S
| Sores 3 A i t
= q
i =p \
| oat ined a :
i
| Saterposton £30bn/#1? £66bn/#1 £20bn/#1 £32bn/#2— | £20bn/#1 £34bn/#3*
. Combinedicategory growth at 3-4%5

4. Global Data ESP 2024 ‘Oralare’ mapping to Oral Health Nichalas Hall MSP 2024 (VMS. Analgesic’ mapping to Pain Rei Cough Cold & Alergy plus ‘Ssming Conte mapping to Respiratory Heath Gastrointestinal’ mapping to Digestive Health,
‘a Dermatological’ plus Leste CAC (excusing Smoking Conte") mapping to Therapaut Skin Heath & Othe 2024 the atest dat to wich datas avaiable forthe consumar healthcare maka 89 whole beyond ourindidual categories

2. NonF8 measures ar defined and reconctedt the nearest IFRS measut, efor page 205 for move det

4. Rents to Therapeutic Oral Heath only, ram Haleo's ana of ta party data incudng OVIA, Crean, Nelsen et al 2024 Data set based on Haleon lobal category standards. eleonis #3 across the entre Oral Heatheategery

‘4 Relates o Therapeutic Skin Heal ony mapped tothe Nicholas Hall Demotologcas category alae leans #S acoss he entre Therapeiie Skin Heal & Other cxsgOry.

'5,Holeo’s analysis of third-party market data inctuding IQVIA Cicana, NIG et 2024) Dataset based on Halon global category standards

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 2

2025 highlights

Continued strong
performance

Non-IFRS measures* [Non,financial}

measures}

Reported financial measures
%e
£11.0bn (1.8)%
%e
£2.4bn 9.3%
£2.6bn 5.1x
18.5p 7.1p

Operating
profit margin

21.9%

2024: 19.6%

{
'
i}

Cxganic revenue growth

3.0%

2024: 5.0%

Adjusted
‘operating profit

£2.5bn

2024: £2.5bn

Free cash flow

£1.9bn

2024: E196"

‘Adjusted dilted earnings
per share

18.8p

2024: 1799

OMG UP has issued independent United assurance over the selected dts indcatad wing assvrance standards ISAE(UX) 3000 and SAE 2420.

i]

55%" |
reduction inet Scope
and 2 carbon emissions

vsthe 2020 baseline

Organic operating ‘Adjusted operating |

profit growth profit margin | 9%

10.5% 22.9% | | wxsonssne

petroleum-based plastic
2024: 9.8% 2024: 22.3%
Net debt/adiusted

me 46.3%
2.6x sump
dora 7am+

people empowered to
be more included in
‘opportunities for better
‘everyday health

a

4. Weuse certain non IFRS measures to provide aderal formation about tne Conpeny's perfomance and postion Nor IFRS measures maybe considered inadltion ta, but rot as substitute foro superior ta, nfeemation presented in accordance with
[TRS Non IFRS measures are defined and reconcld tothe nearest Fs measure, Se on sage 205 or mare Stas
2. Includes the intenm didend of 229 paid on 18 September 2025, and the proposed ira dadend of 4p per onary share. The otal dividend represent 2 payout rato of approximately 38% of adjusted earings (2024: approxiraely 37%)

2. Thisdoes nt include the US and Puerto Ro,

ateon Annual Report and Form 20-2025,

Chair's statement

A year of good
progress

Vindi Banga
Chair

Corporate
Governance

| Win as One
| tr tay, we Launched our new Win as
One strategy @ bold and ambitious
plan to unlock our full potential. We are
focused on delivering three strategic
Priortes: delivering consistent growth,
Unlocking productivity gains and
embedding an agile, performance:
focused culture. In January 2026, we
announced our new operating model,
which will enable us to ctve growth and
aglty in support of our new strategy.

We are focused on delivering our
three key priorities in support of
our Win as One strategy.

Formore information
about our 2025
resuits use the
aRcode

Tewas a privilege to be appointed Chair
from 1 January 2026. Since then, I have
bbeen focused on supporting Brian and
the Haleon Executive Team on our
strategy, and positioning Haleon for
the long term,

2025: Good progress in a
challenging market

Haleon delivered a competitive
performance in 2025, outperforming
‘our global categories ina challenging
market. Against this backdrop, we
improved our gross margin significantly
through the ongoing transformation of
‘our supply chain allowing us to invest
in strengthening our brands while
delivering higher profits

Hateon Annual Report and Ferm 204 2025

This will enable better investment
choices, superior execution and
enhanced marketing and brand-building
capabilities.

Disciplined capital allocation
and dividend

The final Pfizer sell-down in March 2025
was an important milestone for us as a
standalone business and reflects our
significant progress since listing, We have
delevered to 2.6xnet debt / adjusted
EBITDA, enabling us to return substantial
value to our shareholders. In 2025,

‘we returned a total of £1.1bn through
dividends and buyback

Our strategic position in China, our
second-largest market and a key source
of long-term growth, was advanced
through the acquisition ofthe remaining
12% stake in our TSKF joint venture.

We remain focused on bolt-on
acquisitions that complement our
existing portfolio, witha strong
strategic fit and attractive financials.

‘The Board is proposing a total
dividend of 71p per ordinary share
which represents @ payout ratio of
approximately 38% of 2025 adjusted
earnings. Ths includes a final dividend
of 49p per ordinary share.

Conetidated
Financial Statements

Parent Company
Financial Statements

Governance
Following my appointment as Chait,

Alan Stewart was appointed as Senior
Independent Director from 1 January
2026. Blathnaid Bergin, Chief Financial
Officer oF Sainsbury ple and Matt
Shattock, a highly experienced consumer
sector leader were appointed to the
Board in February and June 2025
respectively, adding to the collective
experience and strength ofthe Board.

‘The Board travelled to our global
Overthe-Counter (OTC) R&D and
manufacturing centre in Nyon,
Switzerland and to our largest market,
the US. These visits, as well as our
regular interactions with colleagues
across the business, provide

valuable insights.

We continue to uphold the highest
standard of ethics and regulatory
compliance ensuring transparency and
accountability in all we do. We also
reaffirmed our commitment to delivering
better everyday health with humanity
through our Health Inclusivity and
Sustainability Report, whichis an
integral part of our Win as One strategy.

In 2025, we achieved all the Responsible
Business goals we set at listing, including,
‘empowering 50m people annually

to access improved everyday health

We have now set an ambitious goal of
providing opportunities for over 300m
people a year to take more control of
their health by 2030.

other
Information

Focus for 2026
‘The Board has the following priorities for
this year.

= Driving our growth, productivity and
culture change agenda, including the
implementation of our new operating
model.

= Supporting our value creation
framework through disciplined capital
allocation to deliver our ambition
(of generating industry-leading
shareholder returns.

— Building our capabilites in innovation,
marketing, R&D, information, data
analytics and customer excellence
to that of a world-class consumer
focused business.

= Maintaining strong corporate
‘governance and upholding robust
ethical standards.

My Board and I will work closely

with the Executive Team to support
Haleon's continuing evolution, and drive
performance and shareholder returns
through the delivery of our strategy.

‘Thank you
would like to thank Sir Dave Lewis for
his contribution as Chair since listing, as
well as Brian and the Executive Team for
their commitment and hard work in 2025.

‘Our business model

Our value creation
framework

Our value creation is focused o

We will drive strong earnings per share growth to generate
industry-leading shareholder returns.

1) Operating leverage from top-line growth; 2) Strong free cash flow generation; and 3) Disciplined capital allocation.

Operating leverage’

| = 4-6% annual organic revenue growth?,
— +50-80bps adjusted gross profit margin per year’.

— High single-digit adjusted operating profit growth*

‘Organic revenue growth:
‘Against a challenging backdrop in our major markets, revenue grew
3.0% organically, below our 4-6% target range.

Gross profit margin expansion:
Continued complexity reduction and operational excellence
across the supply chain delivered +220bps of adjusted gross profit
‘margin improvement at constant curency, well aheed of our
‘extemal guidance, and powering us towards our five-year target
of total £800m gross productivity savings

‘Adjusted operating profit growth:
In 2025 Haleon delivered organic operating profit growth of
10.5%, ahead of our high single-digit guidance. ABP investment
23 20.5% of net revenue fuelled topetine growth, whilst R&D
investment also grew high single-cigit, reinforcing ou strong
scientific capabilty and innovation platforms. Strong discipline
‘on remaining income statement lines delivered organic operating
profit margin expansion of #1605ps (+60bps ona reported basi).

+

\ Strong cash flow genera
i

— Working capital improvement,
~ Strong free cash flow.
— €.2.5x net debt/adjusted EBITDA.

Working capital improvements:
Working capital improvements generated £0.2bn of additional
cash, diven by inventory and payables optimisations, reducing our
«ash cycle and allowing reinvestment focus areas

Strong free cash flow:
Strong free cashflow of £1.9bn (2024: £19br), maintaining a trend
‘of strong cash generation.

‘Strong investment grade batance sheet:
Robust free cash flow delivery and strategic capital allocation
choices reinforce our strong investment grade balance sheet,
with FY25 leverege at 26x and significant capacity to support
future investments

+

= Invest for growth
— Bolt-on acquisitions
— Return surplus cash to shareholders.

Investing for growth:
12025, Haleon focused reinvestment in: superior brands to dive
top-line growth, supply chain optimisation to deliver gross profit
margin expansion, and processes, people and systems to drive
‘operating efficiencies and productivity - all of which delivered
sustainable growth and attractive returns, Capital expenditure
was £0.4bn (3.7% of revenve).

Bolt-on Ma
\We remain committed to balancing portfolio management
alongside value-accretive acquisitions. In June we completed the
acquisition ofthe cemaining 12% stake in our China Joint Venture
for c£0.2b0

Shareholder returns:
Haleon has dividend policy that looks to balance its
shareholders’ interests, while ensuring the long-term success

fof the Company. in 2025, Haleon returned over £L.1bn to
shareholders, tough £0.5bn in share buybacks and £0 ébn in
dividends. The Board has proposed a 2025 total dividend of 73
per ordinary share, representing approximately 38% of 2025
‘adjusted earings (37% in 2024). Over the medium term, Haleon
‘expects dividends to grow at Least in ine wth adjusted earnings.

Strong EPS* growth generating industry-leading shareholder returns

4. Defintons and catelations of nomFRS measures canbe found rom page 205. 2. Over te medium term the Company expects annua oxpnic revenue growth of 4-6% 3. On average over the net yars at constant curncy. 4 At constant cureney.

4

Hateon Annus Report and Form 20: 2025

chief Executive Officer's review

Win as One

Brian McNamara
Chief Executive Officer

L__}

Transforming into a world-class
consumer company

2025 was an important year for Haleon.

We made good progress against our three
strategic priorities: delivering competitive
growth in a challenging environment;
Unlocking productivity gains and embedding
an agile; performance-focused culture

Financial hightights |
(Organic revenue grew 3.0% (reported (1.8)%)
‘and 60% of our brands grew or maintained
market share. We continued to drive

productivity, with adjusted gross profit margin |

Lup 220bps at constant currency (reported
350bps), which provided capacity for healthy
investment in the business, This resulted in
‘organic operating profit growth of 10.5%
Ceported 93%). Adjusted operating profit
margin increased 160bps on an organic basis

Geported 230bps). Free cash flow forthe year |

was strong, and we invested in high-growth
‘markets such as China, where we acquired the

|
|
and 60bps on an actual exchange rate basis. |
|

remaining stake in our TSKE joint venture to
take us to full ownership,

ateon Annval Report and Form 20-F 2025

vate
Report

Introducing our Win as One strategy
Haleon operates in an attractive and highly
relevant global consumer health sector worth
around £200bn* today. We are well positioned

| to benefit from favourable long-term macro

trends including the global focus on health
and wellness, ageing populations, and

{a growing midale class, particulary in
emerging markets,

This year, we launched our Win as One
strategy, which will enable us to unlock our
full potential. Itwill support our ambitions to
reach one billion more consumers by 2030
and deliver industry-Leading shareholder
returns. Read more on page 6.

Growth
Leveraging our global footprint, scaling our
innovations and capitalsing onthe strength
and breadth of our superior brands wil
tenable us to deliver health in more hands.
We are focused on three key opportunites

— Closing the incidence vs treatment gap:
Jn Gum Health, parodontax has become
Cone of our top-selling innovations across
China's largest three cities and is now in
‘ver 10,000 stores. We continue to roll out
Sensodyne's Clinical range which is fuelling
growth among younger consumers.

= Innovation-led premiumisation: In North
‘America, we launched our new nasal mist
technology under the Theraflu brand
following its success with Otivin, whichis
diving strong market gains. In VMS, the
‘expansion of Centrum Daily Kits across
Asia-Pacific has delivered market share
‘gains with over one million packs sold
since launch

= Reaching lower-income consumers: We
more than doubled rural India distribution
to 600,000 outlets, Boosting 20-Rupee
Sensodyne consumption, expanding ENO
3-in- reach and launching 10-Rupee
Centrum Recharge.

Corporate
Governance

Consolidated
Fnancal Stateeats

Productivity
We aim to unlock £800m in gross supply
chain savings over the next five years through
‘optimising our supply chain, allowing us to
deliver operating leverage more consistently
to the bottom line. Progress includes:

~ Tracking well against our targets to reduce
SKUs, packaging and formulations by
around 30%.

— Increasing our multi-sourcing of ingredients,
to around 90% and lower logistics costs.
from optimising shipments, ports and global
leverage. Further efficiencies wil flow from
globalised engineering, technical platforms
and an innovation supply chain.

cuiture
We are transforming Haleon into a world-class
consumer company, with an agile,
performance-focused culture. Progress
includes:

— Employee engagement reached 82% in
our latest annual engagement survey.

= In January 2026, we announced plans to
‘evolve our operating model to drive growth
and agility in support of our Win as One
ambitions. This included creating anew
Chief Growth Officer role to lead our growth
{and innovation agenda alongside the
Creation of six new Operating Units,
wihich all sit on the Haleon Executive Team,
bringing the voice of consumers deeper
into strategic decision making

Strengthening our leadership
In May 2025, we welcomed Nathalie
Gerschtein as our new President, North
‘America, who brings over two decades of
experience across the retail, FMCG and
beauty industries. Carl Haney also joined as
‘our new Chief R&D Officer in August 2025,
bringing world-class expertise in driving
transformative innovation within global
consumer businesses,

Parent Company
Feancal Statements

omer
Tnlormation

‘As part of our announcement to evolve our
‘operating model in January 2026, Filippo Lanzi
became Chief Growth Officer, and Bjémm
Timelin became Chief Transformation Officer.
‘Jon Workman was appointed President,
Europe and Gzlem Kaynak was named as.
President, Middle East & Africa.

We atso welcomed two new external leaders.
‘Andrés Gonzélez joined as President, Latin
‘America from Unilever, where he was most
recently President Beauty & Wellbeing LatAm
and President, Unilever Brazil. Kedar Lele
joined.as President, India Subcontinent from
Castrol India Ltd, where he was most recently
‘Managing Director for Castrol India's South
‘Asia business. Thank you to Lisa Paley and
Franck Rit, who left the business in 2025,

for ther significant contributions to Haleon.

2026 outlook
‘The opportunity ahead for Haleon is
significant and I remain confident in our
ability to deliver on our medium-term
Buidance. In 2026, we expect organic revenue
growth of 3-5% and high single-digit adjusted
Operating profit growth at constant currency.

Thank you

would like to thank Sir Dave Lewis for the
instrumental role he played as Haleon's Chair
since our listing in July 2022, and for his
support to me and my Executive Team,

look forward to working closely with
Vindi Banga, our new Chair in the year ahead,
Vindi has an extensive track record in global
consumer businesses and extensive
international Board experience.

Finally, [would like to thank the Board and
‘everyone at Haleon for their hard work and.
‘commitment to the business.

1. Nicholas Hall Euromontr Passport and Halen analysis.
of third-party data the atest avolable data forthe
Consumer Heattcare market as a whole, beyond our
‘raids eategoes

Ourstratesy

Our strategy:
Win as One

We are making good progress to transform Haleon into
aworld-class consumer company.

(Our Win as One strategy is all about raising our ambitions and unlocking
our full potential. Itis how we are mobilising and driving the organisation
forward, to capture the opportunities we see ahead. Our strategy consists
(of mutually reinforcing elements: our purpose, two ambitions, four strategic
rivers and four behaviours.

ith with
hainanity
et

Ourbehaviours
aso ormpsc

Our purpose |

Our purpose is to deliver better everyday health with humanity.
This is the impact we want to create for our consumers
around the world.

Reach ibn more consumers by 2030

We are proud of the impact we have on people around the world. Haleon helps 1.4bn consumerst
globally to look after their everyday health and by 2030 we aim to serve a billion more.

Generate industry-leading shareholder returns

Wie will create value for shareholders and generate industry-leading shareholder returns by diving
continued topline growth, capturing significant gross proft margin opportunity and continuing to
transform nto 8 more age and perfermance-focused consumer company.

We will deliver our ambitions through four strategic drivers

1. Health in more hands

Help many more people solve more of their
everyday health needs

Thisis about unlocking significant headroom within
‘our categories. It is about driving penetration,
closing the incidence vs treatment gap, delivering
innovation-led premiumisation, and expanding
reach among under-served segments, including
lower-income consumers, Itis also about driving
‘geographic expansion and new occasions.

2. Superior brands

Build superior brands - trusted and preferred
by consumers, customers and experts

This is about leveraging our category footprint,
scaling our innovations, capitalising on the strength
and breadth of our brand portfolio, and driving
expert advocacy and recommendation. We are also
developing superior innovation and claims backed
by scientific evidence, delighting consumers with
ppack and sensorial attributes, and ensuring brillant
execution to be first choice at shelf

| 3. Wired for excellence

Create capability advantage across the value
chain - powered by data, digital and analytics,
| and operational excellence

| We are diving efficiency and productivity across
| the entize value chain This includes reducing

| unnecessary complexity and inefficiency in our

| suppty chain - raccally simplifying our current

| portfolio and evolving our manufacturing footprint.
Wie are also driving innovation, and customer and
shopper excellence

4. Full potential people
Unleash the full potential of our people tobe
attheir best

| We do thisby unlocking the potential of our people
todeliver on our ambitions and cultivating a culture
that gives us a genuine competitive advantage. We
are simplifying our processes, uplifting capability
‘and driving a culture shift to become a more agile,
performance-focused company. Tis includes
streamlining our operating model and continuing to
‘expand our business services footprint to support

| ourgrowth and productivity agenda.

4. Reach modeling study 2025, conducted by Eropanel (joint venture between Numerator UK id and Your GMBH).

Waleon Annual Report and Form 20+ 2025

| suatese Corporate Consolidated Parent Company other
| eeport Governance FinancalSatements Financia Statements ‘Information

To Win as One, we have embedded four behaviours

Our competitive strengths will help us unlock our ambitions
i
- | Consumer first here, but in new digital ways. In addition to our
1. Consumer first, always i on ares ding th high-quality clnialstuces, we ae expancing the
Understand the consumer and take action to meet their needs; make purpose-led fe focus on understanciing the consumer use of ‘real-world-evidence studies’ to provide

sions: and prioritise solutions that benefit consumer and priovitising solutions that meet their health
Gecisons: and enetis consumers needs. This helps us to develop fitfor-purpose
| innovation and communication, and to enhance

our engagement with Health Professionals who

robust insight into both usage and quality-of life
benefits of products for our consumers.

2. Collaborate for impact help educate consumers. There is a huge Pharmacy channel expertise
Build relationships to deliver our purpose and ambitions; seek diverse views to | opportunity to create products that improve Pharmacies are considered a first point of care
test thinking: and constructively challenge for better outcomes. people's quality of life, not just treat their for consumers. Our geographic footprint and
[health needs. extensive sales force give us strong reach in this
channel, where recommendation of trusted health
3. Unlock value at pace Trusted science products matters. We have direct relationships

with pharmacists, anchored in: offering best-in-

Effectively se data to shape setchng goals relenesl focus on cresting 1 Weteverage the technical an sient wth pharmacists, anchored in: offering
Shareholder value, and have aba for ton = fast decisions, execute, eat Ciperise four scent, andoreiwesing | {ass hopper experience rough avait of
andinprove €.£200min new cuting edge RED acy, 3

200m na necting eo vie | Ma ouri-store erection programmes and

conte oasioncetistohapethefiturect” | Sa#cttngand paring wih parma to
wath their eostomers, en

heatihcare poly ardvegulaton,imovte wth | DES EPEBBE wit thelr costomers,

4. Grow myself and others | new digital solutions, and actively support eh dignal copebi

Our employees own ther own gronth and performance have candid

product licences. Science is at the heart of our
Conversations and energise and inspire others for resilience and potential Brands, and we are going to continue investing

Our Health inclusivity and Sustainability strategy is woven | The Boars and secutive Teomreiew vate on satay evo and perfomance thoughout
into every element of our strategy and is at the heart of we yser
everything we do \@

a | See also our approach to health inclusivity and sustainability, key performance indicators,
We ov focused on sdresng the sod and enuronmental baer hat hale 2025 finance review, approach to rsk, and Board activities’ sections. on pages 1,40, 42.50 and 6.
people back from better everydy health. For us this includes: empowering people
to take charge oftheir health, minimising our impact on the environment 200
Upholding high standards across our vale chain

Hateon AnnualReport and Form 20-F 2025

Market drivers

Consumer Health is an attractive, Haleon is well positioned. As socioeconomic and geopolitical

dynamics shift, we see growing opportunities to drive reach and

evolving sector supported by optimise our supply chain, We have strong positions in attractive

l categories, which help us address evolving consumer needs and
a regulatory trends. We are investing in digital and technology,
ong-term macro t rends and have competitive strengths in pharmacies and with experts,
to help us adapt to the evolving channel landscape.

Broader sector dynamics
| | Te Consumer Health sector continued to
& o i || Smeree nd eves in 025 Opals became
eS : || sctandalone Consumer Heath company.
Xo ) | || falloming ne complevon of svots sl of
Socioeconomic and Consumer needs Channel landscape Regulatory dynamics || on Stet nce folonng vane
geopolitical evolving evolving changing || tstngase ulndependert compan,
ie | | Kimberly-Clark announced its intention to.
dynamics shifting ' || Eeiccceencne Ste ga
_ } health ond wellness compony-In paral,
v v | Consumer cls compan are Sele
| reshaping ther portlios Church & Dwight
Global population growth is Chronic conditions are becoming Grocery, drug and traditional Health systems are shifting. and Nestlé engaged in strategic reviews of
Sinem by Asisand dle ost reweconmmon civn by ogee phormacy Ganels ore seder towerdsselicare sodexpanding | the VMS businesses, and Procter & Gamble
snd Aca wth ind hing populations sod emmormen a Sepitcart pressure wth therole of phemavesto | recently aqued Digestive Heath brand
‘overtaken China in population ‘and behavioural factors. Online increasing input costs. manage strong self-care demand, | Wonderbelly. Reckitt divested its Essential
size. Emerging-market hannels ore becoming ary Meanwhile, shifts to ecommerce health-worker shortages and cost | Home business etaining 2 30% equity stake),
Urbanisation and midcle-class Source of health information ‘and e828 ae accelerating, Asa pressures Reguationsare also. | tobecome a simpler consumer heath and
‘expansion, and developed: and health specialists are still consequence, retailers and increasing - with stronger scrutiny. hygiene company. Businesses in the sector
iraret income polatsaton ae inuencng purchasing decane. ——_gnepavoons re ang ta Stteathciains ghtermgedient | feude Sayer Church Dwight Clgate-
driving self-care. Geopolitical Demand is also increasing for and technology to shape their safety and transparency, and Palmolive, Kenvue, Nestlé, Opella, Procter
fala rfisondconeney holst health solutons. gta offerings psn snd consumer Rectang fSGregdteneand | & Gamble, Rect and Unieve along vith
flactatons also mpact tools rein uarperenry pln ‘mooring equrements iocel ployer hie te sector's hy
atfrdabiy and soppy chain. ethcacy ond ced competve, Holeon hs been abet

differentiate itself through its purpose
‘and Win as One strategy, underpinned by
consumer understanding, rusted science
and pharmacy channel experts.

53% 1.4bn 18m

growthcomes tom sn iaaaaaainell pel nfer aaaala global health-work 1, Source: NIO, ‘Global State of Health and Wellness,
HES

8 Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-2025

Our cate

Oral Health

2025 revenue

£3,461m
45% 79%

‘growth ‘orgonic growth

Our brands

SENSODYNE J {COREGA)

Corporate
Goverance

The importance of Oral Health
‘According to the World Health
Organization (WHO), nearly half of the
world's population is affected by oral
diseases or conditions, with cases
increasing by c:1billion' over the past

30 years. Poor Oral Health not only
leads to discomfort and pain, italso
increases the risk of noncommunicable
diseases such as diabetes, obesity and
cardiovascular diseases. Oral Health
conditions are, in most cases,
preventable and treatable, if managed in
their early stages. Tooth sensitivity and
gum disease are widespread (each with
45-50% prevalence’), yet treatment
rates remain tow, with for example only
‘around a third of consumers using a
specialist toothpaste for each condition

Ourposition
We focus on premium, specialist
Therapeutic Oral Health with broad
geographic presence. Haleon is the
global #1 in Sensitivity toothpaste
{with Sensodyne), #2*in Gum Health
toothpaste (with parodontax) and #1?
in Denture Care (with Corege/
Polident/Poligio:

conslidated
Financial Statements

Parent Company other
Financ Statemens Information

Activity examples

Innovation-led premiumisation
Expanded Sensodyne Clinica range globally. Clinically proven to whiten teeth
bby two shadessand provide 24/7 sensitivity protection, Sensodyne Clinical White
'snow availabe in more than 25 markets and i anked as 8 top 10 innovation ia,
the US Oral Health market.

Expanding reach
Improved access to Oral Health in emerging markets. Introduced an affordable
‘Sensodyne Cavity + Sensitivity toothpaste in 15 markets, including Indonesia and
South Arica, addressing affordability barrier, nd supported by online activation.

‘Scaling innovation
Expanded Gum Health innovation globally. Building on its successful 2024
launch we expanded parodontax’s distribution in China, contrbut ng tothe
brand's global double-cigt growth

@&

Expert recommendation
‘Strengthened scientific leadership in Gum Health Sensitivity care. Presented
‘wo sessions at 'EuoPero 1, attended by over 10,000 dental pro‘essionals,
‘around evidence-based care for dentine hypersensitivity and gingiits

‘Superior innovation
Enhanced Denture Care performance, with the rollout of Poligrip Ultimate
‘Allin One’ across Europe, US and Japant. I offers 243% stronger Fold? our best
biting power® and clinically-proven comfort with 12-hour hold. The launch
‘achieved around 5% market share in Japan within seven months of launch

‘and ranked asthe #1 Denture Care innovation inthe US.

Krounen

parodontax

POLIGRIP))
Sac Wot Omron ClO 2

ee sandnt tl
come
Aiea) ee ree ama tet ated Comoran nil woo
Eerie ene ae eric efi rr oa
Peotone
ee ae on ceratuiemnaota oe aiebeed
mene
+ Semmciclonenr areas
: eee
Eee acoryamanuston com Nana Ose
Serato tea
re oon certo
Faeteuepeeriictoah
. nen + eaeeetee
* crn te |S, ascent
Sep tomate 3 emotes Ee er tt eps comttomniente
| sx ae ame ee eee eer concen ts mom
sesaeriencaee | 9 Scie ea

woot twice day brushing

Marketdivers

© secceccranic and geopotical dyamics siting

Mateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 9

Ourcategories continued

Vitamins, Minerals &
Supplements (VMS)

ote

2025 revenue

£1,685m
(0.6)% 1.9%

Our brands:
Centrum CCattrate

l

‘See page 47 for further information on performance
during the year.

10

‘The importance of VMS
Health and wellness is a top priorty for
‘consumers, with particular interests in
need states such as nutrition, cognition,
longevity and weight management. Good
‘utition also serves as the foundation
for other health and wellness needs.
However, the majority of the global
population do not consume enough
‘micronutrients essential to health. Our
ambition is to enable consumers to take
Control of their health and wellness with
trusted, science-backed supplements
that fill critical nutrient gaps.

Our position
Haleon is the #1 playerin VMS globally’
ur key brands include: Centrum - the
world's leading Multivitamin’ Caltrate

= world leader in Calcium and
Emergen-C - world leader in Vitamin C

Marketdrivers
® socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shiting
& consumer needs evolving

B crannetandscape evhing

EG eeesatory dynamics changing

Activity examples

Market
ies driver(s)

@8

uth driver and 2025 acti

Key er

Innovation-led premiumisation
Continued our expansion across Asia-Pacific of our Centrum Daily Kits range,
2 30-day supply of taliored vitamins for gender and age needs. The range now
features added premium benefits including cellular health and metabolism
support, delivering the largest innovation for Centrum globally

Expanding reach
‘Accelerated access to Centrum ange for lower-income consumers, via growth
‘of our Centrum Essential Benefit ange of Multivitamin, Energy and Immunity
solutions. The range continued to attract new consumers tothe category and

@8

8e

Launched Caltrate Kids Liquid in China, witha patented Vitamin K2 formulation
for ten times beter absorption, supported by key-opinion-\eader content to
‘enhance education and build consumer trust in digital commerce,

‘Claims backed by evidence
Launched new, superior cognition claim for Centrum Silver inthe US that
"Taking Centrum Siver may slow cognitive ageing upto 60%, amplified by digital
activation and influencer support.

Expert recommendation
Enhanced expert activation for Centrum. Continued imiting experts globally,
‘and across the US and Southeast Asi, to Think Again’ about Multivitamin
benefits. Over 85% of experts inthe Philippines who took part stated that they
would be likely to recommend Centrum Multivitamin to their patients.

‘Meaningful and different brands &
Expanded the Emergen-C brand inthe US. Launched a new master-brand

campaign, 'So much more than Vitamin Ct, highlighting Emergen-C ingredients
beyond vitamin C Gneluding 8 vitamins, zinc and electrolytes) riving share growth
inthe market.

ese

Ose

Source Nicholas Halls global CHC database, 085 2024) and Halaon ana of hic paty market
ata, the atest avaabe dat forthe Consumer Heath market a9 whole Deyond ound
etepotes.

ateon Annual Report and Form 20+ 2025