HALON

ML

A3 20/04/2024 #8.
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

—

Haleon plc 13691224

Haleon at a glance

We are a global leader in the growing consumer healthcare market:

£190bn ~=—so5 9 £11.3bn

Market? Global categories* Power Brands Revenue

Our purpose: To deliver better everyday health with humanity

Our strategy: Our strategy is designed to leverage our portfolio and capabilities
and has four key pillars:

1 2

Increase Capitatise on

3 4

Maintain strong Runa responsible

execution and business
financial discipline

household new and emerging
penetration opportunities

Medium-term Annual organic revenue? Organic operating Net debt/adjusted
financial guidance: growth of 4-6% profit? growth ahead of EBITDA? expected to be
organic revenue? growth —_ around 2.5x. Dividend to
grow at least in line with

adjusted earnings

Leadership position across five global categories**:

-—shh Over-the-Counter (OTC), ————_,

Vitamins, Minerals

Respiratory Digestive Health
Oral Health and Supplements Health ‘and Other
(VMs)
y, 159 239 159 199
28% % % % %
of 2023 revenue of 2023 revenue of 2023 revenue of 2023 revenue of 2023 revenue

SENSODYNE J Centrum Wvoltaren Otrivin

‘OL!

NT. THERAFLU

parodontax [Emergen-G] Advil

* Source: Nicholas Hall (2023) and Haleon’s analysis of third-party market data.
2 Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found from page 43.
9 Oral Health market position refers to Therapeutic Oral Health which comprises ¢.90% of 2023 Oral Health revenues.

What's inside

2023 highlights 2. Statement of Directors’
Chair's statement 4 responsibilities 98
Chief Executive Officer's review 5 Independent auditor's report 99
Consumers Our business environment 6
Our business model 8
Our key stakeholders 10 Consolidated income statement 116
OOD Our strategy 12 Consolidated statement of
Lo) Our market categories 13 _ comprehensive income 117
Customers Our culture and people 1g Consolidated balance sheet 118
Our approach to sustainability 22 Consolidated statement of
, changes in equity 119
Our key performance indicators 32 ‘
A . Consolidated cash flow statement 120
R% 2023 Business review 34 h
jotes to the Consolidated
Employees Use of non-IFRS measures 43 ‘Financial Statements 121
Our approach to risk 53
Viability statement 59 parent Company Financial Statements
Y Statement of compliance 60
Governments and
industry regulators Parent Company balance sheet 178
Parent Company statement of
changes in equity 179
Our Board of Directors 62 Notes to the Parent Company
Our Executive Team 64 Financial Statements 180
Health Letter from the Chair 66 _
Professionals Governance structure 67 | Other Information
Board activities 68
Audit & Risk Committee Report 72 *
Q Environmental & Social Directors’ Report 186
Investors Sustainability Committee Report 77 Group information ; 191
Nominations & Governance Shareholder information 208
Committee Report 78 Exhibits 212
RES Directors’ Remuneration Report 80 Form 20-F cross-reference 214
. Compliance with the UK Corporate Forward-looking statements. 218
Suppliers Governance Code 96 Glossary 219
Useful information 220
>> See page 10
Photographs Our approach to reporting
Our front cover proudly Integrated reporting
features Haleon employees In addition to our shares being listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE), Haleon
Charlene, Michael, Patricia, is a foreign private issuer (FPI) with American Depositary Shares (ADSs) listed on the
Chehrazade, Alfonso New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have produced a combined Annual Report
and Beatriz. and Form 20-F to ensure consistency of information for both UK and US investors.

This Report contains disclosures required to meet both regulatory regimes.

Throughout our Report you

will also find a selection of The Report also includes non-IFRS measures, which we believe provide investors
imagery featuring some of our and other stakeholders with important additional information about the
brand marketing campaigns, Company's performance. Where used, they are indicated.

responsible business . aa
initiatives and employees. External websites and/or reports that are referred to in this Report are not

We extend our thanks to incorporated into and do not form part of this Report.

all of those featured.
>> Relevant policies are available on our website
www.haleon.com/who-we-are/Governance/codes-policies-and-standards

What's inside Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023 1

2023 highlights

Revenue by geography Revenue by market category
a @ Oral Health £3.1bn 28%
\) © North America £4.2bn 37% © vas £16bn 15%
@ EMEA & LatAm £4.5bn 40% ( @ Pain Relief £2.7bn 23%
@ APAC £2.6bn 23% J @ Respiratory Health £17bn 15%
Nes © Digestive Health and Other £2.1bn 19%
Revenue Revenue growth Organic revenue growth*
Q 8.09
£11.3bn 4.1% 0%
(2022: £10.9bn) (2022: 13.8%) (2022: 9.0%)

Operating profit

£2.0bn

(2022: £1.8bn)

Operating profit margin

17.7%

(2022: 16.8%)

Operating profit growth

9.4%

(2022: 11.4%)

Adjusted operating profit* Adjusted operating Organic operating

profit margin* profit growth*

0, 0,

£2.5bn 22.6% 10.8%
(2022: £2.5bn) (2022: 22.8%) (2022: 5.9%)
Diluted earnings per share Adjusted diluted earnings Total dividend

per share* per ordinary share?
11.3p 17.3p 6.0p
(2022: 11.5) (2022: 18.4p) (2022: 2.4p)

Net cash inflow from operating
activities

£2.1bn

(2022: £2.1bn)

* We use certain non-IFRS alternative performance measures to provide additional information about the Company's performance. Non-IFRS measures may be considered in

Free cash flow*

£1.6bn

(2022: £1.6bn)

Net debt/adjusted EBITDA?

3.0x

(3.6x as at 31 December 2022)

addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures are defined and reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure,

see from page 43 for more details.

2 Includes the interim dividend of 1.8p paid on 5 October 2023, and the proposed final dividend of 4.2p per ordinary share. The total dividend represents a payout ratio of c.35%
‘of adjusted earnings (2022: c.30%). For 2022, the payout ratio reflects a proportion of adjusted earnings for the period since listing,

2 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

Driving growth
through innovation

In 2023, we launched 68 new innovations, including Sensodyne
Pronamel Active Shield and Sensodyne Sensitivity & Gum,
which were named as the top two innovations in the US
toothpaste market. New packaging innovations included
Otrivin Nasal Mist, which dispenses a fine mist to bring

greater comfort to consumers.

68

new innovations

Health inclusivity

During 2023, in line with our purpose and responsible business
goals, we leveraged our brands to empower over 41m people
globally by helping to break down the barriers to health inclusivity
for marginalised groups. For example, our ‘Advil Pain Equity Project’
in the US championed equitable and accessible pain relief,

by highlighting pain inequity in Black communities.

4lm+

people empowered

Evolving into an agile
consumer health company

During 2023, Haleon introduced a three-year productivity programme.
We took proactive steps to streamline the business by optimising
our processes and structures, and removing duplication across
functions. This is expected to deliver annualised gross

cost savings of c.£300m, largely in 2024 and 2025.

c.£300m

annualised gross cost savings

Proactively managing
our portfolio

To reduce complexity across the business, we disposed of Lamisil

for £235m and recently announced the disposal of ChapStick for

$430m. This included receiving a passive minority stake in Suave

Brands Company (valued at $80m at the time of the transaction),

allowing Haleon to derive long-term value creation from Chap

We also reached a licensing agreement with Futura Medical to

exclusively commercialise the first FDA approved topical _
erectile dysfunction treatment for OTC use in the US.

£0.6bn

proceeds from announced disposals

2023 highlights

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023 3

Chair’s
statement

Sir Dave Lewis
Chair

2023: a year of delivering everyday
health with humanity

2023 marked our first full calendar year
as a standalone business, during which
we made good progress in establishing
our position as a world-leading global
consumer health company, with strong
foundations to support long-term growth.

While we recognise we have much
more to achieve, it was good to see

the business demonstrate continued
momentum. We delivered meaningful
progress across all elements of our
strategy to drive sustainable growth and
shareholder returns, giving us confidence
that we are on the right course to achieve
medium and long-term success.

The transformation into a global
consumer health company continues
and the Board and I were encouraged
by visits to Haleon's regional operations.
The opportunities ahead of Haleon

are significant.

Strong financial performance
Haleon's financial performance is
driven by deep human understanding
and investment in trusted science,
coupled with strong execution and
financial discipline.

By harnessing these competitive
advantages, Haleon achieved organic
revenue growth of 8.0% (reported 4.1%),
ahead of our medium-term guidance.
Adjusted operating profit at constant
currency also grew strongly at 10.4%
(reported operating profit +9.4%).

Consistent with the priorities set out

at the time of listing, we have rapidly
de-levered to 3.0x net debt/adjusted
EBITDA as at 31 December 2023. Strong
cash generation enabled us to accelerate
debt repayment and we now expect to
operate at leverage of around 2.5x over
the medium-term. This underpinned our
decision to announce a capital allocation
of £500m for share buybacks in 2024.

Dividend

The Board is proposing a total dividend of
6.0p per ordinary share which represents
a pay-out ratio of approximately 35% of
2023 adjusted earnings. This includes a
final dividend of 4.2p per ordinary share.

In line with our capital allocation
priorities to invest for growth, explore
acquisitions and return surplus capital
to shareholders, our current intention
is to grow the dividend at least inline
with adjusted earnings.

Importance of governance,
purpose and culture

One of my priorities as Chair is to ensure
Haleon’s continued commitment to good
corporate governance, which supports
both our purpose and culture.

During 2023, we actively engaged with,
and responded to, UK regulatory
consultations on corporate governance,
reporting and disclosure reforms.

Our first digitally enabled AGM was held
in April 2023. We will continue to embrace
technology to maximise participation,

and will broadcast this year’s AGM from
Haleon's offices in London.

We also embedded the Environmental
& Social Sustainability Committee,
which is focused on providing oversight
and effective governance over Haleon’s
environmental and social sustainability
agenda, and the external governance
and regulatory requirements relevant to
these areas. This included approving a
baseline year update for our virgin
plastic and Scope 3 carbon reduction
goals from 2020 to 2022, to align with
better data availability and accuracy.

Further progress was also made in
ensuring that our growth correlates with
our sustainability goals. For example,
70% of packaging for Haleon products

is recycle-ready, so we remain on track to
make all packaging recyclable or reusable
by 2030. We have also taken steps to
further enhance our safeguards around
modern slavery and the protection of
human rights, as they relate to Haleon’s
operations around the world

In terms of building our culture, we
continued to embed our diversity,
equity and inclusion (DED) principles
across the business, with a focus on
ethnicity and gender.

Priorities for 2024
The Board considers the following to
be our priorities for the year ahead:

— Increasing agility and productivity
across the business, by continuing
to optimise and evolve existing
processes and structures.

— Driving performance quality, by
focusing on the strategic pillars
which underpin our business.

— Creating shareholder value through
effective capital allocation to
maximise shareholder returns.

— Continued focus on strong corporate
governance and ethical behaviours.

Thank you

On behalf of the Board, I would like to
thank the Executive Team and all Haleon
employees globally for their hard work
throughout the year. Their dedication has
enabled the business to achieve strong
financial performance, while delivering
on our strategic objectives and building
strong foundations for the future.

While we are pleased with the progress
made to date, we look forward to building
on these foundations and delivering

‘on future growth opportunities in 2024,
and beyond.

4 Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Executive

Officer's
review

Chief Executive Officer

Building a track-record for growth
am very pleased with Haleon’s
performance in 2023, which despite the
challenging economic backdrop, saw
Haleon deliver strong financial results;

a testament to the strength of our
category-leading brands.

During the year, we advanced our ambition
to become more dynamic and agile, driven
by our purpose to deliver better everyday
health with humanity. As I reflect on

2023 and look to 2024 and beyond, Iam
confident about our ability to continue
building a business that creates value

for all our stakeholders.

Our strategy is delivering

In 2023, we delivered organic revenue
growth of 8.0% (reported 4.1%), and
adjusted operating profit growth of 10.4%
at constant currency (reported operating
profit +9.4%). Importantly, this was
underpinned by growth in both price

and volume, reflecting the quality and
resilience of our brands. Haleon continued
to drive consumer preference, with 58% of
our brands maintaining or growing market
share. We also maintained our attractive
financial profile, delivering free cash flow
of £1.6bn, enabling us to de-lever faster
than expected to 3.0x leverage as at

31 December 2023.

Strong delivery against
strategic pillars

Our four strategic pillars underpin our
growth ambitions. Highlights last
year included:

— Increasing household penetration,
with market share gains for many
of our category-leading brands.
Sensodyne performed well, as more
consumers sought the therapeutic
benefits of the brand's sensitivity
toothpastes. For example, Sensodyne
Sensitivity & Gum and Sensodyne
Pronamel Active Shield were named
as the top two innovations in the US
toothpaste market. Panadol also
performed well, boosted by
addressing specialist need states
such as migraine and body pain.

— Capitalising on new and emerging
opportunities, by innovating and
delivering our brands to more consumers
in more markets, and increasing channel
penetration. For example, we expanded
the Centrum global footprint by entering
new markets in Sweden, the Middle East
and Africa. Our e-commerce sales also
grew, increasing 17% over the year to
account for 10% of total sales globally.

~ Maintaining strong execution and
financial discipline, with operating
profit growing ahead of revenue
growth in 2023, delivering margin
expansion at constant currency and
positive operational leverage.

— Running a responsible business, with
the business making good progress
against its ethical standards,
environmental and health inclusivity
goals. During 2023, we empowered over
41m people to be more included in
opportunities for better everyday health.
We met our aim for producing 1bn
recycle-ready toothpaste tubes two
years ahead of schedule and were
recognised by the Dow Jones
Sustainability Index Europe 2023.

We also progressed our Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion (DEI) ambitions,
including the launch of our diverse
talent programme.

Building a more agile and

dynamic business

We are focused on ensuring that Haleon
is best placed to deliver consistent
outperformance over the long-term. As an
independent company, we have a unique
opportunity to re-evaluate how the
business operates, ensuring we deliver

as effectively and efficiently as possible.

‘Our three-year productivity programme
is on track, delivering efficiencies and
greater agility, while supporting continued
investment. The programme is expected
to result in gross annualised cost savings
of c.£300m, largely in 2024 and 2025, with
around one third of the benefit expected
in 2024 and the remainder in 2025.

We also continue to actively manage our
portfolio, exploring opportunities for
divestments and bolt-on acquisitions that
offer strategic and commercial benefits.

Recent examples include the completion
of the Lamisil disposal in October 2023
and the disposal of ChapStick announced
in January 2024. These divestments
allow us to reduce complexity and

focus on higher growth brands, while
providing optionality in capital allocation,
consistent with the allocation of £500m
for share buybacks in 2024, announced
with full-year results.

Changes to our leadership team
During the year, we continued to

build our Executive Team to ensure the
right mix of capabilities and experience to
drive Haleon's future growth and success.
Namrata Patel was appointed as Chief
Supply Chain Officer, together with

Ed Petter as Chief Corporate Affairs
Officer, and Bjérn Timelin as Head of
Strategy. Each bring strong leadership
credentials and experience with global
consumer-facing companies.

Confidence in delivering

on growth ambitions

Iam confident in the strength of our
business and brand portfolio and
remain committed to our medium-term
growth targets. During 2024, we expect
to deliver organic revenue growth of
4-6% and organic profit growth ahead
of revenue growth. Together with our
focus on continued strong cash
generation and effective capital
allocation, we expect to drive value and
attractive returns for our shareholders.

Thank you

I'd like to thank all Haleon employees
for their enormous contribution during

a period of significant transformation.
I'm incredibly proud to work with such

a talented and dedicated global team.
On behalf of the Executive Team, I'd also
like to thank the Board for their ongoing
support and guidance.

Chief Executive Officer's review

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023 5

/

‘Industry overview and
competitive landscape

it

LJ

Pain

Management

The global consumer healthcare market is one of the largest,
most resilient and fastest-growing segments across the consumer
staples space, reaching £190bn! in global value.

The definition of consumer healthcare
varies across competitors and industry
data sources. We define it as consisting

of Oral Health, VMS and OTC. The US is the
largest market, representing over 25%! of
the total market, with emerging markets,
notably China, India and Brazil, presenting
attractive penetration opportunities.

Brands differentiate through scientific
claims, innovation, premiumisation and
distinguished branding. The Oral Health
market is relatively consolidated with the
top five players making up nearly 65%?

of the market. Haleon is the third largest
competitor in this market with approximately
11%? market share, though is the number
one player in Therapeutic Oral Health with
c.50%? market share in this sub-category.
VMS, in contrast, is highly fragmented, with
the largest player having approximately
3%} market share. Haleon is amongst the
largest players though market definitions
can significantly vary to include, amongst
others, food and sports nutrition
alongside multivitamins.

The OTC category is distinct, defined
primarily by its regulated status. OTC
medicines are available in retail distribution
channels (including pharmacies) without
prescription. OTC comprises several
categories defined by specific consumer
needs, with competition at category level.
These include, amongst others, Respiratory
Health, Pain Relief, Digestive Health, Skin
Health and Smokers’ Health. Respiratory
Health is the category most impacted by
seasonal demand which is heightened
from October to January in North America
and Europe from elevated flu incidences,
which are typical during that period.

* Source: Nicholas Hall (2023) and Haleon analysis of,
third-party data,

Broader industry dynamics
Historically, large consumer health
businesses have existed as divisions
within a larger pharmaceutical group.
Haleon's history reflects this, having
been formed by the combination of
three consumer health businesses over
the last decade, and prior to its listing
in 2022, being part of GSK. There is an
increasing trend in the sector for parent
pharmaceutical companies to consider
improving shareholder value via a
demerger of consumer health divisions
In 2023, the former consumer health
division of Johnson & Johnson separated
to form a new listed consumer health
business, Kenvue. Additionally, Sanofi
announced in 2023 its intention to

separate its consumer health division via
the creation of a publicly listed company.
Other businesses in the sector include
Bayer, Church & Dwight, Colgate-Palmolive,
Nestle, Proctor & Gamble, Reckitt, and
Unilever, along with local players.

The overall consumer health industry is
highly competitive. Haleon has been able
to differentiate itself through its purpose,
driving innovation, supported by
investment in scientific and commercial
capabilities, technology and digital

>> See also our business model on page 8

Consumer healthcare market 2018-2022 (£bn)*

200
180
160
140
120 |
100
80 —_ —_
60
40
20
°
2018 = 2019 2020-2021

Oral Health
Ovms
© OTC (inc. Pain Relief,

Respiratory Health,
7 Digestive Health and Other)

2022

Strong global market share positions

£28bn Oral Care market
Peer 241 | —>
Peer 2 173

HALEON —#1in

Therapeutic

eS

peers [57] Oral Health
Peer 4 47

£100bn OTC market

Pert [59
Peer2 i 3a]
Pers [37]
Peer 4

6 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

The consumer health industry has attractive fundamentals. Understanding the
environment and influences upon it informs our strategy, which allows us to be prepared
for, and respond to, change in the market, and drive long-term stakeholder value.

Long-term market drivers of population growth and a growing middle class represent a strong growth driver for the consumer
health industry. At the same time, ageing populations and the rising costs of healthcare are putting pressure on global health systems.
Broad trends indicate a shift towards self-care with consumers taking a more active role in their health, supported by advances

in digital technologies. All of these point towards favourable dynamics for the consumer healthcare market. Notably, the industry

has been resilient despite challenges during the COVID-19 pandemic, along with macroeconomic and inflationary pressures.
However, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain, including geopolitical conflict leading to inflation, commodity and
input cost increases. Whilst some of the impacts are starting to dissipate, pressures on the consumer remain, including increased
cost of living. We indicate how Haleon is responding to these drivers in our strategy and market categories sections from page 12.

Global economic 2b L Population growth and rising wealth in emerging markets continues to fuel economic
shifts towards Npeople growth. The global population is expected to increase by almost 2bn people by
emerging markets | 2PProximate 2050, with the growth fastest in developing countries. China and India are expected to
increase in account for approximately half of the economic growth, with a total population close
global population _to 3bn, and c.40% of global consumer spending expected within the next 20 years.
by 2050 This represents a long-term growth driver for the consumer healthcare market, with
Source: WHO strong buying power driving increased per capita spend and usage in these economies.
Ageing 1.4b The proportion of people aged 60 years and over is expected to increase from 1bn
ante populations een in 2020 to 1.4bn by 2030, and to almost double to 2.1bn by 2050. Population
Share of ageing - which started in high-income countries (e.g. Japan where 30% of the
population population is over 60 years old), is now moving towards low- and middle-income
aged 60 years countries with two thirds of the global population who are 60 years and over
and over by 2030 —_ expected to live in low- and middle-income countries by 2050. This brings with
Source: WHO it an increased need for preventative care and self-care.
Consumerfocus 7Qo, Consumers are increasingly taking ownership of their health, adopting more holistic
on health and 0 and personalised approaches. McKinsey note a substantial increase in consumer
O wellness of consumers prioritisation of wellness over the past two-to-three years. This continues to evolve
believe wellness along with our understanding of how the climate change impacts human health,
is important which brings a broad spectrum of new and unanticipated healthcare needs and

Source: McKinsey

opportunities. The documented effects of climate degradation include infectious
diseases, respiratory ailments, as well as mental health and neurological issues.
This represents a sizeable growth opportunity for the healthcare industry.

Increasing
pressure on public
health systems

O+

Source: CHPA

$7.33

saved by US
healthcare system
for every $1 spent
on OTC medicine

OTC products in particular provide affordable and accessible healthcare options
for consumers and lower the overall costs to health systems. Globally, public health
systems are under pressure to meet increasing demand from patients against the
backdrop of financial constraint. In the US, consumer spend on OTC medicines

is estimated to save the US healthcare system $167bn from a combination of drug
cost savings and unneeded doctor visits.

ti) Sizeable unmet
tail) consumer needs

Sources: Deloitte's Centre for
Health Solutions; ond Global
U&A Refresh 2022 Clear

53%

of adults suffer
from gum problems
and over 60%
don't use a health
toothpaste

Targeted innovation across the consumer healthcare industry provides a means
to address emerging trends as well as premiumisation (where consumers switch
purchases to premium alternatives). In addition, emerging technologies can be
harnessed to allow consumers to directly manage their own health. Technology is
offering new options for education, coaching, engagement and patient support
to improve health outcomes. These trends are driving an important evolution in
preventative and self-care for consumers. In addition, advances in artificial
intelligence (AI) and digitalisation provide opportunities to drive greater
efficiencies in testing and innovation.

Our business environment

Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023,

Our business model

Haleon’s competitive advantage is derived from combining
deep human understanding with trusted science.

Key resources:

Employees | Raw Suppliers | Manufacturing | Sales & Advertising & | Research & . | Regulatory
materials capabilities | distribution | promotion _| development | expertise

& WW Ie iid [tp 8 |B

Our competitive strengths:

Deep human understanding Trusted science

We invest in a suite of proprietary assets to generate We leverage the technical and scientific expertise
deep human understanding to support brand innovation, that comes from our scientists with strong regulatory
and enhance our engagement with Health Professionals understanding, underpinned by clinical trials and

to help educate consumers. This includes dedicated extensive studies. During the year, we delivered 86
shopper research centres, consumer knowledge and publications supporting our expert engagement and
social listening data, all designed to generate and test product claims. We continue to invest in research
new insights and identify consumer needs. and development (R&D) to support our innovation.

4

Guided by our purpose, we:

Innovate Create meaningful Drive Health

and distinctive brands Professional advocacy
Through innovation, we address Our investment in advertising and We have direct and trusted relationships
unmet consumer needs and emerging promotion (A&P) activities such as with more than 3m Health Professionals,
trends, target products towards a + paid media, in-store promotions, + together with access to the largest

particular demographic and improve TV and print, coupled with a strong network of pharmacies in the world,

delivery mechanisms for existing focus on digital capabilities, has who recognise the strength and efficacy

products which drive consumer enhanced our brand equity with of our products which they recommend

preference for our products. brands consumers trust, thereby to consumers, bringing new users to our
empowering more people to self-care. brands and categories.

Our market categories:

--— Over-the-Counter (OTC) ee

r
Oral Health Vitamins, Minerals | | Pain Relief Respiratory | Digestive Health
and Supplements Health and Other

(VMs)

8 Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023, Strategic Report

Driving value - our financial model

Asustainable growth model

Our competitive strengths combined with our ability to innovate, build brands and drive expert advocacy creates a sustainable model.
for growth, and deliver attractive returns.

Reinvest in business
Focused reinvestment to drive
sustainable growth.

£336m’

Capital
expenditure:
(3.0% of revenue)

Delivering value
—
| Consumers

} |

: Employees

Organic Investing
: operating for growth

profit growth
ahead of High cash M&A
organic conversion
revenue | Shareholder
growth*? I returns

Pay down of debt Shareholder returns

Since demerger, we have reduced net
debt by over £2bn. We finished the
year with leverage of 3.0x net debt/
adjusted EBITDA (vs c.4x at point of
demerger in July 2022). We are now
targeting to operate with leverage of
around 2.5x net debt/adjusted EBITDA
over the medium term.

Haleon has a dividend policy that looks
to balance all its stakeholders’ interests
while ensuring the long-term success of
the Company. The Board has proposed a
final dividend of 4.2p, taking the total
2023 dividend to 6.0p, representing
approximately 35% of 2023 adjusted
earnings. (2022: 30%). Including this
dividend, Haleon will have returned
£0.8bn to shareholders since demerger,
and going forward, expects to grow its
ordinary dividend at least in line with
adjusted earnings. In addition, Haleon
will allocate £500m to share buybacks
during 2024.

Governments | Health

|
i regulators I

| andindustry | Professionals

| Investors | Suppliers

@

Se iy ®

| ey fa

>> See also our key stakeholders, 2023 Business review and approach to risk sections on pages 10, 34 and 53.

» Over the medium-term.
2 Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found from page 43.
2 Includes purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (PP&E) and intangible assets.

Our business model

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

proactive engagement wit!
stakeholders is fundamental to

Py
long-term performance and succg
rs

J

>>

Haleon has ongoing engagement
with its stakeholders at all levels of
the organisation, through a variety of
mechanisms. We value our stakeholder
interactions, the insights they give and
monitor outcomes.

Consumers

Engagement occurs predominantly at
senior leadership and operational level,
with the Board providing oversight.
Directors also engage with stakeholders
directly, principally with investors

and customers.

Customers

This section should be read in conjunction
with the ensuing pages, and also our

Board activities disclosure from page 68,
including our Section 172 statement and
communication with shareholders disclosure.

> Consumers want brands they
trust, that understand their
needs and care about the

> Our customers want safe, innovative and
accessible products that enable consumers
to improve their everyday health and which

heart of

Suppliers

> Suppliers value trust-based
relationships, underpinned
by responsible practices,
values and policies.

Maintaining healthy long-term
relationships with our suppliers
helps us protect business
continuity and achieve our
environmental ambitions.

—

Investors

D> Investors want sustainable
performance for long-term
shareholder value, strong
corporate governance and
commitment to the management
of responsible business issues

We are committed to creating
long-term sustainable growth
and attractive returns for both
our debt and equity investors
delivered through the
Group's strategy.

Key
> what matters to our stakeholders

D why they matter to Haleon

environment and society.
Our consumers are at the

We aim to provide products
that better meet their needs

everything we do.

products to consumers.

eS

Our ke
stakeholders

Q
co

Health Professionals
Health Professionals want
effective and safe products
supported by reliable scientific
information and responsible
sales and marketing practices.

Our engagement with Health
Professionals, such as doctors,
dentists and pharmacists,
drives performance through
recommendations and help us
understand long-term trends.

have sustainability at their heart.

Customers, such as mass market
pharmacies, drug stores and
e-commerce retailers, are central
to our business as they provide our

Employees
Employees want to be part of a
purpose led, inclusive company
where they can be themselves,
and are supported to thrive in
their careers.

‘Our employees ensure our
business operates effectively.

It's essential we attract and retain
the best people, and keep each
other safe, healthy and well.

Governments and industry

regulators

» Effective, safe and accessible
products help reduce the burden
of healthcare costs and increase
opportunities for innovation and
business investment.

Governments and industry
regulators set the legal and
regulatory environment in which
we operate. We work with them
to advance everyday health

and manage risks.

10 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023,

Strategic Report