Annual Report and Form 20

HAL=

F 2022

Haleon ple 13691224

@
PB
gz
i no
Su
B2
-e
fo}
oO

HALON

Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022
ccc |

Haleon plc 13691224

Hello.
We are Haleon.

We are a world-leading consumer health company with
a clear purpose to deliver better everyday health
with humanity.

Our leading brands, built on science, innovation and
deep human understanding, are trusted by millions
of consumers globally.

Advil
DUALACTION @&
‘-Acetaminephen

Packs shown are representative portfolio examples. Packaging will
vary by country for linguistic, legal and regulatory reasons.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information

Our key stakeholders Contents
Ey Strategic Report Consolidated Financial Statements
Consumers Haleon at a glance 2. Statement of Directors’
2022 highlights and achievements 4 responsibilities 108
Chair's statement 6 Independent Auditor's UK Report 109
TID Chief Executive Officer's review 7 Consolidated income statement 122
Lod Industry overview and Consolidated statement of
Customers competitive landscape 8 comprehensive income 123
Market drivers 9 Consolidated balance sheet 124
Our business model 10 Consolidated statement of
& Key performance indicators 12 changes of equity 125
iv] Stakeholder engagement 14 Consolidated cash flow statement 126
Employees Our culture and behaviours 16 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Our strategy 18 Statements 127
Progress against our strategy 19
yY Our people 26 Parent Company Financial
Task Force on Climate-related Statements
Governments and Financial Disclosures 28
industry regulators 2022 Business review 36 Parent Company balance sheet 188
Use of non-IFRS measures 46 Parent Company statement of
Our approach to risk 56 changes inequity 189
Viability statement 61 Notes to the Parent Company
& Statement of compliance 62 Financial Statements 190
Health Corporate Governance Other Information
Professionals
Our Board of Directors 64 Directors’ Report 196
Our Executive Team 66 Group information 201
Q Letter from the Chair 68 Shareholder information 219
Governance structure 69 Exhibits 224
Investors Board activities 70 Form 20-F cross-reference guide 226
Audit & Risk Committee Report 74 Forward-looking statements 228
Nominations & Governance Glossary 229
CE Committee Report 80 Useful information 230
Directors’ Remuneration Report 82 Contacts 231
Suppliers Directors’ Remuneration Policy 86
Annual Report on Remuneration 95
Compliance with the UK Corporate
>> See page 14 Governance Code 106
Our approach to reporting
Integrated reporting
In addition to our shares being listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE),
Haleon is a US foreign private issuer (FPI) with American Depositary Receipts
(ADRs) listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have produced a
combined Annual Report and Form 20-F to ensure consistency of information
Our cover to both UK and US investors. This Report contains disclosures required to
Thank you to our featured Haleon meet both regulatory regimes.
employees: Sophie, Stephanie, The Report also includes non-IFRS measures, which provide investors and
Bongve, Jose and Adefunke. other stakeholders with important additional information about the

Company's performance. Where used, they are indicated.

External websites/reports that are referred to in this Report are not incorporated into
and do not form part of this Report.

>> Relevant policies are available on our website www.haleon.com

Contents Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 1

Haleon at a glance

Haleon has a strong portfolio of brands and is well positioned
to play a vital role for people all around the world, in a sector
that is growing and more relevant than ever.

How we achieve
our growth
ambitions

We aim to outperform our competitors

with a strategy focused on driving sustainable
above-market growth and attractive returns,
leveraging our portfolio and capabilities.

World-class portfolio

We have leading positions
in five global market
categories: Oral Health;
Vitamins, Minerals and
Supplements (VMS);

Pain Relief; Respiratory
Health; and Digestive
Health and Other.

Attractive geographic
footprint
Our nine large-scale,

multinational Power 2022 revenue

Brands are complemented @ Developed

by a strong set of 23 markets 67%
© Emerginy

Local Growth Brands, pe 33%

which are iconic in

their own markets. Regional footprint

North America 38%
EMEA & LatAm 39%
APAC 23%

>> Seepage 3 >> See page 11

ane =
o-

Competitive
j capabilities
We use technical and
scientific talent, combined
| with data-driven consumer
insights and expert
engagement.

>> See page 10

>
bk “—

Strategy to
outperform
Our strategy is designed
to leverage our portfolio
and capabilities and has
four key pillars.

>> See page 18

Growth ambitions
Our aim is to deliver strong
performance and attractive
returns, underpinned by a
commitment to maintaining
a strong investment grade
balance sheet.

>> See pages 10 and 11.

Combination
of deep human
understanding
and trusted
science.

Maintain strong

execution and
Capitalise on new
and emerging
opportunities

Our strength is in our world-class portfolio of
brands, our attractive geographic footprint, and
our competitive capabilities of deep human
understanding and trusted science.

Consumer healthcare:
A£160bn+ market
The global consumer
healthcare market is

one of the largest, most
resilient and fastest-
growing across the
consumer staples sector.

>> See page 8

Strong brand
building,
innovation

and digital
capabilities
combined

with a leading
route-to-market.

Run a responsible
business

pore ee

Increase household r
1

penetrati 2 lL
ta
es
Sustainable High cash
4 - 6% moderate margin conversion*
(0) expansion*
annual organic
revenue growth*

e @

* Definitions and calculations of non-IFRS measures can be found on page 46.

2 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022

Strategic Report

Disciplined
capital allocation

©

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements Other Information

Our leading brands span five market categories.

Market categories

2022 Revenue

Example brands

Oral Health 27%
(o}

As one of the world’s largest providers

of oral health, our science-based

products are designed to fight against

everyday oral health problems.

SENSODYNE J parodontax

GED

Vitamins, Minerals and ‘0,
Supplements (VMS) 1 %
Our extensive range of vitamins,

minerals and supplements is designed

to improve people's everyday health

and wellness.

Centrum

_
Gon)

These three categories are collectively known as:

Over-the-Counter (OTC)

Pain Relief 2 A %
We have a portfolio of leading
brands to relieve pain and reduce

infl , helpi r O

manage theireveryday pain Wvoltaren

Respiratory Health _-“é—
15% | Otrivin ThiRaFLU

Our respiratory health brands offer
product solutions for a broad range
of respiratory issues, including cold
and flu, nasal congestion, coughs
andallergies.

Digestive Health and Other 19%
Our digestive health brands have a
strong heritage in treating heartburn

and gastric discomfort. Our product

offerings in this category also include

skin health and smokers’ health.

58%

(a)

&

Haleon at a glance

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 3

2022 highlights and achievements

Revenue

£10.9bn

(2021: £9.5bn)

Revenue growth

13.8%

(2021: (3.5)%)

Operating profit

£1.8bn

(2021: £1.6bn)

Adjusted operating profit*

£2.5bn

(2021: £2.2bn)

Organic revenue growth*

9.0%

(2021: 3.8%)

Operating profit margin Adjusted operating
profit margin*
16.8% 22.8%
(2021: 17.2%) (2021: 22.8%)
Diluted earnings Adjusted diluted earnings Final dividend per ordinary share
per share per share*

11.5p

(2021: 15.1p)

18.4p

(2021: 17.9p)

2.4p

Net cash inflow from operating

activities

£2.1bn

(2021: £1.4bn)

Free cash flow’

£1.6bn

(2021: £1.2bn)

+Non-IFRS measures

We use certain non-IFRS alternative performance measures to provide
additional information about the Company's performance. Non-IFRS measures
may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to,
information presented in accordance with IFRS.

>> Non-IFRS measures are defined and reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure on page 46

4 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022

Strategic Report

Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA*

3.6x

(as at 31 December 2022)

Strategie Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information

Hello Haleon |

On 18 July 2022, Haleon listed as an independent company
‘on the London and New York stock exchanges.

The biggest UK listing in a decade, this milestone was the
result of considerable effort, planning and collaboration
by our dedicated employees around the world.

|
|

Strong growth ‘ Increased channel penetration ; ' Successful innovation
( \ i
2 9 | 52
! 3 9 % i !
business gained or maintained share. | of total sales from e-commerce. | product launches including {
]

Note: Market share statements throughout this new products, line extensions
Annual Report and Form 20-F are estimates based >> See page 20 and upgrades. :
‘on the Group's analysis of third-party market dataof *
revenue for 2022, including IQVIA, IRI and Nielsen {
» data. Represents percentage of brand-market
| combinations gaining or maintaining share (this i
fl analysis covers > 85% of Haleon’s total revenue). 1

>> See page 19

>> See page 12 . '

. Enhanced
Commitment product
to health accessibility
inclusivity : In collaboration with
We supported the launch Microsoft Corp., we made

Haleon products more
accessible for blind and

visually impaired consumers
in the UK and the US through
the Microsoft Seeing Al app.

of the world’s first global
benchmark for measuring
health inclusivity, published
The Health in October 2022 by
Inctuswity Index Economist Impact.

>> See page 23 >> See page 23

ALTON

Solar energy
powered sites

We invested c.£9m ina
solar farm for Guayama,
Puerto Rico. In addition, we
set up a Power Purchase
Agreement for Oak Hill, US.

Launched
Global Parental
Leave Policy

We announced fully paid
26-week equal parental leave
for all permanent employees
globally regardless of
gender or sexuality, covering
biological birth, surrogacy
and adoption.

We now have installed
solar energy capacity at
12 of our 24 sites.

>> See page 27 >> See page 24

|

2022 highlights and achievements Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 5

Chair's statement

I'm pleased to present Haleon’s first

Annual Report and Form 20-F

In July 2022, Haleon successfully
demerged from GSK plc, completing a
multi-year journey to establish a world-
leading, standalone global consumer
health company. I'm honoured to serve
as Haleon’s first Chair and, along with
the newly established Board, am
committed to ensuring we deliver
superior value for all our stakeholders.

Acompelling investment
proposition

Haleon is an impressive business,

with a clear strategy to drive sustainable
above-market growth and attractive
shareholder returns. Our ability to deliver
consistently strong performance is driven
by deep consumer understanding and
investment in trusted science, coupled
with strong operational focus and
financial discipline.

Over the medium-term, the Board is
confident that Haleon can deliver annual
organic revenue growth of 4-6% while
achieving sustainable moderate Adjusted
operating margin expansion (at constant
currency) and strong cash generation.

We expect to reduce net debt/Adjusted
EBITDA down to less than 3x during 2024.

An experienced Board

One of my priorities as Designate Chair
ahead of the demerger was to appoint
Haleon's first Board of Directors and I'm
delighted with the strength and calibre
of the exceptionally talented and diverse
Board we now have in place. Together,
we have over 250 years of executive
experience across ¢.30 listed companies,
and over 70 years of non-executive
experience across ¢.20 listed companies.
We have two Pfizer Inc. non-independent
board members, Bryan Supran and David
Denton (who replaced John Young from
1 March 2023) and, with the appointment
of Marie-Anne Aymerich and Asmita
Dubey to our Board, introduced two

new non-executive directors to the FTSE.

6 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022

Alongside significant experience in
governance and the global consumer
sector, in selecting the Board we looked
for specific skills to support and
constructively challenge the Executive
Team. This included a mix of skills across
capital markets, digital, innovation and
brand building in a Fast Moving Consumer
Goods (FMCG) context, as well as first-
hand experience of operating in the US,
China, Asia and Europe.

>> See the skill set and diversity of our Board
on page 64.

Building robust corporate
governance

The Board is committed to ensuring

that Haleon continues to build robust
corporate governance. We have taken
some important initial steps to achieve
this. First, each member of the newly
formed Board undertook a comprehensive
induction on being appointed. As well as
a deep-dive into Haleon, its strategy and
operating model, the induction covered
directors’ duties, regulations, and Haleon’s
Code of Conduct, which all members of
the Board are subject to.

Secondly, we established the necessary
Board committees ahead of demerger,
in accordance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code.

Finally, we ensured that Haleon's internal
and external operational governance
links directly to Board-level governance,
enabling rapid escalation and visibility.
This includes a focus on key performance
indicators, principal risks and quality
requirements, internal employee training
and the use of responsibility scorecards
to promote the right behaviours.

>> See our Corporate Governance Report
from page 63.

Strategic Report

Sir Dave Lewis
Chair

Priorities for 2023 and beyond
In what will be our first full calendar year
asa standalone business, the Board's
agenda will focus on three key areas:

— Constructively supporting and
challenging the Executive Team to
allow for the successful delivery
of Haleon’s strategy.

— Continuing to embed the new
Haleon corporate capabilities.

— Shaping Haleon’s medium- and
long-term strategic vision as we look
to solidify Haleon’s position as a
leading consumer health company.

In addition, the Board will continue to
have a relentless focus on instilling best
practice corporate governance and
providing guidance to the Executive
Team as they navigate the uncertain
macroeconomic environment.

Dividend

Consistent with our previous guidance,
the Board has declared a final full year
2022 dividend of 2.4p per ordinary share,
which represents approximately 30% of
Adjusted earnings for the period since
listing. In line with our capital allocation
priorities to invest for growth, strengthen
the balance sheet, explore acquisitions
and return surplus capital to shareholders,
our current intention is to maintain our
Pay-out ratio around the current level,
subject to Board approval.

Thank you

Finally, the Board would like to thank
Brian McNamara, the Executive Team

and all employees across the company for
their hard work over the last 12 months.

A demerger is a significant undertaking
and Haleon has executed it successfully,
steering through the challenges we have
all felt across the world whilst delivering
consistently strong results.

Strategie Report Corporate Governance

Financial Statements Other Information

Chief Executive Officer's review

Amilestone year

It has been an extraordinary 12 months
for Haleon. We created our own identity,
demerged from GSK ple, listed on the
London and New York stock exchanges and
began trading as one of the world’s largest
standalone consumer health companies.

It was a time to reflect with pride on
the business that we have carefully
and purposefully built over many years.
For me, it was also a personal highlight
of my 18-year career in this industry,
the last five leading this business.

Itis a testament to the transformational
work we undertook that Haleon now has
strong foundations and an exceptional
portfolio of brands, built around deep
human understanding, trusted science and
innovation, all of which we are confident
will help create value for our stakeholders.

With a strong purpose of delivering better
everyday health with humanity at our core,
Hateon is primed and ready for the next
stage of its remarkable journey.

Our Executive Team

I'm proud to lead an Executive Team that
brings a wealth of relevant experience in

consumer health and FMCG from some of
the world’s leading companies.

Our collective strength, relentless focus on
growth and insight into the trends shaping
the consumer landscape will be key drivers
of our performance and ability to deliver
on our purpose.

Strong performance against a
challenging backdrop

In what continues to be a challenging
macroeconomic environment, Haleon has
shown its strength. For 2022, we reported
strong revenue growth of 13.8% and
organic revenue growth of 9.0%, driven by
a combination of volume and price growth.
This reflected the quality of our portfolio,
successful innovation and excellent
execution in market.

High inflation and increased living costs
mean our consumers continue to face
difficult decisions. Against this backdrop,

Chief Executive Officer's review

Haleon has demonstrated agility; taking
decisive action to adapt across our
markets and categories, to ensure
consumers can rely on the products
they know and trust.

In 2023 and beyond, our unrelenting focus
will remain on delivering great products
and innovations that have real impact

for consumers.

Delivering our growth ambitions
We remain focused on delivering our
medium-term guidance of 4-6% annual
organic revenue growth and are committed
to our capital allocation priorities. 2023
will be no exception, driven by the quality
of our brand portfolio, continued
investment in our brands, and disciplined
execution of our strategy to:

— Increase household penetration
of our products.

— Capitalise on new and emerging
opportunities across channels and
geographies, and expanding our portfolio.

— Maintain a strong focus on both
execution and financial discipline.

— Runa responsible business.

Haleon has leading positions in each of
its five categories (see page 3). Our strong
relationships with stakeholders, including
consumers, customers, and Health
Professionals, means we can capitalise on
the opportunity ahead, which includes a
growing global focus on health and
wellness, an ageing population, an
emerging middle class and sizeable
unmet consumer needs as public

health authorities face increasing
pressure (see page 9).

Our impact

Asa leading global player in consumer
health, we are well positioned to
recognise and understand the social
and environmental barriers that hold
people back from achieving better
everyday health, and to empower and
support them to take charge of their
health and wellbeing. This lies behind
our commitment to make everyday
health more inclusive.

Brian McNamara
Chief Executive Officer

Working together with other organisations,
we are also focused on reducing our
environmental impact and doing business
responsibly. Our commitments and goals
in this area (see pages 22 to 25), drive us to
not only meet the everyday health needs
of people in new and better ways, but to
develop innovations that are meaningful,
relevant and impactful.

Evolution into an agile consumer
health organisation

Looking ahead to the next phase of
Haleon’s journey, the Executive Team is
more excited than ever about our future.
As we worked towards our demerger
from GSK, our focus was rightly on
ensuring continuity for the business.
Now fully running as an independent
company, we will be taking advantages
of opportunities to evolve and drive a
more agile, productive and effective
organisation. This includes:

— Increasing agility and productivity:
We have identified opportunities
to optimise existing processes and
structures to become more agile.

This will result in annualised gross
cost savings of £300m over the next
three years.

— Driving growth across our portfolio of
brands and structural growth categories:
We will invest behind identified
opportunities and will be proactive in
managing our portfolio. At the same
time, we will be rigorous and disciplined
where there are opportunities for
bolt-on acquisitions and divestments.

Thank you

Our achievements in 2022 would not have
been possible without the dedication and
commitment of all our employees globally.
Throughout the demerger and beyond,
their focus on delivering for customers and
consumers was unwavering, and for that

l offer my sincere thanks. I also want to
personally thank our Chair, Sir Dave Lewis,
and the Board for their invaluable support
during Haleon's first year as a standalone
company and for recognising its potential.

Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 7

Industry overview and competitive landscape

The global consumer healthcare market is one of the largest, most
resilient and fastest-growing segments across the consumer staples
space, reaching £160bn+ in global value in 2022.

The definition of consumer healthcare
varies across competitors and industry
data sources. We define it as consisting

of Oral Health, VMS and Over-the-Counter
(OTC). The US is the largest market

making up ¢.27% of the total market

with emerging markets, notably China

and India, presenting attractive
penetration opportunities.

The market is fragmented and highly
competitive. Brands differentiate through
scientific claims, innovation, premiumisation
and distinguished branding.

The OTC category is distinct, defined
primarily by its regulatory status.

OTC medicines are available in retail
distribution channels (including
pharmacies) without prescription.

OTC comprises several categories
defined by specific consumer needs

with competition at category level.

This includes, amongst others,
respiratory health, pain relief, digestive,
skin and smokers’ health. Respiratory
Health is Haleon's only category typically
driven by seasonal demand, which has
been impacted by COVID-19.

Formation of Haleon

Haleon is the result of the combination of
three consumer health businesses over the
last decade. The focus of the business has
been sharpened through divestment of
growth-dilutive brands and those outside
of our core categories. In addition, the
scientific and consumer products
experience of its legacy businesses has
been enhanced by investment in

Consumer healthcare market 2017-2021 (ébn)

180
160
140
1
u

65

°

2017 2018 2019 2020

0
10
80
60
40
0

@ OTC (inc. Pain Relief,
Respiratory Health,
Digestive Health and Other)

e@vms

@ Oral Health

Source: Group analysis of
third party market data

2021

Global consumer health (retail value share 2021)

@ Haleon
383
@ Bayer
@ Sanofi
@ Reckitt

@ PAG

Source: Euromonitor

commercial and scientific capabilities,
technologies and facilities, most notably in
the digital sphere.

In July 2022, Haleon demerged from GSK
creating a company with management,
infrastructure, capital allocation and
incentives focused specifically on
consumer health.

2012 © 2015 ¢ 2018 Joint Venture
Exit of non-strategic Joint Venture Fullbuyout Formation:
oTc Formation: of Novartis Pfizer Consumer
° Novartis from JV Healthcare
Consumer 2
Healthcare

GSK ownership

6% © Amway 2%
4% © Nestlé 1%
3% © By-health 1%
3%  @ Herbalife 1%
2% — @ Private Label 6%
2% © Others 69%

The Group has a strong and established
presence in all key channels relevant

for consumer health and a scale which
allows it to effectively engage with retail
partners of all sizes, buying groups,
distributors, pharmacy chains and
individual pharmacies.

>> See page 201.

¢ 2022
: HALEON

} Demerger from GSK and
independent listing

: 2013
i Divest
@ Exit of beverages

8 Hateon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022

ificant divestment programme
osal of 50 non-strategic

growth-dilutive assets

Strategic Report

Strategie Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information

Market drivers

Understanding the multiple influences on our business
enables us to be prepared for and respond quickly to
change, and to create value for the long-term.

invasion of Ukraine. This has resulted

in inflation, commodity and input cost
increases, as well as the cost of living,
and disrupted supply chains.

At the same time, ageing populations and
the rising cost of healthcare are putting
pressure on health systems.

Long-term market drivers indicate

a shift towards more self-care with
consumers taking a more active role

in their health, supported by advances
in digital technologies. The macroeconomic environment remains

volatile, including pressures from Russia's

The pandemic accelerated an already increasing trend of consumers actively managing their personal healthcare.
Recent customer research found that 42% of consumers try to make wellness a priority in their day-to-day life, and
79% think wellness is important. 71% of those consumers place a higher priority on their health than they did two to
three years ago, and 70% anticipate health growing in their list of priorities. This represents an important driver in
the growth of self-care and underpins favourable trends for the sector.

Increased
consumer
focus on health
and wellness

The proportion of people aged 65 years and over is expected to increase from 9.3% of the global population in
2020 to 16%, or approximately one in six people globally, in 2050. This change in demographics brings with it
increased need for self-care and preventative care.

Ageing
populations

‘The emerging middle class in higher-growth economies has been a long-term growth driver for the consumer *
healthcare market as greater buying power has led to greater per capita usage. Emerging and higher-growth
economies continue to represent a sizeable growth opportunity for the industry.

Emerging
middle class

Pressures on public health had already been fising before COVID-19. In the US, every $1 spent on OTC saves $7

for a total of >$100bn on the public healthcare systems’. In 2018, global spending on health reached $8.3 trillion,
growing slightly below GDP for the first time in five years‘. COVID-19 has had a significant adverse impact on health
systems globally, and the aftermath of the pandemic may be accompanied by a potentially deep global economic
crisis which could have a long-lasting impact on future health financing‘. OTC products in particular provide
affordable and accessible healthcare options for consumers and lowers the overall costs to health systems.

Increasing
pressure on
public health
systems

Competition in the consumer healthcare market is partly driven by innovation designed to meet unmet consumer
needs. There is opportunity for further growth through targeted innovation to address emerging trends as well as
premiumisation (where consumers switch their purchases to premium alternatives), increased consumer interest in

| personalised products, and emerging technologies that allow consumers to more directly manage their own health.

Sizeable unmet
consumer
needs

How we are responding

Our strategy is built around addressing
these key drivers. It aims to meet the
growing demand for self-care and
recognises the opportunity to serve the
unmet needs of consumers. We do this by
increasing condition awareness, building
brand relevance, innovation and
capitalising on new trends.

By raising condition awareness among
consumers, we can empower them to stay
well or treat their symptoms and help to
reduce demand on public healthcare.

Our deep human understanding helps

us to encourage people to change their
health behaviours through campaigns and
activations. This requires understanding of
the person beyond the condition and into
how they live their lives. Voltaren’s ‘More
Than Movement’ campaign illustrates how

we inspire people to a better quality

of life by connecting them to the joys of
movement. We also work with Health
Professionals to support consumers with
everyday health needs, providing tool