Consolidated income statement 121 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 122 Consolidated balance sheet 123 Consolidated statement of changes in equity 124 Consolidated cash flow statement 126 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 127 Other Information Directors’ Report 175 Group information 179 Shareholder information 193 Exhibits 197 Form 20-F cross reference 199 Climate and disclosures cross reference 202 statements 204 Use of measures 205 Glossary 211 Useful information 212 What’s inside Contents We deliver better everyday health with humanity — combining trusted science, consumer insight, and global expertise. Our purpose drives sustainable growth by improving health outcomes, expanding access, and building confidence in self care, ensuring our brands make a measurable difference in people’s lives around the world. haleon.com/investors Our approach to reporting Integrated reporting In addition to our shares being listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE), Haleon is a foreign private issuer (FPI) with American Depositary Shares (ADSs) listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have produced a combined Annual Report and Form 20-F to ensure consistency of information for both UK and US investors. This Report contains disclosures required to meet both regulatory regimes. The Report also includes measures, which we believe provide investors and other stakeholders with important additional information about the Company’s performance. Where used, they are indicated. External websites and/or reports that are referred to in this Report are not incorporated into and do not form part of this Report. Relevant policies are available on our website www.haleon.com/ /Governance/ Our key stakeholders Consumers Customers Employees Investors Health Professionals Suppliers Governments and industry regulators Portfolio of leading brands in resilient categories Haleon at a glance A consumer company focused on better everyday health Six market categories Oral Health Vitamins, Minerals & Supplements (VMS) Pain Relief Respiratory Health Digestive Health Therapeutic Skin Health & Other Key superior brands Category size/ Haleon position1 £30bn/#13 £66bn/#1 £20bn/#1 £32bn/#2 £20bn/#1 £34bn/#34 Combined category growth at 3–4%5 1. Global Data £MSP 2024 (‘Oralcare’, mapping to Oral Health). Nicholas Hall £MSP 2024 (VMS; ‘Analgesics’ mapping to Pain Relief; ‘Cough Cold & Allergy’ plus ‘Smoking Control’ mapping to Respiratory Health; ‘Gastrointestinals’ mapping to Digestive Health; and ‘Dermatologicals’ plus ‘Lifestyle CHC’ (excluding ‘Smoking Control’) mapping to Therapeutic Skin Health & Other). 2024 is the latest date to which data is available for the consumer healthcare market as a whole, beyond our individual categories. 2. measures are defined and reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure, see from page 205 for more details. 3. Relates to Therapeutic Oral Health only, from: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (2024). Data set based on Haleon global category standards. Haleon is #3 across the entire Oral Health category. 4. Relates to Therapeutic Skin Health only, mapped to the Nicholas Hall ‘Dermatologicals’ category alone. Haleon is #5 across the entire Therapeutic Skin Health & Other category. 5. Haleon’s analysis of market data including IQVIA, Circana, NIQ et al (2024). Data set based on Haleon global category standards. Three key drivers of value creation: to unlock our full potential2 c.£200bn1 Market size 6 Global categories £11bn Revenue 4–6% organic revenue growth over the medium term Adjusted operating profit of high growth at constant currency Strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital allocation Our purpose: to deliver better everyday health with humanity Our strategy: our Win as One strategy is how we will realise our ambitions Find out more about our strategy from page 6 Strong EPS growthgenerating shareholder returns 1 Strategic Report Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance 2025 highlights Continued strong performance Reported financial measures measures1 measures Revenue £11.0bn 2024: £11.2bn Revenue growth (1.8)% 2024: (0.6)% Operating profit £2.4bn 2024: £2.2bn Operating profit growth 9.3% 2024: 10.5% Operating profit margin 21.9% 2024: 19.6% Net cash inflow from operating activities £2.6bn 2024: £2.3bn Total borrowings/ profit after tax 5.1x (2024: 6.9x) Diluted earnings per share 18.5p 2024: 15.7p Total dividend per ordinary share2 7.1p 2024: 6.6p Organic revenue growth 3.0% 2024: 5.0% Adjusted operating profit £2.5bn 2024: £2.5bn Organic operating profit growth 10.5% 2024: 9.8% Adjusted operating profit margin 22.9% 2024: 22.3% Free cash flow £1.9bn 2024: £1.9bn Net debt/adjusted EBITDA 2.6x 2.8x at 31 December 2024 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 18.8p 2024: 17.9p 55% reduction in net Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions vs the 2020 baseline 9% reduction of virgin plastic 46.3% gender representation in leadership roles3 74m+ people empowered to be more included in opportunities for better everyday health 1. We use certain measures to provide additional information about the Company’s performance and position. measures may be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. measures are defined and reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure, see from page 205 for more details. 2. Includes the interim dividend of 2.2p paid on 18 September 2025, and the proposed final dividend of 4.9p per ordinary share. The total dividend represents a payout ratio of approximately 38% of adjusted earnings (2024: approximately 37%). 3. This does not include the US and Puerto Rico. 2 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Chair’s statement Vindi Banga Chair For more information about our 2025 results use the QR code It was a privilege to be appointed Chair from 1 January 2026. Since then, I have been focused on supporting Brian and the Haleon Executive Team on our strategy, and positioning Haleon for the long term. 2025: Good progress in a challenging market Haleon delivered a competitive performance in 2025, outperforming our global categories in a challenging market. Against this backdrop, we improved our gross margin significantly through the ongoing transformation of our supply chain, allowing us to invest in strengthening our brands while delivering higher profits. Governance Following my appointment as Chair, Alan Stewart was appointed as Senior Independent Director from 1 January 2026. Bláthnaid Bergin, Chief Financial Officer of J Sainsbury plc and Matt Shattock, a highly experienced consumer sector leader were appointed to the Board in February and June 2025 respectively, adding to the collective experience and strength of the Board. The Board travelled to our global (OTC) R&D and manufacturing centre in Nyon, Switzerland and to our largest market, the US. These visits, as well as our regular interactions with colleagues across the business, provide valuable insights. We continue to uphold the highest standard of ethics and regulatory compliance ensuring transparency and accountability in all we do. We also reaffirmed our commitment to delivering better everyday health with humanity through our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Report, which is an integral part of our Win as One strategy. In 2025, we achieved all the Responsible Business goals we set at listing, including empowering 50m people annually to access improved everyday health. We have now set an ambitious goal of providing opportunities for over 300m people a year to take more control of their health by 2030. Focus for 2026 The Board has the following priorities for this year. — Driving our growth, productivity and culture change agenda, including the implementation of our new operating model. — Supporting our value creation framework through disciplined capital allocation to deliver our ambition of generating shareholder returns. — Building our capabilities in innovation, marketing, R&D, information, data analytics and customer excellence to that of a business. — Maintaining strong corporate governance and upholding robust ethical standards. My Board and I will work closely with the Executive Team to support Haleon’s continuing evolution, and drive performance and shareholder returns through the delivery of our strategy. Thank you I would like to thank Sir Dave Lewis for his contribution as Chair since listing, as well as Brian and the Executive Team for their commitment and hard work in 2025. Win as One In May, we launched our new Win as One strategy, a bold and ambitious plan to unlock our full potential. We are focused on delivering three strategic priorities: delivering consistent growth, unlocking productivity gains and embedding an agile, performance-focused culture. In January 2026, we announced our new operating model, which will enable us to drive growth and agility in support of our new strategy. This will enable better investment choices, superior execution and enhanced marketing and capabilities. Disciplined capital allocation and dividend The final Pfizer in March 2025 was an important milestone for us as a standalone business and reflects our significant progress since listing. We have delevered to 2.6x net debt / adjusted EBITDA, enabling us to return substantial value to our shareholders. In 2025, we returned a total of £1.1bn through dividends and buyback. Our strategic position in China, our market and a key source of growth, was advanced through the acquisition of the remaining 12% stake in our TSKF joint venture. We remain focused on acquisitions that complement our existing portfolio, with a strong strategic fit and attractive financials. The Board is proposing a total dividend of 7.1p per ordinary share which represents a payout ratio of approximately 38% of 2025 adjusted earnings. This includes a final dividend of 4.9p per ordinary share. A year of good progress We are focused on delivering our three key priorities in support of our Win as One strategy. 3 Strategic Report Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance This page intentionally left blank 4 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Chief Executive Officer’s review Transforming into a consumer company 2025 was an important year for Haleon. We made good progress against our three strategic priorities: delivering competitive growth in a challenging environment; unlocking productivity gains and embedding an agile; performance-focused culture. Financial highlights Organic revenue grew 3.0% (reported (1.8)%) and 60% of our brands grew or maintained market share. We continued to drive productivity, with adjusted gross profit margin up 220bps at constant currency (reported 350bps), which provided capacity for healthy investment in the business. This resulted in organic operating profit growth of 10.5% (reported 9.3%). Adjusted operating profit margin increased 160bps on an organic basis and 60bps on an actual exchange rate basis (reported 230bps). Free cash flow for the year was strong, and we invested in markets such as China, where we acquired the remaining stake in our TSKF joint venture to take us to full ownership. Productivity We aim to unlock £800m in gross supply chain savings over the next five years through optimising our supply chain, allowing us to deliver operating leverage more consistently to the bottom line. Progress includes: — Tracking well against our targets to reduce SKUs, packaging and formulations by around 30%. — Increasing our of ingredients to around 90% and lower logistics costs from optimising shipments, ports and global leverage. Further efficiencies will flow from globalised engineering, technical platforms and an innovation supply chain. Culture We are transforming Haleon into a consumer company, with an agile, performance-focused culture. Progress includes: — Employee engagement reached 82% in our latest annual engagement survey. — In January 2026, we announced plans to evolve our operating model to drive growth and agility in support of our Win as One ambitions. This included creating a new Chief Growth Officer role to lead our growth and innovation agenda alongside the creation of six new Operating Units, which all sit on the Haleon Executive Team, bringing the voice of consumers deeper into strategic decision making. Strengthening our leadership In May 2025, we welcomed Nathalie Gerschtein as our new President, North America, who brings over two decades of experience across the retail, FMCG and beauty industries. Carl Haney also joined as our new Chief R&D Officer in August 2025, bringing expertise in driving transformative innovation within global consumer businesses. Introducing our Win as One strategy Haleon operates in an attractive and highly relevant global consumer health sector worth around £200bn1 today. We are well positioned to benefit from favourable macro trends including the global focus on health and wellness, ageing populations, and a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. This year, we launched our Win as One strategy, which will enable us to unlock our full potential. It will support our ambitions to reach one billion more consumers by 2030 and deliver shareholder returns. Read more on page 6. Growth Leveraging our global footprint, scaling our innovations and capitalising on the strength and breadth of our superior brands, will enable us to deliver health in more hands. We are focused on three key opportunities: — Closing the incidence vs treatment gap: In Gum Health, parodontax has become one of our innovations across China’s largest three cities and is now in over 10,000 stores. We continue to roll out Sensodyne’s Clinical range which is fuelling growth among younger consumers. — premiumisation: In North America, we launched our new nasal mist technology under the Theraflu brand following its success with Otrivin, which is driving strong market gains. In VMS, the expansion of Centrum Daily Kits across has delivered market share gains with over one million packs sold since launch. — Reaching consumers: We more than doubled rural India distribution to 600,000 outlets, boosting 20-Rupee Sensodyne consumption, expanding ENO 3- reach and launching 10-Rupee Centrum Recharge. Brian McNamara Chief Executive Officer As part of our announcement to evolve our operating model in January 2026, Filippo Lanzi became Chief Growth Officer, and Björn Timelin became Chief Transformation Officer. Jon Workman was appointed President, Europe and Özlem Kaynak was named as President, Middle East & Africa. We also welcomed two new external leaders. Andrés González joined as President, Latin America from Unilever, where he was most recently President Beauty & Wellbeing LatAm and President, Unilever Brazil. Kedar Lele joined as President, India Subcontinent from Castrol India Ltd, where he was most recently Managing Director for Castrol India’s South Asia business. Thank you to Lisa Paley and Franck Riot, who left the business in 2025, for their significant contributions to Haleon. 2026 outlook The opportunity ahead for Haleon is significant and I remain confident in our ability to deliver on our guidance. In 2026, we expect organic revenue growth of 3–5% and high adjusted operating profit growth at constant currency. Thank you I would like to thank Sir Dave Lewis for the instrumental role he played as Haleon’s Chair since our listing in July 2022, and for his support to me and my Executive Team. I look forward to working closely with Vindi Banga, our new Chair, in the year ahead. Vindi has an extensive track record in global consumer businesses and extensive international Board experience. Finally, I would like to thank the Board and everyone at Haleon for their hard work and commitment to the business. Win as One 1. Nicholas Hall, Euromonitor Passport and Haleon analysis of data, the latest available data for the Consumer Healthcare market as a whole, beyond our individual categories. 5 Strategic Report Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Our strategy We are making good progress to transform Haleon into a consumer company. Our Win as One strategy is all about raising our ambitions and unlocking our full potential. It is how we are mobilising and driving the organisation forward, to capture the opportunities we see ahead. Our strategy consists of mutually reinforcing elements: our purpose, two ambitions, four strategic drivers and four behaviours. 1. Health in more hands Help many more people solve more of their everyday health needs This is about unlocking significant headroom within our categories. It is about driving penetration, closing the incidence vs treatment gap, delivering premiumisation, and expanding reach among segments, including consumers. It is also about driving geographic expansion and new occasions. 2. Superior brands Build superior brands – trusted and preferred by consumers, customers and experts This is about leveraging our category footprint, scaling our innovations, capitalising on the strength and breadth of our brand portfolio, and driving expert advocacy and recommendation. We are also developing superior innovation and claims backed by scientific evidence, delighting consumers with pack and sensorial attributes, and ensuring brilliant execution to be first choice at shelf. 3. Wired for excellence Create capability advantage across the value chain – powered by data, digital and analytics, and operational excellence We are driving efficiency and productivity across the entire value chain. This includes reducing unnecessary complexity and inefficiency in our supply chain – radically simplifying our current portfolio and evolving our manufacturing footprint. We are also driving innovation, and customer and shopper excellence. 4. Full potential people Unleash the full potential of our people to be at their best We do this by unlocking the potential of our people to deliver on our ambitions and cultivating a culture that gives us a genuine competitive advantage. We are simplifying our processes, uplifting capability and driving a culture shift to become a more agile, performance-focused company. This includes streamlining our operating model and continuing to expand our business services footprint to support our growth and productivity agenda. Our strategy: Win as One We have defined two ambitions Reach 1bn more consumers by 2030 We are proud of the impact we have on people around the world. Haleon helps 1.4bn consumers1 globally to look after their everyday health and by 2030 we aim to serve a billion more. Generate shareholder returns We will create value for shareholders and generate shareholder returns by driving continued growth, capturing significant gross profit margin opportunity and continuing to transform into a more agile and performance-focused consumer company. We will deliver our ambitions through four strategic drivers Strategic drivers Health in more hands Superior brands Wired for excellence Full potential people Reach 1bn more consumers by 2030 Generate industry leading shareholder returns Deliver better everyday health with humanity Our behaviours Consumer first, always Collaborate for impact Unlock value, at pace Grow myself and others Our purpose Our purpose is to deliver better everyday health with humanity. This is the impact we want to create for our consumers around the world. 1. Reach modelling study 2025, conducted by Europanel (a joint venture between Numerator UK Ltd and YouGov GMBh). 6 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 We are focused on addressing the social and environmental barriers that hold people back from better everyday health. For us this includes: empowering people to take charge of their health, minimising our impact on the environment, and upholding high standards across our value chain. Our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability strategy is woven into every element of our strategy and is at the heart of everything we do To Win as One, we have embedded four behaviours Our competitive strengths will help us unlock our ambitions 1. Consumer first, always Understand the consumer and take action to meet their needs; make decisions; and prioritise solutions that benefit consumers. 2. Collaborate for impact Build relationships to deliver our purpose and ambitions; seek diverse views to test thinking; and constructively challenge for better outcomes. 3. Unlock value at pace Effectively use data to shape stretching goals; relentlessly focus on creating shareholder value; and have a bias for action – fast decisions, execute, learn and improve. 4. Grow myself and others Our employees own their own growth and performance, have candid conversations and energise and inspire others for resilience and potential The Board and Executive Team review updates on strategy evolution and performance throughout the year. See also our approach to health inclusivity and sustainability, key performance indicators, 2025 finance review, approach to risk, and Board activities’ sections, on pages 15, 40, 42, 50 and 65. Consumer first We focus on understanding the consumer and prioritising solutions that meet their health needs. This helps us to develop innovation and communication, and to enhance our engagement with Health Professionals who help educate consumers. There is a huge opportunity to create products that improve people’s quality of life, not just treat their health needs. Trusted science We leverage the technical and scientific expertise of our scientists, and are investing c. £200m in a new R&D facility. Our regulatory excellence is world class, and we continue to advance this to shape the future of healthcare policy and regulation, innovate with new digital solutions, and actively support product licences. Science is at the heart of our brands, and we are going to continue investing here, but in new digital ways. In addition to our clinical studies, we are expanding the use of ‘ studies’ to provide robust insight into both usage and benefits of products for our consumers. Pharmacy channel expertise Pharmacies are considered a first point of care for consumers. Our geographic footprint and extensive sales force give us strong reach in this channel, where recommendation of trusted health products matters. We have direct relationships with pharmacists, anchored in: offering shopper experience through a variety of tools and solutions; leading category growth via our execution programmes; and educating and partnering with pharmacists to best engage with their customers, enriched with digital capabilities. 7 Strategic Report Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Market drivers Consumer Health is an attractive, evolving sector supported by macro trends Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing Global population growth is driven by Asia and Middle East and Africa, with India having overtaken China in population size. urbanisation and expansion, and income polarisation, are driving . Geopolitical risks, tariffs and currency fluctuations also impact affordability and supply chains. Chronic conditions are becoming more common, driven by ageing populations, and environmental and behavioural factors. Online channels are becoming a key source of health information and health specialists are still influencing purchasing decisions1 . Demand is also increasing for holistic health solutions1 , digital tools, ingredient transparency, efficacy and credibility. Grocery, drug and traditional pharmacy channels are under significant pressure, with increasing input costs. Meanwhile, shifts to ecommerce and eB2B are accelerating. As a consequence, retailers and online platforms are using data and technology to shape their offerings, pricing and consumer experience. Health systems are shifting towards and expanding the role of pharmacies to manage strong demand, shortages and cost pressures. Regulations are also increasing – with stronger scrutiny of health claims, tighter ingredient safety and transparency, and increasing ESG regulations and reporting requirements. 53% of Consumer Health market growth comes from emerging markets2 1.4bn people will be aged 60+ by 20303 23% of Consumer Health sales are made online4 18m global shortage expected by 20303 Broader sector dynamics The Consumer Health sector continued to emerge and evolve in 2025. Opella became a standalone Consumer Health company, following the completion of Sanofi’s sale of a controlling 50% stake to private equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice. Following Kenvue’s listing as a company, announced its intention to acquire Kenvue and create a $32bn global health and wellness company. In parallel, Consumer Health companies are actively reshaping their portfolios: Church & Dwight and Nestlé engaged in strategic reviews of their VMS businesses; and Procter & Gamble recently acquired Digestive Health brand Wonderbelly. Reckitt divested its Essential Home business (retaining a 30% equity stake), to become a simpler consumer health and hygiene company. Businesses in the sector include Bayer, Church & Dwight, , Kenvue, Nestlé, Opella, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt and Unilever, along with local players. While the sector is highly competitive, Haleon has been able to differentiate itself through its purpose and Win as One strategy, underpinned by consumer understanding, trusted science and pharmacy channel expertise. Haleon is well positioned. As socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shift, we see growing opportunities to drive reach and optimise our supply chain. We have strong positions in attractive categories, which help us address evolving consumer needs and regulatory trends. We are investing in digital and technology, and have competitive strengths in pharmacies and with experts, to help us adapt to the evolving channel landscape. 1. Source: NIQ, ‘Global State of Health and Wellness’, 2025. 2. Nicholas Hall’s global CHC database, DB6 (2024), GlobalData (2024). 3. World Health Organization. 4. Euromonitor. 8 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Our categories Oral Health Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) premiumisation Expanded Sensodyne Clinical range globally. Clinically proven to whiten teeth by two shades5 and provide 24/7 sensitivity protection6, Sensodyne Clinical White is now available in more than 25 markets and is ranked as a top 10 innovation in the US Oral Health market. Expanding reach Improved access to Oral Health in emerging markets. Introduced an affordable Sensodyne Cavity + Sensitivity toothpaste in 15 markets, including Indonesia and South Africa, addressing affordability barriers, and supported by online activation. Scaling innovation Expanded Gum Health innovation globally. Building on its successful 2024 launch, we expanded parodontax’s distribution in China7 , contributing to the brand’s global growth8. Expert recommendation Strengthened scientific leadership in Gum Health Sensitivity care. Presented two sessions at ‘EuroPerio 11’, attended by over 10,000 dental professionals, around care for dentine hypersensitivity and gingivitis. Superior innovation Enhanced Denture Care performance, with the rollout of Poligrip Ultimate ‘All in One’ across Europe, US and Japan8. It offers 263% stronger hold9 , our best biting power10 and comfort with 12-hour hold. The launch achieved around 5% market share in Japan within seven months of launch11 and ranked as the #1 Denture Care innovation in the US12. See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. 2025 revenue £3,461m 4.5% growth 7.9% organic growth Our brands The importance of Oral Health According to the World Health Organization (WHO), nearly half of the world’s population is affected by oral diseases or conditions, with cases increasing by c.1 billion1over the past 30 years. Poor Oral Health not only leads to discomfort and pain, it also increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases such as diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular diseases. Oral Health conditions are, in most cases, preventable and treatable, if managed in their early stages. Tooth sensitivity and gum disease are widespread (each with c.45–50% prevalence2 ), yet treatment rates remain low, with for example only around a third of consumers2 using a specialist toothpaste for each condition. Our position We focus on premium, specialist Therapeutic Oral Health with broad geographic presence. Haleon is the global #13 in Sensitivity toothpaste (with Sensodyne), #24 in Gum Health toothpaste (with parodontax), and #13 in Denture Care (with Corega/ Polident/Poligrip). 1. Source: World Health Organization, Global Oral Health Status Report, 2022. 2. Source: Sensodyne Haleon Incidence & Usage Study, 2022, across 10 markets; parodontax Global U&A Refresh 2022 Clear. 3. Source: GlobalData (2024), the latest available data for the Consumer Health as a whole, beyond our individual categories, and Haleon analysis of market data. Share rankings shown are based on value sales for the year ended December 2024. 4. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (2024). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 5. Versus a toothpaste after 8 weeks’ twice daily brushing. 6. With twice daily brushing. 7. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (October 2025 year to date). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 8. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (MAT, September 2025). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 9. Versus no adhesive at 1 hour. 10. Includes Poligrip’s best technology. 11. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (March to September 2025). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 12. Source: Circana, LLC, Total US – MULO+ with Convenience, Denture Care Category, 2025 Innovation: Y, Dollar Sales, CY Ending Dec 28, 2025. Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 9 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Our categories continued Vitamins, Minerals & Supplements (VMS) Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) premiumisation Continued our expansion across of our Centrum Daily Kits range, a 30-day supply of tailored vitamins for gender and age needs. The range now features added premium benefits including cellular health and metabolism support, delivering the largest innovation for Centrum globally. Expanding reach Accelerated access to Centrum range for consumers, via growth of our Centrum Essential Benefit range of Multivitamin, Energy and Immunity solutions. The range continued to attract new consumers to the category and Centrum brand in Brazil. Superior innovation Launched Caltrate Kids Liquid in China, with a patented Vitamin K2 formulation for ten times better absorption, supported by content to enhance education and build consumer trust in digital commerce. Claims backed by evidence Launched new, superior cognition claim for Centrum Silver in the US, that ‘Taking Centrum Silver may slow cognitive ageing up to 60%’, amplified by digital activation and influencer support. Expert recommendation Enhanced expert activation for Centrum. Continued inviting experts globally, and across the US and Southeast Asia, to ‘Think Again’ about Multivitamin benefits. Over 85% of experts in the Philippines who took part stated that they would be likely to recommend Centrum Multivitamin to their patients. Meaningful and different brands Expanded the brand in the US. Launched a new campaign, ‘So much more than Vitamin C!’, highlighting ingredients beyond vitamin C (including B vitamins, zinc and electrolytes), driving share growth in the market. See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. 2025 revenue £1,685m (0.6)% growth 1.9% organic growth Our brands The importance of VMS Health and wellness is a top priority for consumers, with particular interests in need states such as nutrition, cognition, longevity and weight management. Good nutrition also serves as the foundation for other health and wellness needs. However, the majority of the global population do not consume enough micronutrients essential to health. Our ambition is to enable consumers to take control of their health and wellness with trusted, supplements that fill critical nutrient gaps. Our position Haleon is the #1 player in VMS globally1 . Our key brands include: Centrum – the world’s leading Multivitamin1 ; Caltrate – world leader in Calcium1 ; and – world leader in Vitamin C1 . 1. Source: Nicholas Hall’s global CHC database, DB6 (2024) and Haleon analysis of market data, the latest available data for the Consumer Health market as a whole, beyond our individual categories. Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing 10 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) Geographic expansion Expanded Voltaren 2% into China. Launched Voltaren 12-Hour Pain Relief Gel in China, driving market share growth in Pain Relief in that market2. Meaningful and differentiated brands Launched a new campaign for Advil US. ‘No Pain, More Gain’, which went back to the root strength of the brand, efficacy. It launched in July and delivered positive share performance even in the first 12 weeks3 . Expert recommendation Partnered with medical experts to advance the understanding of pain. We launched the Haleon Pain Management Institute (HPMI) in 15 countries across the globe, in collaboration with local Health Professionals. This initiative reflects Haleon’s commitment to accelerate the science and understanding of pain for better pain management and outcomes. Brilliant execution Scaled Voltaren’s sponsorship approach. Voltaren became the official licensed pain killer of the UEFA Champions League, a first for Haleon, Voltaren and UEFA. The campaign, designed to strengthen Voltaren’s relevance among younger, active consumers, culminated at the final in Munich in May 2025 and was activated across broad media channels, including displays and an experiential zone within the stadium. Pain Relief The importance of Pain Relief Pain is a consistent and universal issue, affecting over 90%1 of the adult population. Yet six in ten1 people wait before treating it, while only one in three1 people seek relief from their pain immediately. When we fail to manage our pain, many aspects of our health can suffer, for example we exercise less, move less and struggle to sleep. The social and emotional impacts of pain continue to increase, with stigma and social isolation arising from everyday pain increasing worldwide1 . We aim to break down the barriers to seeking Pain Relief, to support better everyday health for everyone. Our position Our portfolio spans Systemic and Topical , with strong brands including Voltaren, Panadol, Advil, Excedrin, Fenbid and . 1. Source: Haleon Global Pain Index, 2023, 5th Edition. 2. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (12 months to September 2025). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 3. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (2025). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. 2025 revenue £2,564m –% growth 2.3% organic growth Our brands Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 11 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Our categories continued Respiratory Health The importance of Respiratory Health Respiratory Health is a key pillar of everyday health, with the common cold being one of the most common infectious diseases1 , having a high impact on people’s quality of life and global economies. Many consumers seek out options for common symptoms, with 70%-80% of sufferers feeling confident in treating themselves for these conditions2, yet over 40% do not utilise (OTC) treatments3 . Our ambition is to close the incidence vs treatment gap with our portfolio of trusted brands. Our position Our portfolio spans a range of Cough, Cold and Allergy , with strong brands including Otrivin, Theraflu, Flonase and Robitussin. 1. Source: Harvard Health, 2023. 2. Source: Global Federation, 2024. 3. Source: The Consumer Healthcare Association, 2023. 4. Source: Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (November 2025 year to date). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) premiumisation Continued the global expansion of our superior Otrivin Nasal Mist. We launched this in a further 10 countries in 2025, including in Italy, Norway and the US. It was also launched under our Theraflu brand in the US4. The continued drove global consumption growth in 2025 ahead of the market4. premiumisation Received industry recognition for Nasal Mist innovation. Theraflu Nasal Mist won the ‘Best in Show 2025’ Ameristar design award for its innovative spray – offering comfort, precision, accessibility and packaging. It also recently won a WorldStar Global Packaging Award 2026 in the US. Meaningful and different brands Theraflu strengthened demand power. We continued Theraflu’s ‘Right to Rest and Recover’ initiative in the US and Poland, to champion the right for workers to take time off when they fall sick. This consistently-lived purpose helped build relevance with the consumer and strengthen Theraflu’s brand demand power among those exposed to the campaign. Health inclusivity and sustainability Making our packaging more sustainable. We are progressing with the transition to using mass balance resins for the production of Otrivin nasal sprays, which delivered incremental virgin plastic savings in 2025. See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. 2025 revenue £1,873m (11.7)% growth (1.9)% organic growth Our brands Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing 12 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 2025 revenue £987m (4.1)% growth 0.5% organic growth Our brands Digestive Health See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) Delighting consumers Grew Tums’ household penetration. In the US, expansion of a new format (Chewy Bites) and retail exclusive flavours, supported by digital commerce acceleration, attracted new, young consumers to the category and lowered barriers to treatment. premiumisation Expanded Benefiber to new consumers for proactive digestive wellness. Benefiber Prebiotic Fiber + Supergreens targets users, to help close the fibre gap related to diets and support energy levels. Activation included an influencer programme designed to engage consumers, complemented by activations across key retailers. Meaningful and different brands Drove growth with a new Benefiber campaign. Successfully launched a new communication for the Benefiber brand, ‘Grow what feels good’, reinforcing proactive gut health through fibre. It helped drive Benefiber growth at more than twice the rate of growth of the Fibre category. premiumisation Continued to grow ENO ‘3 in 1’ in India, gaining significant share. Launched in 2024, it combines the trusted relief of ENO, as India’s #1 Antacid Immediate Relief brand3, with natural ingredients – cumin, carom seeds and black salt. It provides a solution, for fast and effective relief to treat multiple symptoms (acidity, gas and indigestion). Expanding reach Improved access to Digestive Health in Brazil with a new, convenient and affordable format. Continued the expansion of Digestive Health products in Brazil with ENOMAGNO stick pack format, a new brand tailored for the Magnesium Hydroxide liquid range. It offers the same product in a convenient, , format, with lower vs the regular format (bottles). ENOMAGNO stick pack drove market share gains4 in the liquid segment, with more than 80% of consumers being new to the category. The importance of Digestive Health Digestive Health issues affect a large proportion of the global population. For example, over 60% of adults in the US experience digestive health issues. A healthy digestive system ensures that the body effectively absorbs nutrients, vitamins and minerals from food, which are essential for maintaining energy levels, supporting immune function and promoting overall health. The Digestive Health category includes proactive solutions that complement the VMS category, such as fibre, as well as reactive treatments, like antacids and laxatives. There is growing consumer demand for Digestive Health solutions, driven by increased awareness of the importance of gut health, as well as the increase in use1 . Our position Haleon is the #12 manufacturer in the global Digestive Health category, driven by our leading position in Antacids. We have a focused geographic presence in Digestive Health across key markets – US, India and Brazil (representing c.85%2 of sales) – underpinned by brands such as Tums, ENO and Benefiber. 1. Source: NIQ, ‘Global State of Health and Wellness’, 2025. 2. Source: Nicholas Hall’s global CHC database, DB6 (2024) and Haleon analysis of data (2024), the latest available data for the Consumer Healthcare market as a whole, beyond our individual categories. Digestive Health refers to the Gastrointestinals category. 3. Haleon’s analysis of data including IQVIA, Circana, Nielsen et al (November 2025 year to date). Data set is based on Haleon global category standards. 4. Source: IQVIA, OTC consumption report, 2025. Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 13 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance 2025 revenue £460m (9.8)% growth 2.0% organic growth Our brands Therapeutic Skin Health & Other See page 47 for further information on performance during the year. The importance of Therapeutic Skin Health & Other In 2021, skin and diseases affected 25% of the population, up by over 35% since 1990, contributed to by lifestyle, environmental and climate change factors. They disproportionately affect women, children, older adults and disadvantaged groups, often leading to stigma and discrimination. However, awareness remains low – both among Health Providers and the general public. In 2025, WHO Member States adopted a resolution to recognise skin diseases as a global health priority1 . Our aim is to help consumers better manage their conditions, to deliver better everyday health. Our position Our Therapeutic Skin Health & Other brands consist of key brands such as: Zovirax/Abreva – the global leader in Cold Sore treatments; Bactroban – the leading brand in China; and Fenistil – the top solution in EMEA & LATAM. Outside of Therapeutic Skin Health brands, our key ‘Other’ brand is Eroxon. 1. Source: World Health Organization, 2025. 2. Source: IQVIA, OTC consumption report, 2025, topline L1M data showing 11% market share and #2 position in September 2025. 3. Source: IQVIA OTC consumption report, L6M Oct 2026. Activity examples Key growth driver and 2025 activities Market driver(s) Closing the incidence vs treatment gap Further expanded the Bactroban brand beyond antibacterial ointment in China. Bactroban launched Adapalene Gel in 2024, as an acne treatment for face, chest and back, and has already achieved the number two position in the acne market in China2. Expert recommendation Advanced Bactroban leadership in China county areas via a treatment and education campaign. Bactroban engaged dermatologists in providing free mobile dermatology clinics and educational events, delivering healthcare and wellbeing to consumers’ doorsteps via county hospitals. The initiative also included training sessions for dermatologists on various skin conditions. This helped strengthen consumer and expert awareness, and Bactroban’s number one position in wound healing in the county3 . Claims backed by evidence Leveraged communication to drive growth of Abreva, with the launch of a new digital campaign in the US. The campaign featured a dermatologist as the brand spokesperson. It was centred around the claim, ’5 in 1 cold sore relief’, to support consumers with faster healing and relief from pain, burning, itching and tingling. Market drivers Socioeconomic and geopolitical dynamics shifting Consumer needs evolving Channel landscape evolving Regulatory dynamics changing Our categories continued 14 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Our approach to health inclusivity and sustainability Health inclusivity and sustainability Our goals 2025 performance1 2024 performance1 We aim to empower millions of people a year to be more included in opportunities for better everyday health, empowering 50 million people a year by 20252. 74m+ 50m+ We aim to reduce our net Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 100% by 2030 vs a 2020 baseline3 . (55)% (50)% We aim to reduce our Scope 3 carbon emissions from source to sale by 42% by 2030 vs a 2022 baseline3 . (13)% (9)%4 We aim to reduce our use of virgin plastic by 10% by 2025, and a third by 2030 vs a 2022 baseline2,5. (9)% (1)% We aim to develop solutions for all product packaging to be by 2025 and recyclable or reusable by 2030, where safety, quality and regulations permit2,5,6,7. 80% 79%8 We aim for all key agricultural, forest and materials used in our ingredients and packaging to be sustainably sourced and deforestation-free by 20309 . 90% 81% We aim to achieve TRUE certification10 at all our manufacturing sites by 203011. 11/24 5/24 We aim to achieve Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) standard certification at all our manufacturing sites by 202511. 24/24 12/24 We aim to achieve gender parity in leadership roles by 203012. 46.3% 44.6% Further information on our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability strategy, Double Materiality Assessment and 2025 performance can be found in our 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Report. For further information on our reporting criteria, see Haleon’s 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Basis of Reporting. 1. The reporting periods for Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions ( ) and health inclusivity are 1 December (in the prior year) to 30 November (in the year stated). The annual reporting periods for Scope 3 emissions, plastic, packaging and sustainable sourcing are 1 July (in the prior year) to 30 June (in the year stated). The annual reporting periods for TRUE (Total Resource Use and Efficiency) certification, AWS certification and the baseline comparison years are calendar year. Gender representation is as at 31 December in the year stated on the basis of an average as at the end of each quarter. 2. The end point for the 2025 goal is the end of the 2025 calendar year. 3. Scope 1 and 2 emissions performance reflects emissions under Haleon’s operational control. Carbon offsets were used to reduce 11% of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2025. Our Scope 1 & 2 goal is underpinned by a 95% absolute reduction target. Scope 3 estimated emissions includes all indirect emissions from Haleon’s value chain and all GHG Protocol categories except 6, 7 and 10-15. 4. The 2024 Scope 3 result and 2022 baseline differ from the value (2024: (10)%) in the 2024 Annual Report and Form 20-F due to methodology and data improvements, including updated emission factors and granular data for products made at manufacturers. While the change in the Scope 3 result is not material, the change in split of emissions across the GHG protocol categories is material. The restated Scope 3 result better reflects the drivers of our footprint and where we are focusing our actions. 5. Scope of our estimated packaging footprint includes product packaging and some devices, including toothbrushes. 6. The stated performance is against the 2025 goal only. 7. The reported result against the goal does not exclude packaging where there is not a solution that meets stringent safety, quality and regulatory requirements for healthcare packaging. 8. The 2024 result differs from the value, 74%, disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report and Form 20-F due to packaging data improvements at internal sites and inclusion of granular data for products made at manufacturers. 9. Scope includes Haleon’s globally managed spend on key materials which are agricultural, forestry or . Globally managed spend covers the majority of our internal spend and expands across some of our manufacturing network. 10. TRUE, is a recognised certification programme. 11. Haleon has 25 manufacturing sites. The increase from 24 sites last year is due to the Company now treating its two sites in Suzhou, China as separate sites for operational purposes. 24 of our 25 manufacturing sites are included in our AWS and TRUE certification goals. Maidenhead is excluded as it ceased manufacturing operations towards the end of 2025. 12. Gender parity is defined as between 48-52%. Since 2025, this metric does not include the US and Puerto Rico. The 2024 result has also been updated to exclude these, hence the 2024 result shown differs from the value of 45.2% disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report and Form 20-F and the 2024 Responsible Business Report. Percentage indicates the percentage of female permanent employees. In 2025, we refreshed our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability strategy, putting improving health inclusivity at the centre, reflecting where we believe we can have the most impact. Our purpose is to deliver better everyday health with humanity. But today too many people are held back from this due to lack of knowledge, access to affordable care and bias and prejudice. Changes to the environment are also impacting people’s health, with the most vulnerable hit first and hardest. That is why improving health inclusivity is central to our strategy. By building health literacy, increasing access to products, tackling bias and prejudice, and providing solutions to help people manage the impact of environmental changes, we can help millions of people take more control of their everyday health. Because we know when people have the knowledge, tools and confidence to care for their health, it strengthens families, communities and health systems. We also recognise that our success is dependent on the health of people, the natural world and the shared resources we all rely on. That is why we are focused on reducing our environmental footprint and operating with enduring resilience across our value chain. We do this by: cutting carbon emissions, making our packaging more sustainable, managing natural resources responsibly and by supporting our people and partners. Through these actions we can help people achieve better everyday health today and tomorrow, while mitigating risks and generating returns for our shareholders. All of this is anchored on upholding robust ethical standards: from operating responsibly, embedding high quality and safety standards to protecting human rights. These standards guide our actions and safeguard the trust that underpins our brands. These priority areas are the focus of our refreshed Health Inclusivity and Sustainability strategic framework and were confirmed by the results of our updated Double Materiality Assessment, taking account of the requirements of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) (enacted prior to 2025) in preparation for potential future reporting by the Group and/or by our companies. Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 15 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Our approach to health inclusivity and sustainability continued For health inclusivity… When people are enabled to take better care of their everyday health it shapes how they feel and their quality of life – today, and into the future. Yet we recognise and understand the social and environmental challenges that still hold many back from achieving better everyday health. That is why improving health inclusivity is central to our sustainability strategy and reflected in an updated goal and ambition: By 2030, we aim to provide opportunities for over 300 million people a year to take more control of their everyday health. We are making this happen by: — Building health literacy, because knowledge and confidence changes behaviour. We are equipping people with the information and resources they need to take more control of their health. — Increasing access to everyday health products, because everyday health should be within everyone’s reach. We are making more affordable and accessible versions of our products available to more people. — Tackling bias and prejudice, because everyone deserves to be seen, heard and treated fairly. We are challenging negative stereotypes which hold people back from better everyday health. In 2024, a year ahead of schedule, we reached our target of empowering 50 million people a year to be more included in opportunities for better everyday health. In our 2025 reporting period, we empowered more than 74 million people to be more included in opportunities for everyday health, by focusing on: Building health literacy We invested in deepening the breadth, quality and reach of content on the Haleon Health Partner Portal (HHP). One of the year’s most important additions was the integration of The Haleon Pain Management Institute (HPMI) resources. These materials, shaped by new market insights, are designed to help Health Professionals recognise and address disparities in pain awareness, treatment access and patient confidence. In 2025, we continued to provide resources to help Health Professionals build their patients’ knowledge and confidence in how to manage everyday health conditions through webinars and downloadable resources. Content includes deeper condition specific education, new resources for pharmacists, dentists and doctors, and expanded training materials addressing bias and prejudice, including on the ‘#ListenToPain’ initiative. In our 2025 reporting year, Health Professionals engaging with content on the portal went on to empower over 52 million people globally. Our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability strategic framework ‘In our 2025 reporting period, we empowered more than 74 million people to be more included in opportunities for better everyday health.’ For health inclusivity... With enduring resilience... Deliver better everyday health with humanity Upholding robust ethical standards We help people take more control of their everyday health Building health literacy Increasing access to everyday health products Tackling bias and prejudice Supporting our people and our partners Managing natural resources responsibly Making packaging more sustainable Cutting carbon emissions We work with respect for people, nature and resources 16 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Increasing access to everyday health products We are committed to making it easier for consumers on to access the healthcare products they need – for example, the more accessible version of our Sensodyne toothpaste in India, where we offer a smaller pack size priced at 20 rupees, to make it much more accessible to lower income consumers, many of whom are earners. By offering this more accessible version and extending distribution, we have more than doubled our reach in small towns and villages across India. We are also expanding our reach in key markets. Working in collaboration with dental colleges and Health Professionals across India, ‘Project Amplify’ expands access to essential oral health services. Since launch, the programme has supported free dental evaluation at over 800 clinics nationwide, ensuring individuals receive not only but also practical, personalised advice to manage daily hygiene habits. To reach people beyond clinic walls, we introduced a code, to facilitate oral health checks. This simple digital tool allows individuals to assess their oral health using their mobile phones, broadening engagement and removing barriers to care. Since 2023, ‘Project Amplify’ has empowered more than 600,000 people to improve their oral health through accessible, support. The programme continues to grow year on year, reaching 330,000 individuals in our 2025 reporting year. We will report on the increasing access to everyday healthcare products’ component of our updated 2030 Health Inclusivity goal from 2026. Tackling bias and prejudice In the US, we continued to scale Theraflu’s ‘Right to Rest and Recover’ campaign which advocates for nationwide paid sick leave and helps citizens better understand their rights. Since 2021, the programme has provided over $1 million in micro grants to help people who could not otherwise afford to do so take a day off to recover from everyday illness. In 2025, the programme helped more than 10 million1 adults living in the US to feel better informed about their rights to paid sick leave with many already acting on the information provided by the campaign or intending to act differently when they next fall sick. …With enduring resilience Cutting carbon emissions Scope 1 and 2 In our 2025 reporting period, we achieved a 55% reduction in net Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions compared to our 2020 baseline, exceeding the PSP target of a 48% reduction, see page 95, and maintained 100% renewable electricity across our operations. In line with our SBTi target, almost a quarter of our 25 manufacturing sites2 have now reduced their Scope 1 and 2 emissions by at least 95%3, compared to 2020. We continue to reduce our use of offsets, aiming to limit their use to ≤5% by 2030. We reduced the use of offsets from 14% of gross Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our 2024 reporting period, to 11% in our 2025 reporting period. In 2025 we invested more than £12 million in energy efficiency and carbon reduction projects. Progress includes the installation of an electric steam generator at our Kuala Lumpur site in Malaysia and one at our Nairobi site in Kenya, and installation of new electric heat pumps at both Suzhou sites in China. Scope 3 In our 2025 reporting period, Scope 3 emissions from source to sale decreased by 13% from the 2022 baseline, showing continued progress towards our target to reduce Scope 3 emissions, source to sale, by 42% by 2030. As part of this decrease, upstream transport and distribution emissions reduced by 31% versus 2022, primarily due to a reduction in the use of air freight. Purchased goods and services remain the main driver of our Scope 3 emissions overall. In March 2025, we organised a Sustainability Forum, with over 320 supplier representatives attending. This event provided a platform for shared learning and dialogue on sustainability challenges and opportunities across our supply network. To further support supplier capability, we have delivered a series of targeted training modules. 1. Internal Haleon study, supported by Edelman. 2. Haleon has 25 manufacturing sites. The increase from 24 sites last year is due to the Company now treating its two sites in Suzhou, China as separate sites for operational purposes. 3. Excludes emissions from refrigerants and company vehicle mileage. 4. Based on actual results as of 30 September 2025, already surpassing the target of (10)% by end of 2025. Reporting period is 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025. These sessions have addressed key topics including energy efficiency, energy management, decarbonising industrial heat processes and cascading decarbonisation efforts through additional tiers of the supply chain. To improve the granularity of our Scope 3 emissions reporting, we updated methodologies, enhanced our data quality, and updated emission factors, switching to supplier specific product carbon footprints where possible. To enable us to clearly communicate the impact of improved data we have restated our 2024 result from (10)% to (9)% and our 2022 baseline (see page 15). Making packaging more sustainable We have made good progress against our virgin plastic goal, reaching a (9)% reduction in our reporting period up to the end of June 2025, and exceeded our goal to reduce our use of virgin plastic by 10% by the end of the 2025 calendar year4. This reduction is being delivered through the continued rollout of initiatives which replace virgin plastic with alternatives including recycled plastic, bioplastic and cellulose or paper based packaging. We exceeded our goal to reduce our use of virgin plastic by 10% at the end of the 2025 calendar year. Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 17 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance This includes the roll out of toothpaste tube caps made using bioplastics in several markets, and the increased use of bottles made using recycled plastic or bioplastic in our OTC, VMS and Digestive Health bottles. We have met our 2025 goal to develop solutions for all product packaging to be where safety, quality and regulations permit in line with our 2025 external goal and PSP target (see page 95) – reaching 80% across our product portfolio in the reporting period. This was driven by the continued global roll out of toothpaste tubes, and the continued conversion of our bottle portfolio – including most mouthwash bottles – to packaging. For the remaining 20% of our product packaging, we expect progress on to increase only marginally going forward, due to limited to no availability of solutions in the near future which meet the stringent safety, quality and regulatory requirements for healthcare packaging. During 2026, we will revisit our 2030 goal to make all packaging recyclable or reusable, where safety, quality, regulations permit, to align with the latest industry developments, including the Ellen MacArthur Foundation 2030 plastics agenda for business and the EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Regulation. Managing natural resources responsibly Sourcing trusted ingredients sustainably We are making continued progress towards our goal for all key agricultural, forest and materials used in our ingredients and packaging, to be sustainably sourced and deforestation-free by 20301 . We increased our percentage of sustainably-sourced key materials to 90% in the 2025 reporting period, primarily driven by an increase in certified deforestation-free paper as well as an increase in sustainably-sourced corn and wheat derivatives enabled by improved supplier data and evidence. We strengthened our performance on sustainably-sourced palm oil derivatives to 94% and paper to 82%. These results reflect our current definition of ‘deforestation free’ (as available in our 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Basis of Reporting). We will continue to monitor external developments and update our definitions in line with evolving regulation and industry standards. Since launch in 2023, our ‘Healthy Mint Supply Chain’ programme in Uttar Pradesh, India, has enrolled over 10,000 farmers across the state. Large gains in yields have been reported by farmers adopting improved planting techniques, utilising new mint varieties and those trialling new technologies, including the use of drones to spray controlled measures of fertilisers, reducing their use. Integrating water stewardship and waste circularity In 2025, we reached our goal of achieving Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) core certification across all our manufacturing sites. We will continue to monitor and track compliance with AWS standards. We are now focusing beyond our own manufacturing sites to the wider water context, taking a view to protect business continuity and help ensure that supply chains are resilient to impacts. To do this, we are engaging key suppliers and third party manufacturers in water stressed areas2, in understanding and managing their water impacts. We are also working to identify programmes and collaborations at basin level, to enable our eight sites located in areas to become water neutral by 2030. Our Cape Town site achieved water neutrality in 2023, and our site in Nairobi, Kenya is starting a programme in 2026 to become water neutral. We are introducing measures at our manufacturing sites to increase waste circularity through the TRUE (Total Resource Use and Efficiency) certification system. Six of our sites have achieved TRUE waste certification this year, bringing the total certified to 11 out of 24. Our approach to health inclusivity and sustainability continued 1. Scope includes Haleon’s globally managed spend on key materials which are agricultural, forestry or . Globally managed spend covers the majority of our internal spend and expands across some of our manufacturing network. 2. Determined using publicly available tools to identify water risk, such as the WRI Aqueduct Tool, reviews of local water risk using local data, and materiality of the risk to the business. Discover more… Empowering and supporting people Please see page 35–39 of this report and our 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability report. Upholding robust ethical standards Please see page 38 of this report and our 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability report. Our ‘Healthy Mint Supply Chain’ programme in Uttar Pradesh, India, has enrolled over 10,000 farmers across the state since the launch of the programme in 2023. 18 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Improving health inclusivity while operating sustainably and responsibly is a strategic imperative for Haleon. We are transforming how we work to build resilience across our value chain and reduce our environmental footprint. We rely on operations and supply chains to make and sell our products, as well as key agricultural, forestry and materials from our upstream supply chain to make our products and packaging. As a result, we assess and manage the environmental risks and opportunities associated with matters including climate change and nature loss, which could have a financial impact on our business and our success. Compliance statement In accordance with the FCA’s UK Listing Rule 6.6.6R(8), the Companies Act 2006 s.414CB(A1) and (2A) and the SEC’s Guidance Regarding Disclosure Related to Climate Change (2010), we present our Task Force on Financial Disclosures (TCFD) compliance statement and confirm that we have made financial disclosures for the year ended 31 December 2025 which are consistent with the TCFD recommendations and recommended disclosures, on pages 202 and 203. Last year we committed to early adoption of the Taskforce on Financial Disclosures (TNFD) recommendations and guidance. Acknowledging this is a journey, in our first disclosures we report our progress against the TNFD framework following our nature LEAP (Locate, Evaluate, Assess and Prepare) assessment completed in 2025. Prompted by TNFD, this exercise helps us to understand our dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities related to nature. We will continue to use the findings to guide our strategy and moving forward. Please see pages 202 and 203 in the appendix of this document for the full and content mapping index. Governance Governance over climate and risks and opportunities is consistent with the governance structures in place across Haleon – comprising of the Board, Board committees, executive and governance committees, and specialist working groups across the business. The Board takes overall accountability for risk and opportunity management, including climate change and nature (page 65). The Board delegates specific matters related to climate change and nature to committees, as detailed in the Board Committee reports on pages 70 to 80. Key board activities, outcomes of discussion and decisions are described on pages 65 and 74 . — The Environmental & Social Sustainability (ESS) Committee oversees the development and execution of the group’s health inclusivity and sustainability strategy, including targets and KPIs related to climate and nature which track our performance. The details of the key responsibilities, committee activities and focus areas in 2025 are set out on page 74 and the membership and meetings are described on page 64 In 2023, 2024 and 2025, the ESS Committee conducted deep dive sessions covering the evaluation of our environmental and social sustainability strategy, TCFD, climate transition plans and the impacts of nature and biodiversity loss. — The Audit & Risk Committee oversees our principal risks, including the principal risk related to ESG, which covers climate change and nature (see page 70). — The Remuneration Committee supports our climate strategy by aligning the Performance Share Plan with ESG performance via the ESG qualifier. Executive remuneration is tied to specific health inclusivity and sustainability-related KPIs. For the year ended 2025, this included objectives (see page 78 to 80). — The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Team are responsible for the delivery of our health inclusivity and sustainability strategy, and they are supported by various governance forums, including for the management of climate and risks and opportunities. — The Environment Steering Committee governs progress against Haleon’s environment strategy and commitments, including climate change and nature commitments. The Committee meets at least quarterly and makes strategic recommendations on managing our environmental footprint for approval by the Executive Team and the Board. It also monitors risks, opportunities and regulations. It is chaired by the Vice President of Sustainability, and Executive Team members include the Chief Corporate Affairs Officer the Chief Supply Chain Officer and the Chief R&D Officer. Information on strategy, performance and risks flows to the Executive Team and then the Board committees via participation of the Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, the Sustainability VP and the ESG Programme and Reporting Director. — The Executive Team Risk Forum (Risk Forum) oversees management of principal risks, helping ensure they are managed effectively. This includes the ESG principal risk (see page 55). Number of meetings and key roles are detailed on page 52. In May 2025, the Risk Forum reviewed the ESG principal risk, which is owned by the Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and monitored via our risk management framework (see page 50). — Compliance and Risk Forums (CRF) are conducted by our functional teams, categories, and business units, to embed risk management in business operations. Details about the Sustainability CRF can be found in the risk management section (see page 20). — Working groups in our global functions, global categories and business units integrate health inclusivity and sustainability targets, principles and initiatives (including those related to climate change and nature) into Haleon’s strategy and planning process, capital planning and budgeting, responsibilities and metric management. Climate and financial disclosures Discover more… Climate Action Transition Plan Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 19 Strategic Report Other Information Parent Company Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements Corporate Governance Strategy and risk management The process for identifying, assessing and managing climate and risks is consistent with Haleon’s enterprise risk management process as outlined on page 50. This helps ensure that accountability for the identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring of risks is aligned with our strategic objectives. Our approach to managing climate and nature risks is outlined in the Governance section. The Sustainability CRF leads the environmental (including climate and nature), social risk identification and assessment process, which is conducted on an ongoing basis. Risks are assessed and prioritised by taking into consideration the likely impact (considering both financial and reputation impacts), the probability of the risk and the controls that are in place to manage the risk, in line with Haleon’s risk management framework outlined on page 50. This helps to identify those risks and controls where management should focus its effort. The Sustainability CRF met six times in 2025 and includes the Vice President of Sustainability and members of the Sustainability team. Continuous evaluation and management of risk is embedded in our strategy to enable an appropriate, measured and timely response. Risk owners are assigned to the risks (including climate, nature and social risks) and continually monitor and assess each risk. A combination of internal knowledge and external factors, such as horizon scanning, legal and regulatory developments, and emerging environmental and nature science, are considered to determine whether to mitigate, transfer or accept the risks. In some cases, it may be deemed appropriate to transfer the risk, for example by discharging costs or liability to another party in our value chain. Part of the risk assessment process is also acceptance: establishing a level of comfort with the risk, considering our existing control strategies, and assessing whether they are currently sufficient. The most significant climate and risks and opportunities are described in detail in this section along with our plans to manage them. These are considered to have the most significant impact on our business, strategy and financial planning. However, we do not anticipate the need for further significant changes to our strategy to respond to these risks, and action plans are in place to manage them. Risk and mitigation plans undergo a formal review at least once a year. Both the TCFD and TNFD exercises informed our Double Materiality Assessment, which was conducted taking into account the requirements of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) (enacted prior to 2025) in preparation for potential future reporting by the Group and/or by our companies (see pages 5 and 6 of our Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Report for more information). For further details read our Climate Action Transition Plan. Metrics and targets We include climate and metrics and targets as part of our overall health inclusivity and sustainability strategy. See page 15 for more details on our targets and performance, and our 2025 Health Inclusivity and Sustainability Report, page 4 for further information. Data for years prior to 2024 are available on our ESG Reporting Hub. We continue our journey to better manage climate risks, and in 2024 implemented a new internal metric to monitor the percentage of sales generated by our own sites at high risk of extreme weather events, which we continue to monitor. Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions are set out in line with the UK Government’s guidance on Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) (see pages 177 and 178) and built into our ESG qualifier as described on page 96. Climate impacts, risks and opportunities Our resilience to climate change As outlined in the risks on pages 22 to 26, the quantitative scenario analysis indicates that our business is not at high risk of facing significant financial impacts from risks in the short term. Any risks with a financial impact are either projected to occur in the long term or are being addressed through our mitigating actions. As a result, we do not anticipate the need for major, further changes to our strategy to respond to these risks. In the medium and long term, we need to consider transition risks. The transition to a economy could have financial implications for Haleon, as consumer preferences shift towards sustainable products, potentially impacting our market share and brand reputation. Additionally, increased carbon taxes on emissions across our operations and supply chain could also have financial impacts. However, these risks can be mitigated if we achieve our carbon reduction targets for emissions across all scopes. We have already conducted assessments for 11 key product types to better understand and mitigate the risks associated with their stages. You can read more in our Climate Action Transition Plan. In the long term, we need to be aware of the impacts of physical risks. Our key facilities could be affected by flooding and heatwaves, leading to disruption and damage. Our Oral Health product line could also be impacted by disruptions in the supply of agricultural raw materials, which are at a higher risk of yield impact due to climate change. While we already have a resilient sourcing strategy for these key crops, which includes working with mint farmers in India to improve the sustainability of production, we need to continue monitoring the situation. As climate change continues, there is an opportunity from increased demand for consumer health products as a result of the increasing frequency, severity and prevalence of several everyday health conditions which we provide solutions for. Examples include the allergy season becoming longer and more intense, higher prevalence of diseases such as malaria with a related need to treat fever symptoms and more prevalent and severe headache, migraine and joint pain driven by extreme weather. The transition to a economy also presents an opportunity for us, as consumer preferences shift towards more sustainable products. To capitalise on this opportunity, we need to continue to improve the sustainability of our products and make consumers aware of these changes through effective claims and consumer messaging. Climate and financial disclosures continued 20 Haleon Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 Warming trajectory by 2100 Climate scenarios Rationale behind climate scenario analysis selection 1.5°C Paris Ambition: Rapid transition to a economy with orderly emissions reductions and rapid consumer preference change. Enables us to test our business strategy against the most optimistic scenario from a perspective. Aligns with our target to be a net zero business from source to sale by 2040, aligned to guidance from The Climate Pledge and Race to Zero. Aligns with TCFD and IPCC1 recommendations to include a 2°C or lower scenario, with a 1.5°C scenario recommended as the ‘2°C or lower', aligning with the latest scientific research from the IPCC. This scenario represents the ‘worst case' / highest potential for transition risk for our business. >4°C No Policy: Reversal of emissions reductions and abolishment of climate policy leading to extreme warming. Enables us to test business strategy against the scenario from a physical risk perspective. This scenario was used in our qualitative analysis in 2022. 1. We used the IPCC Representative Concentration Pathways (RC

[truncated]