Disclaimer* M. P. Evans Group PLC 01 July 2026 M.P. Evans Group Plc (the "Company" or "M.P. Evans") Total Voting Rights In conformity with Rule 5.6.1 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company notifies the market that as at the date of this announcement, assuming settlement of shares (if any) purchased prior to the date of this announcement pursuant to the Company's share buyback programme announced 16 June 2026) the Company's issued share capital comprises 52,195,748 shares of 10p each ("Shares"). All of the Shares have equal voting rights and there are no Shares held in Treasury. This figure of 52,195,748 Shares represents the total voting rights in the Company and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. LEI number: 2138003IBXJUCR4SZG26 1 July 2026 Enquiries: M.P. Evans Group PLC Telephone: +44 (0) 1892 516333 Peter Hadsley-Chaplin, chairman Matthew Coulson, chief executive Luke Shaw, chief financial officer Cavendish Capital Markets (Nomad and joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson (Corporate finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (ECM) Canaccord Genuity Limited (Joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Henry Fitzgerald O'Connor, George Grainger Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett, Josh Royston, David Ison This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies M. P. Evans Group (MPE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Informa 16 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 28 minutes ago Hays 32 minutes ago Man Group 49 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and