Disclaimer* M. P. Evans Group PLC 05 October 2026 M.P. EVANS GROUP PLC ("M.P. Evans", "the Group", or "the Company") SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME The board of directors of M.P. Evans (the "Board") is pleased to announce that the Group is extending its share buyback programme, authorised by shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 12 June 2026, (the "Programme") which expired on 15 September 2026. The Programme will have a budget of up to £3 million to be used from the date of this announcement to buy back M.P. Evans' shares of 10 pence each ("Shares") in the market until 15 December 2026. At that time, the Board will consider a further extension to the Programme. The Board believes the Group is well positioned, supported by strong operational cash generation and a robust balance sheet. This provides an opportunity to repurchase Shares at advantageous levels, as part of its overall approach to capital allocation, which will focus on long-term value creation for shareholders. In order to implement the Programme, M.P. Evans has entered into an agreement with Cavendish Capital Markets Limited ("Cavendish") on the following basis: · Cavendish will manage the purchases on a discretionary basis, purchasing Shares within certain pre-set parameters and making its trading decisions independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Group. Purchases may therefore continue during any closed periods of the Group. · The Programme will operate under the authority granted to the Group by shareholders at the Group's most recent Annual General Meeting, held on 12 June 2026. · Any Shares purchased will be cancelled. · The Group has authorised this phase of the Programme to commence with immediate effect and will continue whilst it retains the authority from shareholders to repurchase Shares until 15 December 2026. · The Programme will be conducted in accordance with the safe harbour parameters as prescribed by MAR. Enquiries: M.P. Evans Group PLC Peter Hadsley-Chaplin - chairman Matthew Coulson - chief executive Luke Shaw - chief financial officer +44 (0)1892 516333 Cavendish Capital Markets Nomad and joint broker Matt Goode; George Lawson (corporate finance) Will Smith; Harriet Ward (ECM) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Canaccord Genuity Limited Joint broker Henry Fitzgerald-O'Connor; George Grainger +44 (0)20 7523 4500 Alma Strategic Communications Financial PR Rebecca Sanders-Hewett; Josh Royston; David Ison; Louisa El-Ahwal +44 (0)20 3405 0205 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies M. P. Evans Group (MPE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) 4 hours ago IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES REIT P IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES ORD SHS 5 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 5 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 5 hours ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and