Disclaimer* M. P. Evans Group PLC 03 July 2026 M.P. Evans Group Plc (the "Company" or "M.P. Evans") NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM M.P. Evans, a producer of sustainable Indonesian palm oil announces that on 1 July 2026 the Company was notified of the exercise of share options under the M.P. Evans Group PLC Long Term Incentive Scheme by K. Chandra Sekaran, a director of the Company. K. Chandra Sekaran exercised his share options over 3,000 shares of 10p each in the capital of the Company ("Shares") granted at nil cost per Share and due to expire by 31 December 2026. As a result of this exercise of options, K. Chandra Sekaran's attributable shareholding is now 171,331 Shares, representing approximately 0.33% of the Company's issued ordinary share capital. This award was satisfied out of Shares held by the Trustee of the M.P. Evans Group 2018 Employees' Benefit Trust. Therefore, the total number of Shares with voting rights in the Company remains at 52,190,734. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Group under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The notification below, provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further details. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name K. Chandra Sekaran 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name M.P.Evans Group PLC b) LEI 2138003IBXJUCR4SZG26 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Shares of 10 pence per share in M.P.Evans Group PLC ("Shares"). Identification code: ISIN GB0007538100 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options over Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Nil Volume(s) 3,000 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of transaction 1 July 2026 f) Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Enquiries: M.P. Evans Group PLC Tel: +44 (0) 1892 516333 Peter Hadsley-Chaplin, chairman Matthew Coulson, chief executive Luke Shaw, chief financial officer Cavendish Capital Markets (Nomad and joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson (Corporate finance) Tim Redfern, Harriet Ward (ECM) Canaccord Genuity Limited (Joint broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Henry Fitzgerald-O'Connor, George Grainger Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Tel: +44 (0)20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett, Josh Royston, David Ison This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies M. P. Evans Group (MPE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Informa 18 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 29 minutes ago Hays 34 minutes ago Man Group 50 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and