Disclaimer* M. P. Evans Group PLC 24 August 2026 M. P. EVANS GROUP PLC ("THE GROUP") PUBLICATION OF SUSTAINABILITY REPORT M.P. Evans Group PLC, a producer of sustainable Indonesian palm oil, is pleased to announce the publication of its 2025 Sustainability Report ("the Report"). The Report gives a comprehensive account of the Group's sustainability strategy, covering the progress made over the last year, and plans for the future. It deals with all aspects of environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") matters as well as giving full details of the Group's carbon reporting in accordance with the requirements of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD"). The Group is producing more certified sustainable palm oil than ever before, reducing carbon emissions in accordance with its net-zero ambitions, and working closely with smallholders and local communities around its operations in Indonesia. A copy of the Report is available to download from the sustainability section of the Group website (www.mpevans.co.uk/sustainability/sustainability-reports), and the Group has a limited number of printed copies available, which can be requested from the head office ( enquiries@mpevans.co.uk ). M.P. Evans Group PLC chief executive, Matthew Coulson commented on the publication of the report: "At M.P. Evans, we are proud of what we have achieved so far, and this new report demonstrates our ongoing commitment to responsible and sustainable operation. We continue to seek new opportunities and to implement new initiatives that will enable us to do even more in this area." Enquiries: M.P. Evans Group PLC Telephone: +44 (0) 1892 516333 Peter Hadsley-Chaplin, chairman Matthew Coulson, chief executive Luke Shaw, chief financial officer Cavendish Capital Markets (Nomad and joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson (Corporate finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (ECM) Canaccord Genuity Limited (Joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Henry Fitzgerald-O'Connor, George Grainger Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett, Josh Royston, David Ison About M.P. Evans M.P. Evans Group PLC is a responsible producer of certified sustainable crude palm oil, with plantations and mills in five Indonesian provinces: Aceh, Bangka Belitung, East Kalimantan, North Sumatra and South Sumatra. Demand for vegetable oil has increased steadily for several decades as populations and incomes have grown, and that demand is expected to continue increasing for the foreseeable future. Palm oil is the largest of the world's major vegetable oils, by volume and international trade, and it is the most efficient to produce. M.P. Evans has been investing in sustainable Indonesian palm oil for the long term, and has the operational excellence to deliver increasing returns from its high-quality estates and mills. M.P. Evans is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), the leading organisation for sustainable palm oil, and it develops and manages its plantations in adherence to its stringent social and environmental criteria. The Company was also awarded the Green Economy Mark by the London Stock Exchange in recognition of its sustainable practices and positive contribution to the global green economy. Headquartered in the UK, M.P. Evans' shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies M. P. Evans Group (MPE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Informa 17 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 28 minutes ago Hays 32 minutes ago Man Group 49 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and