Disclaimer* M. P. Evans Group PLC 10 September 2026 M.P. EVANS GROUP PLC ("M.P. Evans" or the "Company") ACQUISITION OF FURTHER HECTARAGE AT KOTA BANGUN M.P. Evans, a producer of sustainable Indonesian palm oil, is pleased to announce the acquisition of additional planted and plantable land to further extend its Kota Bangun project in East Kalimantan. On 8 September 2026, the Group's wholly owned subsidiary, PT Evans Indonesia, completed the acquisition of the Indonesian plantation company PT Kalimantan Wahana Berjaya ("KWB") for a total consideration of US$2.0 million. KWB has 776 hectares planted to oil palm, which require some amount of rehabilitation or replanting. Based on Group estimates, KWB has up to 450 hectares of additional land suitable for planting in accordance with environmental guidelines. At the same time as acquiring KWB, the Group's wholly owned subsidiary PT Nusantara Agro Sentosa has secured the initial land rights over an adjacent parcel of land of 3,600 hectares, known as Long Nah. Survey work performed in accordance with the Group's approach to responsible development indicates that approximately 2,000 hectares can be developed to oil palm there. As the Group works to rehabilitate, plant, and bring to maturity, the palms at both KWB and Long Nah, the total planted area at the Group's Kota Bangun project may expand by more than 3,000 hectares. Over time, the total investment in the new areas is expected to be US$20-25 million, representing a cost per planted hectare of approximately US$7-8,000. M.P. Evans Group PLC chief executive Matthew Coulson commented on the acquisition: "This new hectarage, close to our existing Kota Bangun project in East Kalimantan, provides a further source of long-term production growth. Its location means that crop from the new areas can be processed through the Group's existing mills, supporting our strategy of processing more of our own crop and making efficient use of our milling capacity." Enquiries M.P. Evans Group PLC Telephone: +44 (0) 1892 516333 Peter Hadsley-Chaplin, chairman Matthew Coulson, chief executive Luke Shaw, chief financial officer Cavendish Capital Markets (Nomad and joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson (Corporate finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (ECM) Canaccord Genuity Limited (Joint broker) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Henry Fitzgerald O'Connor, George Grainger Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Telephone: +44 (0) 20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett, Josh Royston, David Ison About M.P. Evans M.P. Evans Group PLC is a responsible producer of certified sustainable crude palm oil, with plantations and mills in five Indonesian provinces: Aceh, Bangka Belitung, East Kalimantan, North Sumatra and South Sumatra. Demand for vegetable oil has increased steadily for several decades as populations and incomes have grown, and that demand is expected to continue increasing for the foreseeable future. Palm oil is the largest of the world's major vegetable oils, by volume and international trade, and it is the most efficient to produce. M.P. Evans has been investing in sustainable Indonesian palm oil for the long term, and has the operational excellence to deliver increasing returns from its high-quality estates and mills. M.P. Evans is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), the leading organisation for sustainable palm oil, and it develops and manages its plantations in adherence to its stringent social and environmental criteria. The Company was also awarded the Green Economy Mark by the London Stock Exchange in recognition of its sustainable practices and positive contribution to the global green economy. Headquartered in the UK, M.P. Evans' shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies M. P. Evans Group (MPE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Informa 16 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 28 minutes ago Hays 32 minutes ago Man Group 49 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and