Barratt Redrow plc ShareBuyback Programme Barratt Redrow PLC 15 July 2025 BARRATT REDROW PLC Share Buyback Programme 15 July 2025 In its Trading Statement earlier today, Barratt Redrow plc (the " Company ") announced, in compliance with the EU and UK Market Abuse Regulations, that it will implement a programme to repurchase its ordinary shares of 10 pence each (the " Shares ") up to the value of £100 million in total (excluding expenses) to be completed no later than 30 June 2026 (the " Programme "). The Company has entered into an agreement with Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its investment bank (" Barclays "), under which it has issued instructions to Barclays to purchase up to £50 million (excluding expenses) of Shares during the period commencing 15 July 2025 and to be completed no later than 31 December 2025 (the " First Tranche "). Barclays will carry out the Company's instructions through the acquisition of the Shares in the Company for subsequent repurchase by the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, no repurchases will be made in respect of the Company's American Depositary Receipts. The purpose of the First Tranche is to reduce the capital of the Company, and it intends that the S hares purchased will be cancelled. Any share purchases will be made by the Company within certain pre-set parameters and in accordance with the general authority of the Company to repurchase shares granted by shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 23 October 2024 which, taking into account shares purchased subsequent to this meeting, permits the Company to purchase no more than 133,819,331 ordinary shares. Any share purchases effected by the Company will be in accordance with the EU and UK Market Abuse Regulations and UKLR 9. Barratt Redrow plc Mike Scott, Chief Financial Officer 01530 278 278 John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201 763 Media enquiries Tim Collins, Group Corporate Affairs Director 01530 278 278 Brunswick Jonathan Glass / Rosie Oddy 020 7404 5959 Barratt Redrow plc LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and