BETA Close X Barratt Redrow plc has confirmed that Dean Banks will officially commence his role as Group Chief Executive and Executive Director on September 21, 2026, succeeding David Thomas. David Thomas, who has served as Group Chief Executive for 11 years and with the Group for 17 years, will retire from the Board upon Mr. Banks' appointment but will remain with the company until March 2027 to facilitate a smooth transition. No further disclosures are required under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R concerning Dean Banks. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 26 June 2026 26 June 2026 Confirmation of Chief Executive Officer Start Date Following its announcement on 4 March 2026 that Dean Banks would succeed David Thomas as Group Chief Executive, Barratt Redrow plc ("Barratt Redrow" or the "Group") is pleased to confirm that Dean will join as Group Chief Executive and Executive Director with effect from 21 September 2026. As previously announced, David Thomas is retiring after 11 years as Group Chief Executive and 17 years with the Group. He will step down from the Board on Dean's appointment but will remain with the Group until March 2027, to ensure a smooth and orderly transition. There are no further disclosures required pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R in respect of Dean Banks. For further information, please contact: Barratt Redrow plc John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201 763 Media enquiries Tim Collins, Group Corporate Affairs Director 01530 278 278 Brunswick Rosie Oddy / Tom Pigott 020 7404 5959 www.barrattredrow.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Greggs 49 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and