BETA Close X Barratt Redrow PLC has announced its total voting rights and capital as of February 28, 2026. The company's issued share capital consists of 1,421,326,582 ordinary shares of 10p each, with an equal number of voting rights attached. No ordinary shares are held in treasury, meaning the total number of voting rights for disclosure purposes is 1,421,326,582. This information is crucial for shareholders calculating notification requirements under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 02 March 2026 BARRATT REDROW PLC (the "COMPANY") TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS AND CAPITAL In accordance with the UK Financial Conduct Authority Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1 the Company announces that as at 28 February 2026: The Company's issued share capital was 1,421,326,582 ordinary shares of 10p each, to which an equal number of voting rights are attached. None of these ordinary shares are held in Treasury. Accordingly, the total number of voting rights to be considered when calculating whether a notification in relation to the Company's shares is required pursuant to the Disclosure and Transparency Rules is 1,421,326,582. Any queries should be directed to: Contact Name: Kathryn Hudson (Company Secretary) Contact Telephone: 01530 278278 Notification Date: 02 March 2026 LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and