BETA Close X Barratt Redrow plc has completed the second tranche of its £100 million share buyback programme, having purchased 16,106,329 shares for a consideration of £50 million. This buyback, which aims to cancel the purchased shares, was executed by UBS AG London Branch on behalf of the company. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 08 May 2026 Barratt Redrow plc Completion of Second Tranche of Share Buyback Programme 8 May 2026 : Barratt Redrow plc (" Barratt Redrow ") announces that the second tranche of its £100 million share buyback programme (the "Share Buyback") announced on 5 January 2026 to purchase its shares for cancellation, has now completed. UBS AG London Branch, who undertook the second tranche of the Share Buyback on Barratt Redrow's behalf, purchased 16,106,329 shares for consideration of £50 million. Contacts John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201763 Kathryn Hudson, Group Company Secretary 01530 278278 LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Greggs 49 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and