BETA Close X Barratt Redrow PLC has amended a previous announcement regarding director shareholdings, correcting an administrative error in the number of shares purchased by Non-Executive Director Katie Bickerstaffe on March 6, 2026. The corrected purchase volume is 10,771 shares at £3.228 per share, an increase from the initially reported 5,789 shares. Following this transaction, Ms. Bickerstaffe now holds an interest in a total of 34,930 shares in the Company. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 25 August 2026 BARRATT REDROW PLC (the 'Company') The following amendment has been made to the 'Director/PDMR Shareholding' announcement released on 6 March 2026 at 12:34 under RNS number: 7220V. In relation to the shares acquired by Katie Bickerstaffe on 6 March 2026, the number of shares purchased was incorrectly stated due to administrative error and has been corrected from 5,789 to 10,771 shares. As at the date of this announcement, Katie Bickerstaffe has an interest in 34,930 shares in the Company. All other details remain unchanged, the full amended text is shown below. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Katie Bickerstaffe 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Amendment 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Barratt Redrow plc b) LEI 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10p ('Shares') ISIN: GB0000811801 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) 10,771 Shares at a price of £3.228 per Share d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of transaction XLON For further information, please contact: Kathryn Hudson, Company Secretary 01530 278278 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and