Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 21 September 2026 BARRATT REDROW PLC (the "COMPANY") CONFIRMATION OF FINAL DIVIDEND TIMETABLE Further to the FY26 results announcement made by the Company on 16 September 2026, the Company confirms the final dividend timetable. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2026 Annual General Meeting, a final dividend of 1.0 pence per ordinary share will be paid on 13 November 2026 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 9 October 2026. The ex-dividend date is 8 October 2026. The Company operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") and the deadline for elections in respect of this dividend is 23 October 2026. Contacts: Tel: Email: Kathryn Hudson +44 (0) 1530278278 kathryn.hudson@barrattredrow.co.uk Date of notification: 21 September 2026 Barratt Redrow plc LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and