Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 2026-06-26 08:36:12 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Wise Group It’s a quiet end to the week for corporate news but the cross border payments fintech Wise Group did publish full year numbers . These came in at the upper end of expectations with margins even managing to beat forecasts, which has been sufficient to see management launch a $500m+ share buyback. The Wise Group share price was up more than 6% in the first few minutes of trade. Barratt Redrow Shares in the housebuilder continued to extend their recent run of gains, with optimism over the arrival of a new CEO supporting sentiment. This morning the company confirmed Dean Banks would assume the role on 21 st September, whilst his predecessor will remain with the firm until next March to ensure an orderly transition. The Barratt Redrow share price was up 2% on the morning, taking gains for the week to 14%. Guardian Metals Resources The dual UK & US listed Tungsten exploration company has a market cap of more than £400m and this morning provided a market update . Detail is light, but the pre-feasibility study will be released on Tuesday, followed immediately by an investor presentation to discuss next steps. As a teaser, today’s note promises a significant development milestone for the project and an important step in the company's strategy to develop the first new domestically mined U.S. tungsten operation in over 15 years. The Guardian Metals share price was up almost 6% in early trade. Most read news on Investegate this morning ICSID Arbitration against the Republic of Tunisia - - Zenith Energy LTD.Com Shs NPV (DI) (ZEN) Direct Salary & 3rd Party Payments Capabilities - - Tap Global Group Plc (TAP) Fortuna reports voting results of its 2026 an... - - Fortuna Mining Corp Ord Shs (0QYM) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. Across The Markets: THG, Berkeley, SEGRO 24-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) , THG (THG) , SEGRO (SGRO) SEGRO shares jump as US peer eyes hostile takeover, Berkeley finds support as softer results land in line with expectations and early gains from THG’s trading update prove difficult to sustain. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and