BETA Close X Barratt Redrow plc announces the appointment of Rebecca Napier as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director, effective August 3, 2026. Napier brings extensive experience from her previous roles as CFO of Britvic plc and her 17-year tenure at IAG plc, including as CFO of British Airways. The company highlights her proven ability to lead through complexity and challenging markets, emphasizing her capital markets experience as critical for building on the benefits of the Barratt and Redrow combination and creating sustainable shareholder value. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 19 June 2026 19 June 2026 Barratt Redrow plc Appointment of Chief Financial Officer Barratt Redrow plc (the "Group") today announces the appointment of Rebecca Napier as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and Executive Director of the Group. Rebecca will join Barratt Redrow with effect from 3 August 2026. Rebecca is an experienced business leader with a strong track record across finance, strategy, investor relations, transformation and performance. Most recently CFO of Britvic plc until its acquisition by Carlsberg Group in 2025, she previously spent 17 years at IAG plc, including as CFO of British Airways. Rebecca began her career at Deloitte, having qualified as a Chartered Accountant. Caroline Silver, Chair of Barratt Redrow, said: "On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Rebecca to Barratt Redrow. She brings a proven ability to lead through complexity, change and challenging markets. As we near completion of the integration of Barratt and Redrow, Rebecca's energy, discipline and capital markets experience will be critical in helping us to build on the benefits of the combination and create sustainable value for shareholders." Rebecca Napier said: "I am excited to be joining Barratt Redrow at an important time for the Group and for the UK housing sector. Barratt Redrow is the industry-leading housebuilder with three trusted brands, a strong balance sheet and an excellent land pipeline supporting a clear focus on delivering high-quality homes and places for customers and communities. I look forward to working with colleagues across the business to support disciplined execution and drive long-term value for customers, communities and shareholders." For further information, please contact: Barratt Redrow plc John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201 763 Media enquiries Tim Collins, Group Corporate Affairs Director 01530 278 278 Brunswick Rosie Oddy / Tom Pigott 020 7404 5959 www.barrattredrow.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Greggs 49 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and