Barratt Redrow

FRIDAY

A25

it

Annual Report and Accounts 2025

iM

'AEGS67T5"
05/12/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

#38

Company number 00604574

j

Inside this report

Strategic Report

1
3
9
12
1%
20
22
26
29
40
4
42
a7

48
51

59
66
1%
83

ont cor aro Hone 2 Prmcnder. ud leon Hone natu Pukanadovs Weaseaaen age.

Business summary
‘What makes us different

‘Sustainable growth plan

Chair's Statement

Marketplace

Business model

Key performance indicators

Chief Executive's Statement

Strategic priorities

Building sustainably

Charitable giving

Our people

Non-financial and sustainability

information statement

Section 172 Statement

‘Stakeholder engagement

Chief Financial Officer's Review

Risk management

‘Sustainability-related risks and opportunities
Viability Statement

‘strategic Report

Governance _—_—Financial Statements

Governance

86 Board of Directors and Company Secretary

89 Executive Committee

90 Corporate Governance Report

101 Nomination and Governance Committee Report
1M Audit and Risk Committee Report

122 Safety, Health and Environment Committee Report
124 Remuneration Report

149 Other statutory disclosures

151 _ Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

View more online

Read more et barratredron.couk

Download accessible POF

Financial Statements

183 Independent Auditor's Report

162 Consolidated income Statement and Statement
‘of Comprehensive Income

163 Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity - Group

164 Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity - Company

165 Balance Sheets

166 CashFlow Statements

168 Notes to the Financial Statements

226 Definitions of alternative
performance measures (APMs) and
reconciliation to IFRS (unaudited)

231 Aggregated comparative information (unaudited)

232 _ Five-year record (unaudited)

234 GHGemissions restatements

237 Glossary

239 Integrated reporting approach

240 Group advisers and Company information

Alternative performance measures

Inaddition to the Group using a variety of statutory performance
measures it also measures performance using alternative
performance measures (APM), Definitions ofthe APMs and
‘econciiations to the equivalent statutory measures are detailed
‘on pages 226 to 230. The definition of net cashis includedin
note 18 to the Financial Statements.

How to use this report
Readmore

Discover online

Business summary

Who we are

Our purpose

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Making sustainable living a reality, building strong communities.

Barratt Rodrow ple AnnualReport andAccounts 20251

Our strategic priorities

Delivering a best-in-class
customer offering

Driving operational
efficiency through

differentiated brands.

Using capital effectively to
drive growth

4

Readmore onpages 291038

Leading the industry
in sustainability

Our values ‘Read more on page 95, Our sustainability framework Readmore onpage 40
Nature Places People
We do it for We do it right Wedoittogether | Wemake
our customers ithappen
What makes us different
Customer focus Three leading brands Partner of choice Diverselandchannels _ Financial strength

Read more on page 4

Readmore.onpages.

Read more on pages

Readmore onpage7

Readmore onpages

2 Barratt Redrow ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025 StrategicReport Governance ——_—Financial Statements

Business summary continued

A strong foundation

The combination of Barratt, David Wilson and Redrow has strengthened our position as the UK's
leading national sustainable housebuilder for build quality and customer service.

Our housebuilding brands Our enabling brands Completions by region
Scotland
1,544
2024: 1,613
Completions by customer type Completions by brand
2,776
\ 2024: 2.73
‘Tractona arate oa Barat 0% sore fast
aditionl va rrattHomes a
Parteschange 1% Dana wison 3% 3,411 3,415
PRS Ent ales Recrom 2%
torsble wx 2024: 2,652 2024: 2.962

Awards and recognition in 2025

West
20261588
London and Southern
sstercustomer sne@cerdontneoo ——_supler cmate-A cess rs 3,383
satstacton orcs erethonany gegen 2 sonst tnetth
eirertosebu' oF ‘cous ciate rorete=8 coneteyer 2026:2.06

2iconeecutive years

StrategieReport Governance ——_—Financial Statements Barratt Redrow ple Annual Report ang Accounts 2025

What makes us different

Uniquely positioned
for sustainable growth

Our purpose is to make sustainable living a reality and build strong communities. We consider this to be vital for the
country’s future to address the ongoing under-supply of new housing. We are well positioned to grow responsibly to
deliver strong, long-standing and environmentally friendly communities across Great Britain.

3

What makes us different

Customer focus Three leading brands Partner of choice Diverse land channels Financial strength

Our achieverents in service and Throughourbrandswecancater __—‘Strongcommunitiesrequire strong Wehave cultivated multiple, Our size and robust balance sheet

‘bull quality are unparalleled, toa wider range of customers, relationships. Our ciose ties with ‘innovative land channels, unlocking _gveus the capability toinvest in

providing anexperience andproduct _accessllarger developments. and partners across the value chain ‘new development opportunitieson growth whilst continuing to deliver

‘that put the customer frst. reduce time on site to complete ‘ensure delivery for all stakeholders. greenfield and brownfield landin Shareholder returns.
developments more efficiently ‘communities that need them.

Reaamore on page 4 Readmore on pages Resdmereonpage Reasmere onpege? Reaamoreon pages

Sustainable growth towards 22,000 total home completions in the medium term

Read more on pages 8011

4 Barratt Redrow ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2025 StrategicReport Governance

What makes us different continued

Customer
focus

Our unwavering commitment to our customers
underpins our reputation and is why independent
benchmarks continue to recognise our quality,
service and customer satisfaction.

HBF 5 Star rating

5 Star

For 16 consecutive years over
90% of our customershave
said they'd recommends to
family and friends in the HBF's
customer satisfaction survey,
anunparalleled achievement
inthe industry.

NHBC Pride in the Job

115

ur site managers have won
‘more NHBC Pride in the Job
‘awards than any other
housebuilder - the 2ist
consecutive year they have
achieved this feat.

Financial Statements

Lifestyle range

Our lifestyle range isa selection of three-
bedroom Redrow house types which provide
increased bedroom space and adaptability
Based on house types from the mainHeritage
collection, these homes have three bedrooms
‘on the footprint of four-bedroom homes,
each with an en suite.

These homes are hugely popular with
ownsizers seeking greater space to enjoy
within their home whilst providing space for

family and friends to stay. Downsizers Katrina
and Tony, who moved into a lifestyle home at
‘our Woodford Garden Village development
said: ‘We saw the houses and we fell in love
with them..When we've got family round
there's plenty of space”

Tohear more romour customers st
Barratt Redrow: Customer sores

nage: kaen ea Tanyin oe roma naan Vg

What makes us different continued

‘StrategicReport Governance.

Financial Statements

Barratt Redrow ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our three differentiated brands

Careful deployment of our brands allows us to reach more potential customers across a wide selection of house types.

First-time buyers and young families
Barratt Homes provides homes at excellent value that

‘maximise space, ideal for those entering the housing market
for the first-time and young families.

8,008 £2.3bn

totalhomecompletions revenue

age favo Homes tRogronGardosinteson

The benefits of multi-branding

Access toa wider

customer base

Having more differentiated brands and a
wider product range on our sites attracts
allarger audience of potential homebuyers,
‘to our developments.

Viability of larger
sites unlocked

The ability to accelerate both the build and
sales processes increases the viability of
larger sites by compensating for the increases
Upfront investment required

Mover-uppers and growing families
David Wilson Homes, with its larger properties and

high-quality fixtures and fittings. is well suited to those
looking to make their next move up the housing ladder,

crtose wt growang fais
5,037 £1.8bn

totalnomecompletions revenue

sna: cove Ween Homes st hace Pucln shen

Time on site
greatly reduced

‘and operating efficiency,

Our experience shows that building multiple
brands simultaneously quickens the sell
through of homes, greatly reducing the
‘overall time and associated overheads
neededon the site, benefiting both capital

Premium purchasers and downsizers
Redrow offers @ premium product with aistinctive arts and
crafts architecture and a wide range of choices and optional
extras. Ithas great appeal to those looking for an executive

3,520 £1.5bn

totalhome completions’ _ revenue

1 Conpetran be poraa ses equine 2A,

Improved ROCE
‘The combination of improved capital ang
operational etficiency improves ROCE and
accelerates cash generation

Formoreinformation on the benefits
‘of mut-brancing vst Barratt Redrow:
‘The benefits of multiple brands

6

tt Rearow ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025 ‘StrategicReport Governance ——_—Financial Statements

What makes us different continued

Partner

of choice

Our strong relationships throughout the value chain give us
insight, flexibility and resilience, supporting our long-term growth.

The West London Partnership
“The West London Partnershipis Transport for
London’ largest partnership to date through its
property arm Places for London. Through it we
plan to detiver over 4,000 homes over the next
‘decade. The Bollo Lane developmentis the first
project to be announced by the partnership.

Benefits for Barratt Redrow

‘Transport for Londons one of the capital's
largest landowners. The partnership gives us
access to underutlised land, such as the Bollo
Lane development, and the opportunity to work
with a partner who also places high importance
on sustainability.

Benefits for our customers

Bollo Lane will deliver c. 50% affordable housing
‘as well as two on-site gardens and highly
efficient buildings will generate lower energy
bills for residents, The wider community will
benefit from the creation of anew public square
‘and community garden on land that was
previously inaccessible to the public.

‘Towatcn our partner of,
choie timvst Barat
Recrow Parner of Choice

RSPB

Barratt has been engaged in partnership with
the RSPB since 2014. The advice and expertise
provided by the RSPB ensure that developments
incorporate as many biodiverse features as
possible, and it will be supporting us in the
development of new Species Enhancement
Plans from summer 2025.

Benefits for Barratt Redrow

By partnering with the RSPB we can gain expert
knowiedge, helping us to progress our on-site
biodiversity targets and providing innovation
‘opportunities for both parties

Benefits for our customers

‘The advice gained through our collaboration
helps to produce better developments for both
wildlife and people. Together, we also provide
‘customers with tips, advice and expert quides
tohelp them create gardens that they and local
wildlife can enjoy.

75%

of consumers feelitis important to consider
nature access when purchasing ahome

‘suse: notperaent seen cosy Sart eran
‘Sindacabysoanta fener 20% wns Somes ae,

MADE Partnership

‘The MADE Partnership isa joint venture
between Barratt Redrow, Homes England

‘and Lloyds Banking Group. MADE is a uniquely
positioned master developer and aims to
Create the best new places and towns where
‘people will aspire to live. This means
‘thoughtful placemaking and plenty of public
‘and green spaces, alongside community
infrastructure. it will use its distinct offer,
‘expertise and funding to enable new towns
‘and support local authorities with large-scale
development of thousands of homes

‘over the coming decades.

Each partner brings its own skis and

expertise. Barratt Redrow brings experience
‘and capabiltiesin and assembly, placemaking

and project development; Lloyds Banking
‘Group has a long-standing and comprehensive
‘commitment to help deliver the country’s
housing need both as.a provider of capital
{and an investor in the private rental sector;
‘and Homes England has the ability to
harness Government agencies tohelp align
interests, unlock potential obstacles and
drive development,

‘The partnership won ‘Dealof the Year
(vp to£200m)" at the 2025 RES! Awards,

with the judges commenting that: “This
unique collaboration combines expertise in
housebuilding, financing and Government
policy to unlock and accelerate complex
residential projects, potentially revolutionising
master development”

erent mtn

What makes us different continued

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Diverse land channels

Our multiple land acquisition channels allow us to select the best opportunities in the market.

Land bank plots at 29 June 2025

Barratt Redrow ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Gladman

Gladmanis the countryslargestland
‘promotion business, witha controlled
portfolio of 13,940 potential plots. Giedman
operates at arms length from the Barratt

7

Redraw homebuilding operations and provides
sites with planning permission toboth Barratt
Redrow and the wider housebulding industry.

| ge tncen sates cere cnsuetgemy scion Geran Pan tana InFY25 Gladman sold 3,755 plots on behalf of

‘Onnes and controteatand bank plots

Current land bank

ur target land bank lengthis 35 years ona
trailing basis, with a further 1 year of controlled
lend. Our current land bank size, totaling
108,855 plots at 29 June 2028, is sufficient to
support growth to 22,000 total home
‘completions in the medium term. As such, we
‘can maintain our disciplined approach to
selective land buying in the open market, whilst
Utilising our additional land channels. to unlock
and acquire high-quality sites that will
complement our existing land bank over the
coming years

Strategic land

We have. over many years, developed
substantial strategic land bank which stands

at 145,043 potential plots. We are optimistic
about the Government's proposed planning
reforms which would give us a significantly
‘enhanced opportunity to bring forward strategic
sites into the planning system.

108,655

Svrategiclanabank plots

145,043

itslandowner partners, of which 268 were
secured by Barratt Redrow, following 2
‘competitive tender. Asaresultof the

Government's planning reforms, Gladmanhas,

increased the number of promotional sites

being submittedinto the planning system. in
cxder to delve a growing portfoloof curent

land plots for sale. Gladmanis able to offer
their expertise to assist Barratt Redrow to
Identify reenold strategic land for purchase.

at Redrow ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2025,

What makes us different continued

Financia
strength

Our financial strength allows us to invest
in growth and deliver strong returns to
shareholders through every stage of the cycle.

Medium-term financial priorities

(ur strong balance sheet gives us the foundation to invest, grow and generate attractive returns
‘through the following medium-term financial priorities:

Synergy delivery

‘The acquisition of Redrow has.
provided the opportunity for
cost and revenue synergies. In
FY25, our cost synergies target
was increased from £90mto,
£100m, with £20m of cost
‘synergies delivered in FY25
profits witha further benefit
ofc. £45mexpected in FY26.

Revenue synergies reflect the
Creation of 4S incremental
sales outlets through FY28,
‘of which Shave already
achieved planning consent
at the year end, accelerating
‘sales, unlocking margin
improvement and improving
‘ourland bank efficiency and
asset turn.

Sustainable growth

(Our 32homebuilding divisions
have the capacity and
capabilities to deliver 22,000
total home completions in
the medium term,

Driving volume recovery will
improve fixed cost efficiency,
‘supporting improvement in
profitability and cash
‘generation, thereby
‘enhancing our financial
strength. Our commitment to
industry leadership in both
build quality ang customer
service will remain steadfast.

StrategicReport Governance

Margin improvement

‘Our gross marginhas been
affected in recent years
by the sharp increase
inbuild costs, lower home
completion volumes and
increased sales incentives.
However, disciplined land
buying, stable build costs,
accelerating home
completion volumes and
synergy delivery will help
usto improve our gross.
‘margin to 20% or more in
the medium term.

Financial Statements,

Capital allocation priorities
We have three main capital allocation
Priorities: maintaining a strong balance
sheet: investing to both improve and grow
our business: and delivering attractive
shareholder returns

‘Astrong balance sheet gives us the
foundation to invest, grow and generate
attractive returns. Our aims tonoldnet
‘average cash throughout the year, make
Use of land creditors and be mindful of other
‘medium-term financial commitments.

Investing to improve and grow our business
includes our ongoing commitment to maintain
‘our land bank at a level to support our goal

to deliver 22,000 total home completions in
‘the medium term, as well as other initiatives.
‘centred on improving security of supply and
innovation for our business over the long term.

‘our commitment to delivering
attractive shareholder returns remains
unchanged. We are continually reviewing
the most appropriate way to do this and
consulting our shareholders in the process
In February 2025 we announced that, from
FY26, we will commence a share buyback
programme under which the intention is to
buyback at least £100m annually in addition
toa revised annual dividend based on
adjusted earnings, before adjustments to
present acquired Redrow assets and
liabilities at their fair value, at 2.0 times
dividend cover. Of the share buyback
programme, a £50m first tranche was
executed in the second half of FY25,

Ongoing share buyback
programme of at least

£100m
mine etme

mage: Ove Tames spntingat Comsoy eet

Sustainable growth plan

Sustainab

Growth is important to us but maintaining our
high quality and customer service standards

is key. Volume growth will come from organic
growth through the opening of multi-branded
sites to leverage our three differentiated brands.
‘We will utilise our high-quality land bank to
deliver c. 500 outlets in the medium term.

Redrow integrat
‘The integration of Redrow into the business is progressing well
We have completed our office network rationalisation, with six
divisional offices now closed and three are in the process of
Closing, with our 32 remaining divisions capable of delivering
22,000 homes per annum. A collective consultation process was
‘completed across head office functions in summer 2025,

‘The process of aligning IT systems has also begun. The intial
pilot completed in July 2025 and the programme to align
remaining divisions is expected to complete by the end of FY26.

‘The 4S identified revenue synergy sales outlets are also progressing
well, with planning submitted on 16 incremental outlets at the year
end. These developments were originally intended to be single or
<dual-branded sales outlets but. following the acquisition, will now
bbe dual or triple branded, adding the Redrow brand onto Barratt
Homes and David Wilson Homes sites, and vice versa,

Cost synergies achieved in the financial year to 29 June 2025
were £20m, ahead of the £10m forecast at the time of completing
the transaction. Confirmed cost synergies at the year end stood
‘at £69m, comfortably on track to meet our £100m target.

StrategicReport. Governance _—_—~Financial Statements

Medium-term growth plan

ur medium-term goalis to deliver 22,000 total nome completions
2 year Todothis. we planto crease our outiets from 407 nF¥25
tobetween 475.nd325inthe medium term. The 4S revenue
Synergy sales outlets willhelpus to achieve our targets,

We are not anticipating any material improvement in market
conditions, and we are assuming our sales rate stays largely
unchanged on that reported in FY25. The planning reforms.
‘announced by Government should allow new land opportunities.
to flow through the system more predictably, with fewer
unnecessary delays and greater visibility once the reforms
scheduled for enactment in autumn 2025 come into force.

We are extremely proud of our service and quality credentials,
{andit is imperative tous that these are maintained as we grow
our business (see page 2)

We're confident in our ability to deliver our medium-term growth
targets and the level of annual growth this requires. We have the
<Givisional infrastructure in place and, based on the planning
reforms progressing through Parliament, are confident in our
ability to deliver our medium-term growth targets.

Sales outlet evolution FY26-FY29

15

FY26 WaT FY28 FY23

Pre-synergy sales outets
Incremental ses outets through revenue synergies

att Redrow ple AnnualReport and Accounts 20259

le growth plan

Margin enhancement

We are committed to growing our volumes, whilst continuing
toimprove our gross margin over the medium term,

‘Our gross margin has been markedly impacted in recent years
by build cost inflation of around 35% since 2020, volume decline
reflecting the changed affordability backdrop, and the increased
Use of sales incentives to help support our volumes. Our current
embedded land bank gross margin stands at 19.2%. As we work
through the land bank and replace plots developed with more
recently purchased land, as well as accelerating volume growth
‘and unlocking synergies, we expect to see gross margin rise to
‘over 2096 in the medium term.

(ur current land acquisition hurdle rate is 23% gross margin and
‘once cost synergies have been unlocked, particularly those in
relation to procurement, with a direct impact on our build costs,
‘this hurdle rate will ncrease to 24%. This will ensure we capture,
‘and then continue to benefit from, the synergies delivered by
the acquisition.

We also hold significant strategic land bank which we will
increasingly draw upon as the planning system improves and as
we increase our home completion volumes. When we agree an
option contract on a strategic land development, a discount to
‘market value is typically agreed with the landowner This discount
to market value creates a reduced land bank piot cost, which
enhances the gross margin on outlets sourced in this way.

10 Barratt Redrow ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2025

Sustainable growth plan continued

Lead the industry in sustainability

Our sustainability framework (page 40) ensures that
sustainabilty remains a key part of our growth plan. Through it
‘we generate fong-term sustainable benefits forthe business and
‘wider society

We are responding to the UK's housing shortage, developing
high-quality and sustainable homes and communities that
deliver a better quality of lfe. Over 99% of our homes are Aor B
rated for energy efficiency meaning running costs are more
affordable, and we deliver high-quality landscaping and natural
‘spaces within our developments.

‘This helps support our position as a partner of choice (see page
6) and supports our reputation, trust and engagement with
communities, downers and planning teams.

We integrate climate resilience and energy efficiency into our
homes, reducing carbon emissions and safeguarding against
future risks. Innovation helps us future proof our homes against
‘changing climate, keeping us ahead of regulatory changes and
‘customer expectations and opening up growth opportunities.

We have a track record of delivering cost reductions on site by
driving down operational waste. We reduced construction waste
er 100m? of housebuild equivalent area by 44 7% from FY20 to
Y24, and will apply the learnings from this to reduce waste across
‘the newly combined group as our output grows,

We are committed to sharing innovation and research outcomes,
data and best practice. Our concept homes, most recently, Zed
House and Energy House 2.0, have created a blueprint for the
‘sector on how to build the zero carbon, energy and water
efficient homes that the country needs. Itis crucial that we take
‘our suppliers along with us: we have been awarded leadership
status in the CDP Climate Supplier Engagement assessment

for building capabilities with our supply chain partners,

‘As we work towards meeting critical net zero targets, itis vital
‘that we do this sina fair and transparent way. We are working
with our partners to ensure workers in our supply chain are
‘treated fairy (find out more on page 46) and we are providing
relevant training and career pathways both within andinto our
business (see page 43)

StrategicReport Governance —Financal Statements

rag: On Wen Near Pac cepmantn cle

Free energy homes

We have teamed up with British Gas to

deliver homes with free energy on our David
Wilson Homes Pastures Place development

in Lincolnshire.

The trial will see ten homeowners pay no energy bills on their
‘homes for two years in return for sharing data on the use of
their home and its eco-technology. The data from the trial
homes willbe analysed by the partners, as well as scientists

at the University of Salford, whichis renowned for its expertise
in researching low carbon homes.

‘We will also be able to share the data with leading surveyors
‘and mortgage lenders to help them understand the impact on
valuation and the link to green mortgages that better reflect
‘the higher disposable income that homeowners might have
from living in a more energy-efficient home,

‘The homes’ eco technology is provided by Hive - the UK's
largest eco-tech brand, Hive's intelligent Energy Management.
Uses software to control smart devices that are connected to
the grid. This will optimise customers’ air source heat pumps,
maximum-fit solar panels and batteries, smart sensors and
lights. It can help to ensure more of ahome's energy needs are
‘met from the energy generated from a home or help touse
‘more energy when the grids quieter and can deliver greener
‘and cheaper energy,

Ifthe trials successful, it could mark the startof awider
roll-out at a time when energy bills are on average higher than,
they have historically been.

Ifahome generates more electricity than a consumer uses,
they can, after the two-year tral, sell the extra energy through
‘the Smart Export Guarantee (SEG). Customers will continue to
‘see low bill, with those generating more electricity than they
use, achieving zero bills or earning money,