Making sustainable
living a reality, building barat Desopments PLC
strong communities

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Company number 00604574

THURSDAY

4

Inside this report

Strategic Report

1 Our purpose

2 Our values

3 Chair's Statement

5 Investment case

6 Redrow acquisition

8 Our business at a glance

10 Business model

12 Key performance indicators

16 Marketplace

22° Chief Executive's Statement

39 Expansion of Oregon

40 Building sustainably

45. Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

46 Section 172 Statement

50 Stakeholder engagement

58 Chief Financial Officer's Review

63 Risk management

71 Sustainability-related risks and opportunities

85

ility Statement

Governance

89
93
94
102
n2
121

123
146
148

Board of Directors and Company Secretary
Executive Committee

Corporate Governance Report

Nomination Committee Report

‘Audit and Risk Committee Report

Safety, Health and Environment
Committee Report

Remuneration Report

Other statutory disclosures

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial Statements

180 Independent Auditor's Report

159 Consolidated Income Statement and
‘Statement of Comprehensive Income

160 Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity - Group

161 Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity - Company

162 Balance Sheets

163 Cash Flow Statements

165 Notes to the Financial Statements

210 Definitions of alternative
performance measures and
reconciliation to IFRS (unaudited)

212 Five-year record (unaudited)

214 Glossary

217 Integrated reporting approach

218 Group advisers and Company information

How to use this report

Read more

Discover online

View more online

Read more at barrattdevelopmente.co.uk

Download accessible POF

Alternative performance measures

In addition to the Group using a variety of statutory
performance measures it also measures performance
using alternative performance measures (APMS)
Definitions of the APMs and reconciliations to the
equivalent statutory measures are detailed on pages 210
and 211. The definition of net cash is included in note 17
to the Financial Statements,

Fret ever toga, yest =a

Strategic Report Governance _Financial Statements

Our purpose

Making sustainable
living a reality, building
strong communities

We are well positioned to make a positive contribution to
society by delivering sustainable homes that are needed
across the country. We have proven to be resilient over the
past year and will continue to lead the future of housebuilding
for customers.

We will continue to achieve our purpose by living by our values
that drive day-to-day decision making.

sues on page 2

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Our values

Financial Statements

Living our values

Whether we are facing day-to-day challenges or looking to the
future, our values guide us on how we behave and how we will
continue to achieve our purpose.

We do it for
our customers

We always put our customers first and
do everything we can to help them on
their home ownership journey.

193% of our customers said they
would recommend us to a friend in
the latest annual HF National New
Homes Customer Satisfaction Survey.
We have a 5-star rating for customer
satisfaction, and are the only major
housebuilder to be awarded this
accolade for 18 years in a row.

93%

of our customers said they would
recommend Barratt to a friend

We do it right

We always act with honesty and
integrity, and work hard to get our
homes right first time,

‘The NHBC undertakes independent
inspections at five stages of the
home building process and we
have delivered the lowest rate of
Reportable Items out of all the
‘major UK housebuilders for the
past five years.

0.13

Reportable Items in FY24, the lowest
rate out of all major UK housebuilders

2 Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

We do it together

We are committed to nurturing a
diverse workforce that reflects the
communities where we operate,
which is key to developing the next
generation of leaders.

Initiatives such as our dignity and
respect training programme and
balanced recruitment shortlists aim to
ive people from all backgrounds the
chance to succeed in the industry.

6

employee networks celebrating our
diverse identities and collaborating
towards our shared success

We make it happen

We are proud of the great legacy we
are creating and are taking the lead
delivering excellence in housebuilding.

Reducing waste drives efficiency
and reduces our impact on the
environment. By introducing dedicated
waste managers and improving our
waste monitoring, we are continuing
to reduce the construction waste
generated by our sites,

45%

reduction in construction waste
intensity since FY20

Strategic Report Governance

Chair's Statement

Financial Statements

Making a positive
contribution to society by
delivering sustainable homes

Caroline Silver
Chair

Since taking over as Chair

on 30 June 2023, | have met
many of our stakeholders,
including employees, customers,
shareholders, supply chain
partners and sub-contractors.

It is evident that we have a strong culture and a desire
to ensure colleagues can develop to their full potential
within a diverse, safe and inclusive workplace and we are
fully committed to delivering high-quality homes to our
customers whilst protecting the environment.

Colleagues across the business are passionate and helped
in the development and launch earlier this year, of our
new purpose: "Making sustainable living a reality, bullding
Strong communities". Our new purpose is also supported
by refreshed values which reflect the ever-changing needs
of our stakeholders, the environment and our desire 10
(ead the future of housebuilding Input was also sought
from external stakeholders to help shape Our new purpose
and values.

For mora deta ee pages tand2
Our performance
Barratt has delivered a solid operational performance over the
past 12 months, tthe upper end of our expectations against a
tough trading backdrop encompassing poltical, economic and
interest rate instability. Importantly, we have done so whist
maintaining our industry-leading quality, customer service
and sustainability performance

Our balance sheet remains strong, with net cash of
£868.5m, and provides the financial strength and flexibility
to ensure we can manage and deliver the optimal integration
of the Redrow business, whilst maintaining a positive and
proactive approach to organic growth opportuni

| am incredibly proud of the external recognition we have
received over the past 12 months:

+ We were awarded the Home Builders Federation (HBF)
five-star status for the 15th year in a row, making us the
only national housebuilder to have achieved this.

+ Our site managers secured 89 NHBC Pride in the Job
awards, again more than any other housebuilder for a
record 20th year.

+ We maintained our position as the only UK housebuilder

fon the CDP Climate Change A List for Leadership, one of
fewer than 365 companies worldwide.

Sustainability

We have continued to deliver against our Building Sustainably
framework which is designed to drive positive change for
nature, places and people. This is enabling us to drive
innovation, reduce costs and enhance our competitiveness.

Please

pages 40 to 44 for further detail

‘The housebuilding industry's impact on climate change
makes it imperative that we continually scrutinise and
challenge the ways in which we operate and reduce our
environmental impact. The successful opening of our new
‘Oregon Timber Frame manufacturing facility near Derby has
significantly expanded our capacity to build more homes
using timber frame and will help towards meeting the
requirements of the Future Homes Standard and reduce
on-site labour requirements. it will also deliver benefits to
the environment by reducing the embodied carbon used

in build, and through thermal efficiency, reduce emissions
generated when the home is occupied.

‘More information on our new Oregon factory can be found on page 38

Industry collaboration

|Lam also pleased that Barratt is playing a leading role in the
Future Homes Hub with David Thomas, our Chief Executive,
chairing the organisation. The Future Homes Hub is enabling
collaboration between Government, housebuilders, supply
chain partners, mortgage providers, valuers and planners to
deliver both the country's legislated targets to 2050 and our
own carbon emission reduction targets to 2040.

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 20283

Strategic Report Governance

Chair's Statement continued

ort anes Mab ora
We do it together

Better together

We believe the acquisition
of Redrow plc is beneficial to all
our stakeholders and enhances our
investment case.

Aligned on values
We share the same values, centred on delivering
excellent build quality, customer service and leading
the industry's sustainability journey.

Addressing a wider market

‘Through our complementary brands and house type
anges, we will be able to offer greater customer
choice and design variety across our developments.

Accelerating delivery
Through our combined land banks and both the depth

and strength of our management teams, we will be
positioned to accelerate growth in new housing delivery.

Read more on pages 6 and 7

‘See more about the benefits of the Combination
at worm barratdevelopments co.uk!
Investors/barratt-redrow

4 Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Financial Statements

Board changes
Nigel Webb joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director in
October 2023, bringing a wealth of property, construction
and land experience to the Board.

Subject to obtaining CMA clearance of the Redrow acquisition,
Matthew Pratt, Geeta Nanda and Nicky Dutieu will join the
Board in the coming months. Matthew will join as Chief
Executive Officer, Redrow and Group Executive Director. Geeta
and Nicky will join as independent Non-Executive Directors.

For details on the composition and diversity ofthe Board, please see
page 102

Shareholder returns

‘The Board paid an interim dividend for FY24 of 4.4 pence
per share (FY23: interim dividend 10.2 pence per share) and
is pleased to recommend a final FY24 dividend of 118 pence
per share (F¥23: final dividend of 23.5 pence per share) in
line with our dividend policy of maintaining cover at 1.75
times adjusted earnings per share. Subject to shareholder
approval. the final dividend will be paid on 1 November 2024
to shareholders on the register at the close of business

on 27 September 2024. The total proposed dividend for
FY24, including the interim dividend, is 16.2 pence per

share (FY23: 33,7 pence per share) - lower than last

year reflecting the reduction in adjusted basic earnings

per share.

The Board regularly reviews its capital allocation approach.
With the Redrow acquisition completed, but CMA clearance
outstanding, we will assess the capital requirements for
the enlarged group taking into account current market
conditions. our obligations with respect to building safety
and our desire to be active in the land market. We will
provide an update on our policy along with our first half
results in February 2025. .

CMA Market Study and CMA investigation
The CMA completed its Housing Market Study and issued
its final report in February 2024. The CMA drew clear and
fale conclusions on how the planning system has negatively
impacted the housebuilding industry and its detrimental
impact on new housing delivery across the country over
successive decades.

(On 26 February 2024, the CMA also launched an
investigation into suspected breaches of competition
law, relating to the exchange of competitively sensitive
information by eight housebuilders, including Barratt and,
Redrow. This investigation remains in its early stages and
\we continue to co-operate with the CMA

The future

The housing market faces ongoing challenges. The current
interest rate environment continues to impact mortgage
affordability and the ability of many first-time buyers to
unlock mortgage qualification through deposit savings.
There also remain uncertainties around the speed and
scale of future economic, employment and earnings growth,
which will be key determinants on the future direction

of consumer confidence and spending. We welcome the
policy changes proposed by the new UK Government which
‘suggest a real commitment to unlock the planning system,
drive national targets for housebuilding growth and support
the industry in delivering the homes across all tenures the
country so desperately needs.

‘The Board recognises that it needs to manage Barratt
through what may be another challenging year for the
market, whilst delivering a smooth, efficient and effective
integration of the Redrow business once CMA clearance
has been obtained. We remain focused on managing the
risks and challenges within our control, whilst ensuring we
are in the best possible position to create long-term value
for all our stakeholders. Our operating disciplines, forward
‘order book and strong financial position provide us with the
platform to adjust to changes in the operating and political
environment in the year ahead.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, | would like to express
‘our thanks to all our colleagues, subcontractors and our
supply chain partners for their commitment to the Group,
both over the last year and as we look forward to the
exciting opportunities ahead bringing together the Barratt
and Redrow businesses. | look forward to meeting many
‘more colleagues from across the enlarged Group in the
coming year.

Chai
3 September 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Investment case

The backdrop

The country needs more homes
to be built. This is reflected in
the ambitious target set by the
Government to build 1.5 million
homes over the next five years.
However, we recognise that we
are in a challenging period, which
is a reflection of the impact of
accumulated inflation on the cost
of living, discretionary spending
and saving, as well as the ongoing

impact on mortgage interest rates.

These factors have impacted the affordability of housing,
particularly for first-time buyers, but the critical long-term
need for additional housing across the country remains.

‘ontinue to manage these near-term challenges and
through our actions and decisions ensure we emerge a
stronger business, positioned and ready to deliver more
sustainable, high-quality, energy-efficient homes.

Financial Statements

Leading in sustainability

We are determined to be the leading national
sustainable housebuilder and we drive sustainability
through clear plans, delivery, accountability and
measurement

Read more about our Building Sustainably framework from
page 40

A portfolio of housing brands
and distinct house types

‘Our brands, Barratt Homes, David Wilson Homes and, within
the M25, Barratt London have strong customer recognition
‘and distinct house type ranges, creating greater choices
for our customers. Dual branding on appropriate sites
creates even greater choice and accelerates development.
Read about the choices for our customers more on page 28

Industry-leading
customer service

We strive to deliver exceptional customer service.
We are the only major housebuilder to be awarded
a five-star rating for customer satisfaction for 15
consecutive years.

ead more about our offer to our customers from page

Strong balance sheet

and cash generation
With the cyclicality of the housebuilding industry, we
maintain clear financial disciplines. We are committed
to maintaining a strong balance sheet with an
‘operational focus on cash generation and a clearly
defined operating framework.

Read more about our financial performance from page 58 ,

Nationally diversified
We operate throughout Great Britain, providing
geographic diversification and the ability to manage
ur land buying and development activity relative to
changing regional dem

See our completions by region on age 8

Industry-leading build quality
Our build quality is recognised as “industry-leading”
by independent inspection of our homes throughout
the build process, Our site managers hold a 20-year
record of achieving more “Pride in the Job Awards”

than any other housebuilder.

‘Read more on our build performance from page 35

Multi-channel sales strength
ur sales teams promote our reputation for build
quality and customer service to our traditional
homebuyers, as well as our national scale and financial
strength to alternative channels including the private
rental sector and registered social housing providers.

‘Read more about our sales channel detivery on pages 26 and 27,

Shorter owned land bank

We run with one of the shortest but most developable

land banks in the y, minimising capital

employed and accelerating development returns,

thereby creating greater value for our shareholders.
Read more about our land positon trom page 33

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

5

Strategic Report Governance

Redrow

We make it happen

Accelerating growth

(On 21 August 2024, the Company acquired the full share
capital of Redrow pic in an all share transaction. In
‘accordance with standard practice, the Competition

land Markets Authority (the CMA) has issued an Initial
Enforcement Order requiring the Barratt and Redrow
businesses to continue to operate independently until the
CMA has formally accepted the undertakings proposed

by the parties in response to their limited concerns, or
otherwise agrees to integration taking place.

Once approved, the combination of Barratt and Redrow
(the Combination") will create an exceptional UK
homebuilder in terms of quality, service and sustainability.
It will bring together three high-quality, complementary
brands ~ Barratt, David Wilson, and Redrow - offering a
variety of sustainable homes for customers across the UK,
addressing the country's need for homes.

Barratt and Redrow share a commitment to quality, putting
customers firmly at the heart of everything they do. The
Combination will use the strengths of both companies to
deliver significant benefits to our people, supply chains
and customers.

+ People - employees will benefit from additional
opportunities for development and from being part of
an industry-leading homebuilder.

+ Supply chain ~ supply chain partners will have greater
Visibility and certainty of delivery and benefit from the
acceleration of delivery of homes across the country.

+ Customers - customers and communities will benefit
from our ability to deliver more high-quality homes, across
a broader product range, and accelerate the creation of
strong, sustainable communities across the UK.

6 Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2028

Financial Statements

A uniquely compelling opportunity
‘The creation of Barratt Redrow is a uniquely compelling
opportunity to

+ bring together complementary offerings to create an
‘exceptional UK homebuilder;

+ create a strong brand portfolio - including Redrow
positioned as its premium brand ~ offering customers
a wider range of house types and price points as well
‘as accelerating housing delivery. Barratt has already
successfully executed this strategy through the
acquisition of David Wilson Homes in 2007;

+ realise significant cost synergies from procurement
savings and a rationalisation of divisional and central
functions, which will drive a lower combined cost base;

+ maintain a robust balance sheet, better protected to
operate through the cycle, and provide a strong platform
from which to deliver improved shareholder returns over
the medium term; and

+ deliver significant benefits for all stakeholders.

Strategic Report Governance

Redrow acquisition continued

Financial Statements

“This is an exciting opportunity to bring together two highly complementary
companies, creating an exceptional homebuilder in terms of quality, service and
sustainability, able to build more of the high-quality homes this country needs.”

David Thomas,
Chief Executive

The deal

The Boards of Barratt and Redrow reached agreement in
February 2024 on the terms of a recommended all-share
offer for the combination of Barratt and Redrow. Barratt,
acquired the entire issued and to be issued ordinary
share capital of Redrow on 21 August 2024, Each Redrow
shareholder received 1.44 Barratt shares for each Redrow
share they held.

Immediately following completion, Redrow shareholders
held approximately 32.8% of the combined Group

and Barratt shareholders approximately 67.2% of the
combined Group.

Barratt Redrow ple will be an exceptional homebuilder in
terms of quality, service and sustainability that will help
deliver the homes this country needs. The new business will
build on the excellent reputations for quality, service and
sustainability that both Barratt and Redrow have developed.

Key financial information for the
combined group

Barratt and Redrow generated aggregate revenue of

£7.4bn' in FY23, delivering total completions of 22,642

The combined group is expected to benefit from a robust
aggregated balance sheet, building on Barratt and Redrow’s
aggregate net cash position of £874m a at 31 December 2022,
providing the combined group flexibility to manage the
Business for the long term, resilience through the cycle
and flexibility to respond to changing market conditions.

The combined group will continue Barratt’s and Redrow’s
existing practice of prudently managing a robust balance
sheet and maintaining a highly selective approach to land
buying, allowing the combined Group to capitalise on future
land opportunities.

We believe the combined group will achieve pre-tax cost
synergies of at least £90m on an annual run-rate basis by
the end of the third year following completion, of which
approximately 20% should be delivered by the end of the
second year following completion. The one-off costs of
delivering these savings should total approximately £73m,
with approximately 57% incurred in the first year following
completion, approximately 32% incurred in the second year
following completion and the remainder by the end of the
third year following completion. The Combination should
be accretive to Barratt and Redrow’s respective adjusted
earnings per share in the first year after completion
(excluding one-off costs of delivering synergies).

Creating value
through acquisitions

We have a strong record of growing and investing in
brands that have joined the Group in recent years:

+ Since the acquisition of David Wilson Homes In
2007, it has grown into a nationally-recognised
brand, with, improved service and quality metrics,
and increased its share of Group business from 26%
to 34% of Barratt completions.

+ We supported Oregon Timber Frame after we
acquired the company in 2019. Together, we have
doubled Oregon Timber Frame’s kit volume while
Providing new jobs at development sites and
supported the opening of a new state-of-the-art
factory in Derby last year.

See page 29 for more detail on Oregon

+ We acquired Gladman in 2022 and have successfully
integrated Gladman's land promotion and planning
capabilities into the Barratt Group.

The combined group expects to be able to increase

volumes through a three-brand strategy, with the
potential to accelerate the delivery of homes from

the combined and complementary land pipeline
by introducing the Redrow brand on appropriate
Barratt sites and vice versa. The combined group will
take advantage of the complementary geographical
footprints of Barratt and Redrow, with a total land
pipeline of 92,345 plots as at 31 December 2023

Isobe au seco ra Seaow re hese, epee

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 20287

Strategic Report Governance _Financial Statements

Our business at a glance

Our business at a glance

Our purpose
Making sustainable living a reality,
building strong communities

Read more on page 1

Our values

We do it for our customers,

We do it right

We do it together

‘We make it happen

Read more on page 2

@ Barratt Developments PLE Annual Report and Accounts 2028

Our strategic priorities

Drive revenue Optimise Control Lead
land buying build activity the industry

ead more on page 23
Our sustainability strategy
To achieve our purpose, we focus on the three key pillars of our environmental
and social ambitions that form our sustainability framework:

Read more on pages 40 to 48
Nature Places People
We preserve and enhance the natural world | We design and buld great places that meet | We believe everyone has the right to be
by using resources responsibly, building the highest standards, and that promote | respected and treated fairy at work. We
resilient, low-carbon homes, and by creating. | sustainable, healthy and happy ving for Go the right thing, nurturing diverse talent
places where people and nature can thvive.. | our customers. Sand prioritising the health and safety and

wellbeing of our people ana partners

Alignment with the UN Sustainable Development Goals

Strategic Report Governance _Financial Statements

Our business at a glance continued

Leading in build quality

We are determined to be the UK's leading national sustainable housebuilder,
delivering the homes the country needs, whilst leading the industry in build quality
and customer service.

‘ompletions by unit type ompletions by deal type

Completions by unit typ: Completions by deal typ
1 and 2-bedroom homes 10% Tradiional priate 5a
b-becroom homes 38% Pareenchange ™
‘bedroom homes 34% od
Sand 6-bedram homes 2% a
hoarments London

‘Apartments non-London 11%

Awards and recognition in 2024

Climate - A
Water =

89 Forests - 8

Fiesta 9 NaC pride
eusomer ite awards

Our brands

Completions by region

scotland
1,613
2028: 1,951
Northern
2,773
2023: 2,621
central cast
2,652 2,962
2023: 3,88 2072: 3,400
west
1,588
2023: 2,081

London and Southern

2,416

2023: 3,754

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance _Financial Statements

Business model

How we build value

What we do

We build a high-quality product which our customers love.

We develop homes which mit

mise our environmental footprint and lower ongoing costs for our customers.

We deliver returns, operating a short owned land bank to convert investments rapidly to cash.

Our resources

People Expertise
We recruit, train and retain Barratt was founded over
skilled and committed 60 years ago and has deep
workforce. Our people's _—knowledge and experience
experience supports delivery of both the different

of a high-quality product. housing markets in Great
Our team does things Britain and the different
together and we doit right. products that work in

those markets,

Read more from page 30, Read more on page 20,

10 Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2028

Stakeholder
relationships

We build great places
to live, supported
through partnerships
with our stakeholders

Our strong relationships
with our stakeholders
are critical in developing
the products that our
customers want.

ead mo

‘on pages 50 to 57

Land and planning
We operate a short owned
land bank, minimising
the amount of capital
locked up on the balance
sheet in advance of

land development.

This is complemented

by investment into
strategic land and
promotional agreements
to enhance margin.

ead more on pages 33 and 34

Finances

We hold a robust balance
sheet. This gives us
confidence, irrespective of
market conditions, to deliver
homes into the market

at the right price and to
engage in the land market
with value-accretive bids.

Read more on pages 58 to 62

Brands

We invest in developing
and maintaining a portfolio
of complementary brands,
offering a wider choice of
designs and customer price
points to better serve our
customers’ needs. Offering
multi-brand developments,
we can accelerate delivery
of high-quality homes.

on page 28