@)

BARRATT

OBVALOPUENTS PLS

Annual Raport and Accounts 2021

—

Bee en

wn

A70 30/09/2021 #147
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

CARRATT CEVELOMENIS PLE
[companyinumberg00604574)

Dur purTpocs Is to lead tine fixture of
housebuilding by putting customers at the
moet of evercthiny waco.

Wie are proud to teed th industry ta both build queifty end customer servic We are builldiing
homes Exitetin aseds, Gr resting jobs and eupparting caonanie growth whit delivering value tar our
charcaotders end otfvar etelchaldiars

ourspurposevand strategic priorities

Curtniia nana
ar ee rte sneha
Fosoone ip tomechatrcllow steht eens om pomaanED TS oo

Getailed descripliono! our.approach to integrated reportingtgolione Appendivon pagel 31)

Non-financial information statement

The, integration Below, isuintendedjtorhelpstakeholderstunderstand ou positionon,these)key,nonsfinanciallmatters ered
ionshould|belincluded]

‘Stand disclosedynitheyrelevantsectionsqwhenwdetermining whatyinform:

aetna encAccounis {ihe information{need spor ditferent[stakehclders aus theigrelative ocr pesca mother time = ZONS)

tipamo renelograntg cay mS een sectionsy414CAvand414CBlofithe,

pase!

Description ofthe, fEmployees] Me Anti-bribery and corruption Policy,,due diligence
business model Developmenttand,training lla 30ImGrouprpolicy, 133)
Oririsemmy Oiversity] 3 iiskimanagement]
Grininsaatl .

(reeing @

Social matters} Employeesengagement) 32} Waste)
Market[review) Genderypay,gap)

Ougsustainabilityy Board liversity
— Sreas

Notice regarding limitations on Directorsy Liability SeeeeEamene Cautionary statement regarding
undernEnglish law, forwardslooking statements)
lUndergthe,CompaniestAct}2006" pcibtatominiatottity 5
Ro! [Directorstinrespectiolistatementsinvandomissionsy romeihe)

Strategiclreporticontained ontpages O26 pecotoeheses? tte preerounn
. Raper gentettnadom pagesCOt Cra erehtazee eiarementewaltncugntne’Grounbelisvesyine

Motftoranyyt i) asedonreasonablerassumptionse
i errors! e

wing)

. somnan Bymatlerialfactyoutwould adetriocoEtia, [contained]inthis"AnnualjReportorgonithe, Gx f
” Sen Rome coma a [sexconsttued/asaprotitjiorecastion fantinvitationjtodeallinythe,
eRe Reason Co " Becuritiesvorithe,company tare J :

: Sogn te ots te ’ : D :
isiaiementtsvovey ee Ged fAlternative pentmnTeeOd measures
momeeaah casi cioaEemespatmmencocetinelttsa

es AGM s] Lotito U

Our highlights

Our operational and sustainabi

5 STAR

HBF 5 STAR CUSTOMER
SATISFACTION

(2020: 5 star]

1.78

TONNES PER 100m?

CARBON INTENSITY
(2020 [restated]: 1.80)*

17,243

TOTAL HOME
COMPLETIONS’

(2020: 12,604)

84.2%

EMPLOYEE
ENGAGEMENT SCORE*

{2019: 84.5%)

+ Total home completions, including JVs, were 17,243 [2020: 12,604) for the year. Private home completions
were 13,134 [2020: 9,568), affordable home completions were 3,383 (2020: 2,466) and JV home completions

97%

HEALTH AND SAFETY
(SHE AUDIT COMPLIANCE)

(2020: 96%)

5.89

TONNES PER 100m?
WASTE INTENSITY
(2020: 7.70)

343

AVERAGE ACTIVE
SALES OUTLETS?

(2020: 366}

4.7 YEARS

OWNED AND CONTROLLED
LAND BANK

(2020: 6.7)

in which the Group has an interest were 726 (2020: 570].

2 Including JVs.

2 Employee engagement survey deferred to October 2021 to cover response to hybrid working,

«See page 173.

(highlights

21.0%

GROSS MARGIN
(2020: 18.0%)

64.9p

BASIC EPS
(2020: 39.4p)

£812.2m

PROFIT BEFORE TAX
(2020: £491.8m)

23.2%

ADJUSTED GROSS MARGIN
(2020: 18.5%)

73.5p

ADJUSTED BASIC EPS
(2020: 40.5p]

28.3%

ROCE
(2020: 15.6%)

Contents
Strategic Report

Our business in summary 02
Our purpose and strategic priorities 04
Our targets 05
Chairman's statement 06
Marketplace 08
Business model 10
Our business model in action: 12
Doseley Park
Chief Executive's statement 14
Building Sustainably 18
Strategic priorities: Customer first 24
Strategic priorities: Great places 26
Strategic priorities: Leading 28
construction
Strategic priorities: Investing in 30
our people
Financial review 35
Key performance indicators a
Section 172 staternent 46
Stakeholder engagement 45
Risk management 56
Principal risks 58
Climate-related risk 65
Viability statement 67
Governance
Board of Directors 68
Executive Committee and Regional 70
Managing Directors
Corporate Governance report n
Nomination Committee report 9
Audit Committee report 85
Safety, Health and cA)
Environment Committee report
Remuneration report 96
Other statutory disclosures 112
Statement of Directors 114
Responsibilities
Financial Statements
Financial Statements contents 115
Independent Auditor's Report 116
Consolidated Income Statement 123
Consolidated Statement of 124
Comprehensive Income
Statement of Changes 125
in Shareholders’ Equity - Group
Statement of Changes in 126
Shareholders’ Equity - Company
Balance Sheets 127
Cash Flow Statements. 128
Notes to the Financial Statements 130
Other Information
Greenhouse gas emissions 176
restatement
Five year record 175
Definitions of alternative performance 177
measures and reconciliation to IFRS
Glossary WW
Integrated reporting approach 181
Group advisers and 182
Company information
www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk 01

Strategic Report

Our business in summary

We are committed to Developing high quality sustainable homes across Britain
building high quality homes where people want tolive. |,

and have been awarded me
93 NHBC Pride in the Job ey
Awards on our sites in

2021, more than any other ¥
housebuilder for 4

17 consecutive years.

Our customers i

We put our customers first
and have a long-standing

i
i
1

1,852

(2020: 1,340)

2,859

i ,
commitment to quality and (2020: 2,240
customer service. i
\
our brands mo NN ,
|
We have three housebuilding 3,437 3,645
(2020: 2,240) (2020: 2,582)

brands: Barratt Homes,
David Wilson Homes and
Barratt London. Commercial
developments are delivered
by Wilson Bowden
Developments.

fe | hee

BARRATT DAVID WILSON Homes |

RR Tenene QUAY UN '

London and Southern

agate | 3,678

— LONDON — Dovalopmonts

(2020: 2,822)
Completions by unit type Completions by deal type
. a § 20212020 2021 2020
® @ i and2bedroom homes 13% 12% @ Heip to Buy 38% 35%
ee © 3 bedroom homes 36% 35% @ Part-exchange 5% 11%
4 bedroom homes 33% 34% © Other private 36% 30%
@5andébedroomhomes 3% 3% @ Investor 3% 4%
@ Flats London 5% 5% @ Affordable 20% 20%
@ Flats non-London 12% 11%

02 Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Proposition

We have clear differentiators that underpin our investment proposition

* We operate a fast build and sell model * + We have a strong and experienced * We operate across Britain, diversifying
and, as a result, airn to run one of the workforce as well as a long established our business and managing risk.
shortest tand banks in the industry. and committed sub-contractor base, + We are the leading sustainable

* We maintain a resilient balance sheet who deliver high quality homes. housebuilder operating nationally,
with a clearly defined and embedded * Our build quality and customer service and our ambitious targets will help
operating framework and a strong are fundamental to our business. support the low carbon and equitable
focus on cash generation. We are the only major housebuilder economic recovery.

to be awarded a HBF 5 Star rating
for customer satisfaction for 12
consecutive years.

Highly
experienced
build and sales
teams

Strong balance

Leading in
sustainability

Quality and Nationally

Shorter owned

land bank sheet and cash

. diversified
generation

service

Rebuilding volumes Delivering margin improvement Attractive returns
Disciplined growth in home Land acquisition at a minimum 23% gross 25 times dividend cover.
completions to current capacity of margin and optimising performance.

20,000 homes.

a4

Achieve a minimum ROCE of 25%

(i ™
XY

Our awards
whrikk f-
ssraanoed BINDER heo .e :nfiser

tee INABC! ali
ik NABC KS
Yas “Twit ”

5 Star award for 12 years 93 awards in 2021 Large housebuilder of the year
Only major national housebuilder More than any other housebuilder for Second year ina row,
to achieve this 17 consecutive years three times in five years

AG
MS

Pebat const

96 accreditations including 23 Gold award for 2020
outstanding awards Highest scoring national housebuilder
More awards than any other company

www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk 03

Strategic Report

Our purpose and strategic priorities

Our purpose

To lead the future of housebuilding by putting customers at the heart
of everything we do

wv

We will achieve our purpose by continually innovating and applying best
practice across our four priorities:

Our strategic priorities

Oe ®& ®&

Customer Great Leading Investing in
first places construction our people

© Read more on page 24 © Read more on page 26 © Read more on page 28 © Read more on page 30

Guiding all of our actions are our principles, through which we create a more
successful and sustainable business to deliver long term value for our shareholders,
partners, communities and society:

V
all A
Keeping Being a trusted Building strong Safeguarding the Ensuring the
people safe partner community environment financial health
relationships of the business
Putting health and safety Building meaningful, Engaging fully with Minimising the We maintain financial
first by committing to —_ long-term relationships. local communities environmental impact discipline across
the highest industry that make us the and customers of our operations and all aspects of our
standards. Embedding _ developer of choice for when creating our supply chain while operations. This
health and safetyasa our partners. Innovating developments. Ensuring increasing the energy _ enables us to deliver
core value for which we —_with our supply chain we create places and resource efficiency our operational targets
are all responsible to drive efficiency where our customers _ of our homes. Seeking whilst maintaining
and sustainability, aspire to live and local _to enhance habitats, our industry leading
whilst meeting our communities thrive biodiversity and local _ standards of customer
customers’ needs. environments across all and build quality,
of our developments.
\ —,

We uphold these principles through our culture (see page 74] and the sustainable commitments
we make to our stakeholders [see page 18)

04 Barratt Devetopments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our operational and sustainability targets

HBF 5 STAR

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

100% RENEWABLE

ELECTRICITY IN OWN
OPERATIONS BY 2025

NET ZERO
CARBON EMISSIONS ACROSS
DIRECT OPERATIONS BY 2040

30%
OF COMPLETIONS FROM
STRATEGIC LAND BY 2025

94%

HEALTH AND SAFETY MONITORING |

COMPLIANCE

24%

REDUCTION IN SCOPE 3
EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY 2030
(FROM 2018 LEVELS)

5.67
TONNES PER 100m?

WASTE INTENSITY BY 2025

30%
OF COMPLETIONS USING MMC
BY 2025

wb The team at our Whiteland Coast
site in Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire

| LEVELS)

ZERO CARBON

FROM 2030

20,000

LAND BANK

REDUCTION IN SCOPE 1+2
EMISSIONS BY 2025 (FROM 2018

NEW HOUSETYPES IN USE

| TOTAL HOME COMPLETIONS

3.5 + 1.0 YEARS

OWNED AND CONTROLLED

Our financial targets - - - ~ . -

23%
LAND ACQUISITION MINIMUM
GROSS MARGIN

MINIMAL

YEAR END NET
INDEBTEDNESS

25%

MINIMUM ROCE

AVERAGE NET CASH

ACROSS THE FINANCIAL YEAR

15% - 25%

OWNED LAND BANK

| 2.5 X

| DIVIDEND COVER

LAND CREDITORS FUNDING OUR

www.barrattdevelopments.co.u

05

Strategic Report

Chairman's statement

We have made huge progress
in our recovery from the impact
of COVID-19 and we remain
focused on our medium term
targets. We delivered 17,243
high quality new homes
(including JVs} across Britain in
2021, 36.8% ahead of last year
and almost back to the 17,856
homes we completed in 2019.

| would like to thank all our
employees, sub-contractors
and suppliers for their
dedication and commitment,
and for delivering our excellent
operational and financial
recovery.

Our employees

Our employees deliver our success

The Board is always keen to understand
and respond to the views, concerns and
challenges of our people - and this has
never been more important than during
recent times. Our Workforce Forum has
continued to be pivotal in engaging with
our employees, particularly in respect of
future working arrangements. This has
helped inform the Board's view that, whilst
our offices will always remain important for
encouraging the collaboration and contact,
which is fundamental to the wellbeing,
creativity and effectiveness of our teams,
the remote ways of working, which we
implemented during the pandemic, will
enable us to be more flexible in the future
Further details can be found on pages 46
to 47

66 We continue to deliver operational
improvements throughout our business
alongside high quality, sustainable homes
and developments across the country 99

John Allan
Chairman

The physical and mental wellbeing of
our employees remains a priority for the
Board. We continue to introduce new ways
of supporting our employees whether they
are working from home, on site or in the
office. The Board also continues to monitor
the development of diversity and inclusion
as we seek to create an environment that
promotes equal opportunities for all
Further details, along with our revised
statement in respect of Modern Slavery and
Human Trafficking, are included within the
Chief Executive's statement on page 33

Our culture

Our business has a strong culture and
belief in ‘doing the right thing’ and taking
pride in the work that we do and the way in
which we operate, whilst remaining focused
on the needs of our customers and other
stakeholders.

The strength of our culture throughout

the Group has been shown through the
speed, scale and the quality of our recovery
notwithstanding the continuing challenges
created by COVID-19. We continue to seek
ways of further developing and improving
the positive culture of our business.

The Board recognises that the culture of
the Group is driven by its leadership and
continuously strives to lead by example.

Further details can be found on page 74

Sustainability

We have continued to develop our
sustainability strategy, particularly with
regards to climate change, driven by

our belief that this is the right thing to

do for the Group’s long term prospects,
our stakeholders and wider society.

We are committed to leading our industry
in both quality and sustainability and are

| striving to reduce our carbon emissions
* and the environmental impacts of the

homes that we build whilst seeking
to create biodiversity net gain across
our developments. Creating a positive

* environmental, social and economic legacy

for future generations is core to quality
housebuilding. This is embedded in our
' business through our purpose to lead the
" future of housebuilding by putting our
customers at the heart of everything we do.

By doing business sustainably we create
value for our stakeholders, However, we

| recognise that, against the backdrop of

climate change pressures, we need to
accelerate change in both our operations
and our supply chain in a way that
promotes the benefits of our activities for
all stakeholders.

In 2021, we have taken several steps to
enhance our focus on sustainability.
The Board agreed to establish a new

» Sustainability Committee during the year.

This Committee will report directly into the
Board and will be chaired by David Thomas,
our Chief Executive. It will play an active
role in developing, executing and monitoring
the ongoing improvements in our drive to
increase and enhance sustainability across
our business. The remit of this Committee
are set out on page 66.

In addition, the Remuneration Committee

, has agreed to include a target to reduce

construction waste within the FY22 annual
bonus scheme and a carbon reduction
target in the Long Term Performance Plan
(LTPP) award due to be granted later this
year. These targets will help the Group
move closer to achieving its overall waste
intensity and carbon intensity targets as set
out on page 19.

+ We are also making good progress
towards our compliance with the TCFO

recommendations. Full details can be

found on page 66. In addition, following
stakeholder interest, we have for the

first time begun reporting against the
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board's
(SASB) disclosure criteria on our website
www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk.

06

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Being a trusted partner is a principle

we take seriously. We are committed to
continuously enhancing our reporting
disclosures to meet changing stakeholder
needs and enable better analysis and
comparability. That means continuing

to align to best practice frameworks,
standards and indices.

| am pleased to report that the steps we
have taken to progress our sustainability
strategy during the year have resulted in
improvements in the Group's sustainability
rankings across various indices, such

as the NextGeneration sustainability
benchmark, the Responsibility 100 Index
developed by Tortoise and in our CDP.
scoring. This is a great credit to the hard
work and dedication of our teams.

More information on our sustainability
strategy is detailed in the Chief Executive's
statement on pages 18 to 29, including our
performance on health and safety, build
quality and customer service

Building safety

We recognise that the wider complex
issues surrounding fire safety guidance
and cladding have caused distress for
affected homeowners, as regulations and
requirements have continued to evolve. A
long term solution is needed which will
require the involvement of the industry,
the supply chain and Government. We
have contributed to the Government's
consultation on establishing a Residential
Property Developer Tax to raise tax
revenues for the Government's Building
Safety Fund

We will continue to dedicate significant
focus to this area, as founding signatories
to the Building Safety Charter and active
members of the Early Adopters Group,
which is committed to protecting life

by putting safety first ahead of all other
building priorities. The Executive Directors
and | also continue to engage with all
relevant stakeholders to try and identify the
much needed industry solutions to support
leaseholders and residents. For details

on the steps we have taken and the costs
associated with legacy properties see page
16 in the Chief Executive's statement.

Board changes

It has been a year of change for the Board
On 1 March 2021 we welcomed Katie
Bickerstaffe and Chris Weston to the
Board. They bring a wealth of experience
in business transformation, marketing,
commerce and in driving performance
and growth, which complement the
existing skills of the Board. Details of the
recruitment process for Katie and Chris can
be found on page 81

On 4 May 2021, Richard Akers stepped
down from the Board after completing
nine years of service. | would like to thank
Richard for his significant contribution to
Barratt during his tenure; in particular,
his excellent Chairmanship of the

Remuneration Committee and his wise
counsel as Senior Independent Director.

At the end of June 2021, Jessica White
stepped down as Chief Financial Officer
and a member of the Board for personal
reasons. | would also like to thank Jessica

. for her valued contribution during her 15

years with the Group, not only in her four

years as Chief Financial Officer, but also
_ in her previous senior finance roles. As
+ Chief Financial Officer, Jessica was an

integral member of our leadership team
and played an instrumental role in driving

' the Group towards its medium term targets.

Information relating to the payments made
to Jessica and Richard can be found on
pages 102 and 103.

As announced on 29 June 2021, Mike
Scott will join the Board as our new Chief
Financial Officer at a date to be agreed

Mike brings a wealth of financial experience
as he currently holds the same position

at Countryside Properties PLC and we

are delighted to be welcoming him to the
Group. Details of the recruitment process
for this appointment and the remuneration
package offered can be found on pages 100
and 102 respectively,

Stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder engagement is a key part of

, the Board's agenda. Due to COVID-19, the

Board was unable to undertake its normal
site visits during the year. The Board has
however, stayed in touch with the business

__ through updates from the Designated

NED for Workforce Engagement and the
Executive Directors. | also attended the
virtual Senior Leadership meeting to better
understand the challenges our employees
were facing on @ day-to-day basis, and to
thank them for their support, hard work
and commitment in keeping the business
operating through these challenging times

in addition, | have attended virtual meetings
with shareholders to discuss our approach
to the continued COVID-19 restrictions and
how we are tackling matters such as ESG
and cladding.

Our 2020 AGM was held as a closed meeting,
however we were keen to ensure that our
shareholders had the opportunity to raise
any questions ahead of the meeting. A
designated email address was set up which
allowed our shareholders to pose questions
relating to the business to be transacted

at the AGM. Each query was responded

"to on an individual basis and a copy of the

questions and answers can'be found on our

website www. barrattdevelopments.co.uk

You can find out more on how we have
engaged with key stakeholders on pages 45

to 55.

Dividend

The Board established a new dividend
policy based on an ordinary dividend with a
2.5 times dividend cover in 2020. The Board
was delighted to resume dividend payments
with the declaration of an interim dividend

! of 7.5 pence per share in February 2021 and

is pleased to recommend a final dividend of
21.9 pence per share (2020: nil pence per
share]. Subject to shareholder approval, the
final dividend will be paid on 9 November
2021 to those shareholders on the register
as at the close of business on 1 October
2021. The total proposed ordinary dividend
for 2021, including the interim dividend of
7.5 pence per share paid in May 2021, is
29.4 pence per share (2020: nil pence per
share; 2019: 29.1 pence per share)

AGM

Our 2021 AGM will be held at the
Ironmongers’ Hall in London on Wednesday
13 October 2021 at 12 noon. There are still
COVID-19 restrictions in place at the venue
and we would ask all shareholders looking
to attend the AGM to adhere to these
requirements. There will be a live webcast
and the ability to submit questions on the
day as well as in advance of the meeting,
Voting at the AGM will continue to be by way
of a poll to accurately reflect the holdings of
our shareholders. Full details can be found
in the Notice of AGM,

Strategic Report

Looking to the future

Our business is in a strong position with
substantial net cash, a well-capitalised
balance sheet and a strong forward sales
position. We continue to deliver operational
improvements throughout our business
alongside high quality, sustainable homes
and developments across the country.
However, we recognise that the UK
economy continues to face uncertainties
arising from COVID-19.

We have a diverse and experienced Board
that is committed to promoting the success
and long term sustainable value of the
Group. We will continue to review our Board
composition to ensure it has the skills,
knowledge and experience that are aligned
with our strategy as we move forward.

We remain focused on our medium term
targets. The Board will continue to respond
to changes in the market and the wider
economy but believes that our operating
performance, strong forward order book
and further strengthened financial position

: provide us with the resilience and flexibility

to react to changes in the operating

» environment in FY22 and beyond.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank
you for the confidence you have shown in
the Group during 2021, in what has been a
challenging period for us all, and for your
continued support.

John Allan _—==

Chairman a wn

1 September 2021

07

www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk

Marketplace

UK economy

UK economic output saw a sharp recovery through to October 2020,
following the end of the initial national lockdown, but renewed
restrictions on activity saw the economy then contract through to
the end of January 2021. With the gradual removal of COVID-19
restrictions, the economy has shown continuous expansion since
February 2021, although output has yet to recover to pre-pandemic
levels. Looking forward there are clear signs of optimism with the
latest HM Treasury collated economic forecasts projecting GDP.
growth of 6.9%! in 2021 and 5.6%! in 2022. Uncertainties for the
wider economy do however remain, notably around employment
and consumer confidence, with the gradual withdrawal of furiough
arrangements for employees and income support for the self-
employed particularly important in the coming months.

Housing demand

The UK housing market, in contrast, has shown a remarkable

and continuous recovery since emerging from the initial national
lockdown, aided by the industry's ability to continue operating over
this subsequent period. This reflects pent-up demand created by
the lockdown and the SDLT holiday. It also reflects a recovery from
the more extended period of uncertainty and suppressed housing
market activity (evident since the Brexit referendum in 2016), as
well as a reprioritisation of housing for many households since the
onset of the pandemic. Against this backdrop we believe that the
market for housebuilding remains positive.

Housing supply

Housing remains high on the Government agenda with the shortage
of housing being recognised as a critical issue for the long term
health of the UK economy and its growing population. The UK
Government reiterated its commitment to a target of building

c. 300,000 new homes per year in October 2020. New build housing
additions were 220,600? in the last reported 12 month period to

31 March 2020 which, when combined with the net additions from
conversions and demolitions of 23,1702, resulted in net additions to
the housing stock of 243,770 homes?. There remains a significant
shortfall in new home additions, providing opportunity for industry
growth over the coming years.

Our strategy and growth plans recognise this opportunity.

We maintained our volume capacity throughout the first COVID-19
lockdown and our medium term target remains to grow completions
to 20,000 homes, 16% ahead of total completions of 17,243 in FY21

New build and net additions to the
English housing stock

300,000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000
0
Sesser s ese ese eee,
asggeesezee8e8
RRERRERRRERRRRRRR

= New build dwettings.
(Net conversions/demoltitions

—Net additional dwellings
— Government target

Land supply and the planning system

+ There remains a good supply of planning consents coming through

the planning system in support of housebuilding growth despite
pandemic related disruption with 277,326 new detailed planning
permissions approved in England through the year to

31 December 2020°.

Reflecting the good availability of (and, our business model and
operating framework remain focused on operating one of the
shortest land banks in the industry as we seek to optimise return
on capital

We await the outcome of the Government's consultations on land
and planning proposals. The Government is seeking to streamline
the planning process and ensure local authorities have a clear local
plan. We continue to carefully monitor the planning environment to
ensure our supply of planning consents is aligned with our growth
plans.

On 6 May 2021, the temporary regulations under the Coronavirus
Act 2020 that allowed local authorities to hold planning committee
meetings virtually expired, with no alternative arrangements in
place. This has resulted in delays to the planning process.

English Planning Consents and Net New Build
Home Additions and Savills UK Greenfield
Development Land Price Index

120 360
3 100 300 25
F La» i
i” 20 83
38 3a
BF 40 120 33
a 3
° a
s sXe yeeneces
RRR RRRRRRRARA

| ——Savills UX Greenfield Development Land Price Index [LHS]
+ —— England-Planning consents ['000's} - revised series [RHSI

MMMM England - Net New Build Home Additions (RHS)

Building materials and labour

We experienced very different rates of build cost inflation in the first
and second halves of FY21. In the first half, build cost inflation was
relatively muted, reflecting the fatl in output created by the initial
national lockdown, latent supply chain capacity, as well as our

‘procurement planning. Building material price agreements provided

cost certainty as well as visibility for our supply chain partners.

In the second half of FY21, we saw a rebound in housebuilding
activity. In addition we saw growth in demand for commodities
including steel, timber and plastics, which resulted in greater
inflationary pressure on building material costs.

Through our centralised procurement team, careful scheduling
of building materials and the support of our long-standing supply
chain partners, we are focused on ensuring security of supply
whilst seeking to manage build cost inflation

08

Barratt Developments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Housing market support

During the year, the Government's Help to Buy scheme became
available to first time buyers only with regional price caps being
applied. Following the change for reservations from December
2020, first time buyer activity has been maintained and existing
homeowners have migrated to traditional purchase.

The SDLT holiday, introduced in July 2020, which raised the
threshold at which the tax becomes payable to £500,000, has
supported housing demand throughout the year. The holiday began
to taper from 1 July 2021 and is scheduled to finish at the end of
September 2021. Whilst our sales activity benefited from this “call
to action” in FY21, our sales reservations in recent months, for
completion beyond the SDLT holiday period, have remained robust.

In early 2021 the Government introduced the Mortgage Guarantee
Scheme to support LTV lending in excess of 90%. This scheme has
been adopted by several mainstream mortgage lenders, but as yet
has not been made available to the new build housing market.

Mortgage market

Reflecting the continuing strength of the housing recovery since
the end of the initial national lockdown and including the impact
of the SDLT holiday from July 2020, mortgage approvals for house
purchases have shown a sharp recovery and totalled more than
1,070,000 in the year to 30 June 2021. Mortgage approvals were
some 61.7% ahead of the initial national lockdown interrupted
year to 30 June 2020 but also 36.4% above the mortgage approvals
registered in the year to 30 June 2019.

We continue to work with building societies, banks and other
financial institutions to increase lender understanding and to
introduce additional lenders to the new build sector. We are also
participating in the development of green mortgages that reflect the
efficiency and environmental credentials of our homes

Number of UK mortgage approvals
for house purchase‘

1,600,000

1,400,000 - - ~ noe

1,200,000 . ~

1,000,000

800,000

600,000 ~

400,000

200,000
BESercreseeterr 5
feCrereeErecE g§

IEE Number of UK mortgage approvals for house purchase
(12 months July - June}

Government legislation

Government advice on cladding and external wall systems
continues to evolve. The Building Safety Bill, introduced to
Parliament in July 2021, seeks to give residents more power to
challenge developers on build quality and building safety concerns
and will retrospectively extend the current period during which
claims can be brought against developers from six to 15 years.

The Government announced in January 2021 that it would grant
leaseholders of eligible properties the right to extend their leases
free of ground rent. In addition, in June 2021 the Government
published the Leasehold Reform (Ground Rent) Bill that aims to
prevent ground rents from being charged on new homes. This

is alongside the CMA’s ongoing investigation into the leasehold
housing market.

The Government has pledged to take legislative action on climate
change. In 2021 we saw the continued progress of the Environment
Bill through Parliament, which includes the requirement to set
binding targets for biodiversity net gain, nature protection, water
stewardship, nitrate and phosphate neutrality, air quality, and
waste management.

In June 2022, changes to Part L and F of building regulations in
England come into effect. This allows for a one year transition
period and will require new homes to achieve a 31% reduction in
carbon emissions compared to current standards. The Government
has also confirmed that the 2025 Future Homes Standard will
require a reduction in emissions of 75%-80%, including the
prohibition of gas boilers in new homes.

The Government's legally binding commitment to making the UK
net zero by 2050 will require all companies to take substantial
action to reduce the direct and indirect carbon emissions from
their operations. Carbon pricing schemes (‘cap and trade’ systems
or taxes] are anticipated to be a key tool in the global drive for
decarbonisation.

© See now we are responding to the drive towards zero carbon in

Building Sustainably on pages 21 to 23

‘HM Treasury. hitps://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/forecasts-for-the-uk-
economy-august-2021

2 MHCLG. https://www.gow.uk/government/statistics/housing-supply-net-
additional-dwellings-england-2019-t0-2020

2 HBF & Glenigan. hitps://www.hbt.co.uk/documents/11164/HPL_
REPORT_2020_04.pdf

“Bank of England. https:/hwww. bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/

www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk OF

Strategic Report

Business model

PKeyresources Investment in the housebuilding value cha

We utilise the following key resources to
create value for our stakeholders:

Our people

* Committed and engaged employees.

* Strong and long standing sub-
contractor relationships.

© Training and development.
Health and safety

* Dedicated health & safety team
* Continuous improvement culture
Financial A
+ Strong shareholders’ capital
* Robust cash generation.

* Access to debt facilities.

Land Targeted land Outstanding Construction
* Current land bank with planning buying and Design excellence,
* Optimised site size. effective planning We design homes that, innovation and
* Strategic land bank. | We acquire land in through innovation efficiency
. . | targeted locations and customer Through efficient
Strong community relationships, | across the country research, meet construction and
our partners and supply chain where homes are customers’ aspirations. innovation our ambition
* Ongoing landowner relationships. | needed and where Our standardised is to maximise the
* Local government engagement we can achieve housetype designs are value of all materials,
* Committed to community engagement altractive returns connnually evolving resources and products
for shareholders. and improving to meet at each stage of our
‘* Mortgage lender relationships. Working closely with changing customer value chain. We deliver
+ Supply chain partnerships. | locat communities and demands and the through best-in-class
+ Joint Venture partnerships. | stakeholders, whilst challenges of the site management,
applying our land and changing climate. We centralised
Design and innovation proficiency planning skills, we design “Great Places” procurement and
© In-house technical team. seek to gain planning that create a positive technical resources,
nsent impact on ecology,
* Investing in research and development thecrcationof great biodiversity and tne as well as the highest
+ Academic research partnerships. homes and sustainable health and weltbeing of and safety.
* Biodiversity and climate knowledge and | places where our communities.
external partnerships. | customers aspire
Construction and development ‘olive
expertise
* In-house construction expertise. |
+ Timber frame manufacturing capacity — | Competitive advantages
and timber sourcing controls.
* Industry-leading build quality | | Scale and technical resources Commitment to quality, customer
Sales and marketing expertise | We have clear advantages of scale service and sustainability
* Dual brand marketing capabilities. with our financial strength, land bank We lead the industry in build quality,
diversification and operating capacity. customer service and sustainability. Each

+ Highly trained sales team
+ Digitally-ted customer journey. This means that we can invest in
in-house technical expertise in

land buying, planning, design and
development, procurement, construction,
marketing and sustainability.

has involved significant and continuous
investment over many years, reinforced
by clear processes and supported by our
culture. We believe these are key to our
reputation with investors, landowners,
suppliers and customers, and support
our ability to operate in communities
across the country.

* Industry-leading quality and
customer service.

10 Barratt Devetopments PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021