BETA Close X Barratt Redrow plc has announced the outcome of its audit tender process, with Ernst & Young LLP proposed as the new external auditor effective from the financial year ending 2 July 2028, subject to shareholder approval. This change is mandated by UK legislation requiring auditor rotation, as Deloitte LLP, the current auditor appointed in 2007, will continue its role for the financial years ending 28 June 2026 and 4 July 2027. The company expressed gratitude to Deloitte for its service and to all participating firms in the tender. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 02 July 2026 Barratt Redrow plc Outcome of Audit Tender 2 July 2026 : Barratt Redrow plc (the " Company ") announces that, following the conclusion of a formal, competitive audit tender process initiated in 2025 and led by the Audit and Risk Committee, the Board has approved the proposed appointment of Ernst & Young LLP ("EY") as its external auditor. EY's appointment will take effect from, and including, the financial year ending 2 July 2028, and will be subject to shareholder approval at the Company's 2027 Annual General Meeting. In accordance with UK legislation, the Company is required to put the statutory audit out to tender every 10 years and to rotate its auditor at least every 20 years. Deloitte LLP ("Deloitte"), the Company's current auditor, was first appointed in 2007 and was reappointed following a competitive tender in 2017. Consequently, a new auditor must be appointed to audit the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year financial year ended 2 July 2028. Deloitte will continue in its role as external auditor for the financial years ending 28 June 2026 and 4 July 2027, with the latter subject to shareholder approval at the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting. The Board would like to thank Deloitte for its significant contribution as the Company's auditor and would also like to extend its thanks to those firms that participated in the audit tender process. Further information on the audit tender process will be included in the Company's 2026 Annual Report and Accounts. Contacts John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201763 Kathryn Hudson, Group Company Secretary 01530 278278 LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Greggs 49 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and