BETA Close X Barratt Redrow plc has announced a succession plan for its Group Chief Executive role, with Dean Banks set to join in the final quarter of 2026 and succeed David Thomas, who is retiring after 11 years in the position. Banks brings over 15 years of senior executive experience from global listed businesses, including his current role as Group Chief Executive of Ventia Pty Limited since 2021. Thomas will remain with the Group until March 2027 to ensure a smooth transition. Disclaimer* Barratt Redrow PLC 04 March 2026 4 March 2026 Barratt Redrow plc announces Group Chief Executive Succession Plan Barratt Redrow plc ("Barratt Redrow" or the "Group") is pleased to announce the appointment of Dean Banks as its next Group Chief Executive. He will join the Group in the final quarter of 2026 and succeed David Thomas who has decided to retire from the business after 11 years as Group Chief Executive and 17 years with the Group. Following a rigorous selection process supported by external advisers, the Board identified Dean as the right candidate to lead Barratt Redrow through its next phase of growth and deliver its strategy with discipline and focus. He will join from Ventia Pty Limited ("Ventia"), where he has served as Group Chief Executive since 2021, successfully leading the company through its listing and establishing it as a leading essential infrastructure services provider across Australia and New Zealand. Dean brings more than 15 years' senior executive experience in listed global businesses, including Ventia, Balfour Beatty plc and De La Rue Ltd, and has recently announced his intention to return to the UK. David Thomas will continue as Group Chief Executive and a member of the Board until Dean joins Barratt Redrow in the final quarter of 2026 and then will remain with the Group until March 2027 to ensure a smooth and orderly transition. Caroline Silver, Group Chair, said: "The Board is delighted to appoint Dean Banks as Chief Executive of Barratt Redrow. He brings strong experience as a public company Chief Executive, with deep knowledge of the construction and infrastructure sectors and a proven track record of value creation. We are confident that Dean's focus on disciplined execution, operational excellence and strong relationships with customers and stakeholders will help Barratt Redrow build on its strengths over the long term. "I would also like to thank David Thomas for his outstanding leadership and dedication to Barratt Redrow over many years. He will leave behind an industry-leading business with a clear strategy, a strong balance sheet and an exceptional team. On behalf of the Board, I want to express our sincere appreciation for his stewardship and significant contribution, and to wish David a very happy and well-earned retirement." David Thomas, Group Chief Executive Officer, said: "It has been a privilege to serve as Chief Executive of Barratt Redrow, and I am incredibly proud of what we have achieved over the last eleven years. We have built a strong, disciplined and customer-focused business, delivering real value for shareholders, and creating thousands of high-quality sustainable homes and developments across the country. "I want to thank my colleagues across the organisation for their hard work, commitment and support. I look forward to continuing our work together over the coming months before handing over to Dean and I wish him and everyone associated with Barratt Redrow every success for the future." Dean Banks said: "I am proud and privileged to be joining Barratt Redrow as Chief Executive. Barratt Redrow is an exceptional UK homebuilder, leading the industry in quality, service and sustainability, with a strong platform for the future underpinned by a clear strategy and outstanding people. "I look forward to working with the Board and the wider team to build on this strong foundation and deliver long term value for customers, shareholders and communities." Further information required under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R in respect of Dean Banks will be disclosed in due course. ENDS For further information, please contact: Barratt Redrow plc John Messenger, Group Investor Relations Director 07867 201 763 Media enquiries Tim Collins, Group Corporate Affairs Director 01530 278 278 Brunswick Rosie Oddy / Peter Hesse 020 7404 5959 www.barrattredrow.co.uk Barratt Redrow plc LEI: 2138006R85VEOF5YNK29 Financial reporting calendar The Group's next scheduled announcement will be a trading update on Wednesday 15 April 2026. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barratt Redrow (BTRW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and