Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025; and (c) Annual Information Form dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 40-F 5 Certifications and Disclosure Regarding Controls and Procedures. (a) Certifications . The Certificates required by Rule 13a-14(a) and (b) are set forth in Exhibits 99.4, 99.5, 99.6 and 99.7 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. (b) Disclosure Controls and Procedures . The conclusions of the principal executive and principal financial officers of Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”) regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as at December 31, 2025 are set forth under the heading “Controls and Procedures – Disclosure Controls and Procedures” in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. (c) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Management’s report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is set forth under the heading “Controls and Procedures – Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. (d) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm . Ernst & Young LLP’s attestation report on management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting is set forth under the heading “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation – Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. (e) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Information regarding any changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is set forth under the heading “Controls and Procedures – Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting” in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Audit Committee Financial Expert. Information regarding audit committee financial experts is set forth under the heading “Audit Committee” in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“AIF”) dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code”) that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and that qualifies as a “code of ethics” as that term is defined in Form 40-F. The Code is posted on the corporate governance section of our website and is available for viewing at: https://www.manulife.com/content/dam/corporate/global/en/documents/ /MFC_COBC_EN.pdf. Any amendments to the Code will be posted at our website at such internet address. There were no waivers, including implied waivers, from any provision of the Code during 2025. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Information regarding the fees billed by Ernst & Young LLP is set forth under the heading “Audit Committee – External Auditor Service Fees” in the Company’s AIF dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Policies and Procedures. Information regarding the policies and procedures of the Company’s audit committee is set forth under the heading “Audit Committee – Policies and Procedures” in the Company’s AIF dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Hours Expended on Audit Attributed to Persons Other than the Principal Accountant’s Employees. Not Applicable. 40-F 6 Sheet Arrangements. Information regarding the Company’s sheet arrangements is set forth in the discussion of risk in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. The notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F include the following disclosures related to sheet arrangements: Note 8 Risk Management - Securities Lending, Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Transactions Note 17 Interests in Structured Entities Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations. Information regarding the Company’s contractual obligations is set forth under the heading “ Additional Disclosures – Contractual Obligations” in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Identification of the Audit Committee. Information regarding the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) is set forth under the heading “Audit Committee – Composition of the Audit Committee” in the Company’s AIF dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. Independence of Directors. A majority of the directors and all members of the Board’s standing committees must be independent so that the Board operates independently of management. A director is independent if he or she does not have a direct or indirect relationship with the Company that could reasonably be expected to interfere with the director’s ability to exercise independent judgment. The Company has established an independence policy for the Board which is consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including those established under Canadian and U.S. securities law, the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. The independence policy is available on our website (www.manulife.com). Each year the Board, with the assistance of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, reviews the independence of each director and has determined that 12 of the 13 directors serving on the Board as of December 31, 2025 are independent and that the members of the Audit Committee and the Management Resources and Compensation Committee meet the additional independence requirements for those committees. As CEO, Phil Witherington is not independent. Presiding Director at Meetings of Directors. The independent directors meet regularly with senior executives and have an opportunity to meet privately without management present during closed sessions held at each Board and committee meeting. They may also use these sessions to meet privately with members of management or independent advisors. In addition, the independent directors meet without the CEO present to review the performance and approve the compensation of the CEO, to review the Board’s effectiveness assessments and to approve the Board’s objectives for the following year. Communication with Directors. Shareholders wishing to contact directors of the Company may write to the Chair of the Board, in care of the Corporate Secretary, at the head office of the Company, 200 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M4W 1E5. Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Company’s governance practices are consistent in all material respects with the requirements of the Insurance Companies Act (Canada), the corporate governance guidelines established by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) and by the Canadian Securities Administrators, the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance rules for domestic issuers and the 40-F 7 applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations. The Company’s statement of corporate governance practices is posted on the corporate governance section of our website and is available at: https://www.manulife.com/en/about/corporate- governance.html Board Committee Charters. The Board has established four standing committees to assist it in fulfilling its mandate: Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Audit Committee, Risk Committee, and Management Resources and Compensation Committee. All of the members of the standing committees are independent. Each committee reviews and, as necessary, updates its charter every year and monitors compliance with its charter on a regular basis. Each committee chair reports to the Board on the committee’s deliberations and any recommendations that require Board approval. The committee charters and the position description for the committee chairs are posted on the corporate governance section of our website and are available at: https://www.manulife.com/en/about/ .html 40-F 8 UNDERTAKING AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS A. Undertaking . Registrant undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities registered pursuant to Form 40-F; the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. B. Consent to Service of Process. The Company has previously filed a Form F-X in connection with the class of securities in relation to which the obligation to file this Annual Report arises. Any change to the name or address of the Registrant’s agent for service of process shall be communicated promptly to the Commission by amendment to the Form F-X referencing the file number of the Registrant. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40-F and has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized, on February 11, 2026. Manulife Financial Corporation By: /s/ Michael F. Coyne Name: Michael F. Coyne Title: General Counsel EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Description 97.1 Executive Officer Clawback Policy 99.1 Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 202 5 99.2 Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 99.3 Annual Information Form dated February 11, 2026 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 99.4 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 99.5 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 99.6 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 99.7 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 99.8 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 99.9 Consent of Appointed Actuary 101 Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)