BETA Close X Balfour Beatty has secured a significant two-year contract valued at £325 million from Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks (SSEN) for the Netherton Hub project in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. This contract, awarded through SSEN's Accelerated Strategic Transmission Investment Offshore Framework, involves Balfour Beatty delivering essential earthworks and civil infrastructure, including platforms for substations and converter stations, as well as an operations base. The Netherton Hub is crucial for strengthening the UK's national grid and facilitating the transmission of renewable energy from northern Scotland. The project is expected to employ over 800 people at its peak, with a commitment to apprentices and graduates. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 25 June 2026 News Release BALFOUR BEATTY AWARDED £325 MILLION SSEN CONTRACT TO DELIVER NETHERTON HUB Balfour Beatty, the international infrastructure group, today announces it has been awarded a two-year contract worth £325 million by Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks (SSEN) to deliver the Netherton Hub in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The award, secured through SSEN's Accelerated Strategic Transmission Investment Offshore Framework, builds on Balfour Beatty's earlier appointment in 2025 to deliver enabling works at the site. The Netherton Hub will strengthen the UK's national grid and enable renewable energy from northern Scotland to be transmitted efficiently to demand centres nationwide. Balfour Beatty will deliver the earthworks and civil infrastructure, including five platforms to support the two substations and three converter stations, as well as an operations base and associated facilities. Philip Hoare, Balfour Beatty Group Chief Executive, said: "Securing this contract reinforces Balfour Beatty's position at the forefront of the UK's energy infrastructure market. "The Netherton Hub will play a pivotal role in enabling the delivery of secure, homegrown, low-carbon power at scale. We are proud to be working with SSEN to deliver infrastructure of such national importance - drawing on our proven expertise in complex, large-scale projects." A workforce of over 800 will be employed at peak construction with over 5% of the workforce made up of apprentices and graduates, in line with the company's commitment to The 5% Club. ​ ENDS Enquiries to: Investor and analyst enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)7858 368527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Talha Haroun Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 talha.haroun@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with over 26,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 117, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation; constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong; and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at one of the busiest airports in the world, Los Angeles International Airport. · As a member of The 5% Club , a dynamic movement of employers committed to providing 'earn and learn' positions', Balfour Beatty employs 8.9% of its workforce in apprenticeship, graduate and sponsored student roles. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and