BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc announced that Myles Westcott will assume the role of Group Chief Financial Officer following the AGM on May 7, 2026, succeeding Philip Harrison who will step down from the Board after more than ten years in the position. Philip Harrison will remain with the Group in an advisory capacity for four months to ensure a seamless transition. Consequently, the resolution to re-elect Philip Harrison as a Director has been withdrawn, though this does not impact other resolutions or proxy votes already submitted. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 24 April 2026 Balfour Beatty plc 24 April 2026 Myles Westcott, Group Chief Financial officer, date of appointment Balfour Beatty plc, the international infrastructure group, today announces that, further to the announcement released on 24 February 2026, Myles Westcott will commence as Group Chief Financial Officer following the AGM on 7 May 2026. Consequently, Philip Harrison will step down from the Board following more than 10 years as Chief Financial Officer on the same date. Philip will continue in an advisory capacity to the Group for four months to ensure a smooth transition. The Company confirms that Resolution 9, to re-elect Philip Harrison as a Director of the Company, is now withdrawn. The withdrawal of resolution 9 does not otherwise affect the validity of the Notice of Meeting, the proxy form or any proxy votes already submitted on other proposed resolutions. The numbering of all other proposed resolutions at the AGM will remain unchanged. Analyst/investor enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)785 836 8527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Vivienne Dunn Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 vivienne.dunn@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 27,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 100 years, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation; constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong; and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at the fifth busiest airport in the world, Los Angeles International Airport. Legal Entity Identifier: CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 52 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 52 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 52 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 52 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and