BETA Close X Balfour Beatty PLC announced the appointment of Melody Meyer and Sandra Stash as Non-Executive Directors, effective July 13, 2026, and members of the Remuneration Committee. Both appointees bring extensive international board and executive experience in capital-intensive and safety-critical industries, with significant backgrounds in energy and infrastructure. Meyer previously held senior roles at Chevron and served on the boards of AbbVie Inc., Airswift Parent LLC, NOV Inc., and BP plc. Stash has a four-decade career in the global energy sector, including leadership positions at Tullow Oil, Talisman Energy, and BP America, and currently serves on the boards of ACWA Power and Trans Mountain Company. Their appointments are expected to strengthen and balance the board, particularly supporting the growth of Balfour Beatty's US business. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 06 July 2026 News Release BALFOUR BEATTY APPOINTS MELODY MEYER AND SANDRA STASH AS NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS Balfour Beatty, the international infrastructure group, today announces the appointment of Melody Meyer and Sandra (Sandy) Stash as Non-Executive Directors of the Company and members of the Remuneration Committee, with effect from 13 July 2026. Melody Meyer Melody brings extensive international board and executive experience across complex, capital intensive and safety critical industries. She currently serves as a Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Public Policy & Sustainability Committee and member of the Audit Committee of AbbVie Inc and as a Non-Executive Director of Airswift Parent LLC. She previously served as a Non-Executive Director on the boards of NOV Inc. and of BP plc, where she chaired the Safety and Sustainability Committee and was a member of the Remuneration Committee. Prior to her non-executive positions, Melody had a distinguished 37-year executive career with Chevron, culminating in her role as President of Chevron Asia Pacific Exploration & Production, where she was responsible for large-scale international operations, major capital projects and a workforce of over 11,000 employees across multiple jurisdictions. Commenting on her appointment, Melody Meyer said: "I am delighted to be joining the Board of Balfour Beatty at an exciting time for the Group. I look forward to working with my fellow Directors to support the delivery of its strategy and continued focus on operational excellence, sustainability and long-term value creation." Sandy Stash Sandy is a highly experienced international Non-Executive Director with a strong track record across infrastructure, energy and capital-intensive industries. She currently serves on the boards of ACWA Power and Trans Mountain Company, where share chairs the Operations and HSE Committee, and has previously held Non-Executive Director roles at Diversified Energy Company plc, where she was Senior Independent Director, EVRAZ plc, Medallion Midstream, Lucid Energy, and Chaarat Gold. Sandy's executive career spans over four decades in the global energy sector, including senior leadership roles at Tullow Oil including Executive Vice President, Safety, Operations and Engineering, Talisman Energy and BP America. She has deep expertise in operational excellence, engineering, safety-critical environments, risk management and the delivery of large-scale, complex projects across international markets. Commenting on her appointment, Sandy Stash said: " I am pleased to be joining Balfour Beatty's Board to contribute to a business with a strong track record in delivering complex infrastructure projects globally. I look forward to supporting the Group's continued focus on safety, performance and sustainable profitable growth." Lord Charles Allen of Kensington, CBE and Chair of Balfour Beatty said: " I am delighted to welcome Melody and Sandy to the Board of Balfour Beatty. They bring significant international experience and strong track records in major projects, safety critical delivery, operational performance, risk and governance. "Both are based in the US, and their appointments will further strengthen and balance the Board, particularly as we continue to grow our US business to support the Group's profitable growth strategy." "Melody's extensive experience in global energy companies and major capital programmes, combined with her insight into strategy, sustainability and technology, will be invaluable to the Group. "Sandy's breadth of experience across complex, regulated and safety-critical environments, together with her strong track record in overseeing operational performance and risk, will further strengthen the Board's capability. "I look forward to working with Melody and Sandy as we continue to execute our strategy, deliver critical infrastructure and create long-term value for all our stakeholders." No further information is required to be disclosed under LR 6.4.6. ENDS Analyst/investor enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)785 836 8527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Vivienne Dunn Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 vivienne.dunn@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group delivering the complex, critical infrastructure that keeps economies moving and communities connected. · With around 26,000 employees, we finance, develop, build, maintain and operate essential infrastructure across the UK, US and Asia, combining deep engineering and construction expertise with long-term investment capability. · For over one hundred years, we have delivered landmark projects around the world. Today, our teams are helping to deliver major programmes including Hinkley Point C, the UK's first new nuclear power station in a generation; the Lyric Theatre in Hong Kong, a world-class cultural venue at the heart of the West Kowloon Cultural District; and the Knox Street Development in Dallas, Texas, a major mixed-use scheme helping to reshape one of the city's most vibrant neighbourhoods. Legal Entity Identifier: CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and