Balfour Beatty pic
Building
New
Futures

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

un |

:

3SNOH S3INVdNOO
‘$z0z/S0/60
USHASTZIV+

Sve

About us

Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 27,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping
thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow.

We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies, and
deliver projects at the heart of local communities

Find out more at: www-balfourbeatty.com

In this report

Well positioned in growth markets.
We are leveraging our expertise and proven track record to capitalise on high-growth markets to secure new opportunities.

pia

igital and Al advancements
‘Our digital-irst approach enhances safety, productivity and assurance through Al, data lakes and

p22

Icon Awards

In 2024, we celebrated our inaugural Icon Awards at the world-class V&A Museum in London, bringing together almost 400 colleagues from across the UK, US and Hong Kong
to celebrate the very best of Balfour Beatty.

p74
{Look out forthe Icon Awards logo to read our winners’ stories throughout the report.

Front cover image:

(Left to right) Martina Doussias, Senior Project Accountant, Nick Stenman, Assistant Superintendent, and Karli Franks, Marketing Lead, on site at the Southwestern College Student Union project in
California,

Photo credit: Emil Kara, Multimedia Manager ~ US Buildings.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024 1

Financial performance

The Group has presented financial performance measures which aré considered most relevant to the Group and used to manage the Group's performance. An explanation of
these measures and appropriate reconciliations to statutory measures are provided on pages 80 to 85.

208,587
218,280
228,931
239,595
2410.015,

Order book’
bn

2018.4
211641
22474
23165
24184

Statutory profit for the year £m
2030
21139
22287
23196
24178

Statutory earnings per share (basic) Pence
2044

21213

22489

23353

24342

Underlying profit from operations (PFO) £m
2051

21197

270

23.28

24248

Net cash £m
20581
21790
22818

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024 2

23.842
24.943

Statutory net cashi(borro
20138
21418
22401
23495
26.448

Dividends per share Pence
2018

2190

22105

ais

24125

Underlying earnings per share (basic) Pence
2037

21207

247s

23373

24438

Statutory revenue £m
207,320
217.185
227629
237.993
240234

Key

Performance measures

Statutory measures

1 Including share of joint ventures and associat

before non-underying items.

Contents

Strategic report
Financial performance

Balfour Beatty at a glance

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Group Chair's introduction
Our business model
Group Chief Executive's review

Market review

Our strategy: Build to Last

Stakeholder value

Operational review

Directors’ valuation of the Investments portfolio
Health, safety and wellbeing
Ethics and compliance

Tax strategy

Sustainability

Our people

Non-financial and sustainabil

information statement

Measuring our financial performance

Chief Financial Officer's review

Risk management

Viability statement

Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Governance
Board leadership and Company purpose

Division of responsibilities
Comp

n, succession and evaluation
Nomination Committee

Safety and Sustainability Committee
Audit and Risk Committee
Remuneration Committee

Directors’ report

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

10
14
24

88

8

47
48
68
79
80
86
89
106
107

117
132
136
140
144
146
153
175

Independent auditor's report
Financial statements
Notes to the financial statements

Other information
Unaudited Group five-year summary

Shareholder information

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

179
188
198

276
27

Balfour Beatty at a glance
International infrastructure experts

Group highlights
Revenue’
£10,015m

Underlying profit before tax
£289m

Number of employees
27,000

Directors’ valuation Investments portfolio
£1.3bn

Group order book!
£18.4bn

United Kingdom
£9.4bn

United States
£7.1bn

Hong Kong
£1.9bn

1 Incluging sh

of joint ventures and associates.

Our Cultural Framework
Balfour Beatty's Cultural Framework provides a simple and clear view of our purpose, values and behaviours under our Build to Last strategy. The framework reflects who we
are now as an international group, who we want to be, what we value and what drives the way we work.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024 6

Our purpose
Building New Futures
‘We are leading the transformation of our industry to meet the challenges of the future.

Our strategy

Build to Last

Build to Last is our strategy for continuous improvement.

Our values

Lean

Expert

Trusted

Safe

‘Sustainable

Our values reflect the norms and beliefs that drive the way we work and how we measure ourselves.

Our behaviours

Talk positively

Collaborate relentlessly

Encourage constantly

Make a difference

Value everyone

Our behaviours reflect the things we will do to consistently deliver to the standard set out in our values.

Our Code of Ethics

(Our Code of Ethics is the foundation of everything we do. It provides a clear direction on the standards, values and expectations that guide the behaviours of our employees
and supply chain partners.

p24 and 25
Find out more about our strategy and values
[QR code] Scan or click to find out more about our cultural framework

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024 7

Find out more in our Business model
section

Selective bidding for contracts
‘Our stringent gated lifecycle process
allows us to carefully control our project
Portfolio on an ongoing basis.

Financial performance

1 Including share of joint venture and associates.

Construction Services

Specialises in the design and
construction of major infrastructure and
building projects in the UK, US and
Hong Kong.

{Image}

Hong Kong International Airport for the Airport
‘Authority Hong Kong,

Order book*
£15.2bn

Revenue!

£8,199m

Underlying profit from operations
£159m

Statutory profit from operations
£87m

p3t

Find out more in our Operational review

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

‘Support Services

Maintains, upgrades and manages vital
services across the power transmission,
distribution, utilities, road and rail
sectors.

{image}

Tealing Substation, Scotland for SSEN
Transmission. -

Order book'
£3.2bn

Revenue’

£1,210m

Underlying profit from operations
£93m

Statutory profit from operations
£93m

p35

Find out more in our Operational review

Infrastructure Investments
Operates and maintains infrastructure
projects and a portfolio of military and
multifamily housing and student
accommodation assets.

[image]

JBWS Charleston Homes, military family
housing for the US Navy.

Directors’ valuation
£1.3bn

Revenue!

£606m

underlying profit before tax
£54m

Statutory profit before tax
£51m

p36

Find out more in our Operat

Group Chair's introduction

Shaping the future of infrastructure

Charles Allen

Lord Allen of Kensington, CBE
Non-executive Group Chair
Image of Chair]

Dear Shareholders,
Throughout 2024, the world witnessed profound changes ~ from ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine and geo-political landscapes being reshaped by key

elections, to groundbreaking advancements in artificial intelligence. Against this dynamic global backdrop, Balfour Beatty started 2025 very well positioned for contin
success, with infrastructure widely established as a driver and enabler of economic growth, energy security and rewarding careers.

After a decade of remarkable transformation, 2024 was a defining year for Balfour Beatty. The Group has solidified its leadership in the industry, strengthened its brand, and
delivered a strong financial performance. We see significant opportunities across our four growth markets — energy, defence and transport in the UK, and buildings in the US —
with notable new projects contributing to a high-quality order book. Most importantly, our unwavering commitment to health, safety, and wellbeing has been a beacon of
excellence, setting the standard for industry-leading performance.

From this position, your Board is confident that Balfour Beatty's people, resilience, innovation, and dedication ensure that we are not just securing the future of the Group but
actively shaping the future of the infrastructure industry.

New Board appointments

During 2024, | had the pleasure of welcoming three exceptional leaders to the Balfour Beatty Board: Robert MacLeod, Gabby Costigan MBE, and Rudy Wynter.

Robert, now Chair of Balfour Beatty's Audit and Risk Committee, is a Chartered Accountant with an impressive track record as a CEO and CFO, and brings a wealth of
strategic, financial and commercial expertise as well as Non-executive Director experience. Gabby, now Chair of Balfour Beatty's Safety and Sustainability Committee, is an
‘Aeronautical Engineer with a rich international career, including 21 years in the Australian Amy, adding a unique perspective to our leadership. Rudy, with over 35 years in the
{gas and electricity sector, brings extensive experience in the development and construction of large-scale engineering and capital energy projects.

‘These distinguished appointments have enriched the Board with diverse insights and expertise, supporting Balfour Beatty's ambitious growth trajectory.

In March this year, following an extensive international selection process, the Board announced the appointment of Philip Hoare as Group Chief Executive Officer, a position he
will take up in September 2025. Philip, a civil engineer, built his 30-year career at AtkinsRéalis Group inc, a global engineering services and nuclear enterprise where he has
been fundamental to the growth and performance of the company, first as CEO of Atkins in the UK and Europe, and then as President of the global Engineering Services
business. In January 2024, he was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the transformed group.

His depth of industry knowledge and experience in delivering a profitable growth strategy across multiple geographies makes him the ideal person to continue to drive the
Groups success in our chosen markets.

On behalf of the Board, | pay tribute to Leo, for his exceptional and inspirational leadership of both Balfour Beatty and the industry over the last decade.

Leo has transformed Balfour Beatty into a strong, resilient Group, setting it firmly on a trajectory of profitable growth. This is underpinned by a culture across its workforce
which is committed to expertise, discipline and excellence, resulting in a trusted reputation for delivering value for all stakeholders.

Balfour Beatty pic Annual Report and Accounts 2024 9

Setting the standard in health, safety and wellbeing

In 2024, Balfour Beatty delivered its best-ever health and safety performance, with an industry-leading Lost Time Injury Rate of 0.09. With over 105 million hours worked, a
record 470,000 health and safety observations, and a remarkable 95% of employees expressing that they feel cared for in our 2024 employee engagement survey, these
achievements underscore our unwavering commitment to health, safety and wellbeing,

This success goes beyond mere numbers - it reflects our embedded culture. From the dedication of our inspirational site supervisors to the meticulous discipline in our daily
processes, often powered by pioneering digital solutions, to mitigate risks and assure compliance, every aspect of our approach is geared toward creating a safer, healthier,
and happier workplace.

An evolving sustainability strategy
In June 2024, after significant investment in our sustainability capabilities and a thorough evaluation of the developing landscape, we evolved our sustainability strategy. This

step established new targets and expanded focus areas critical to our business success — climate change, nature positive, resource efficiency, supply chain integrity,
community engagement, and employee diversity, equity and inclusion,

To future-proof our approach, we set a validated net zero target, endorsed by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and supported by a fully transparent, UK carbon
reduction plan. We also accelerated our UK target to achieve £3 billion of social value by 2030 by five years to 2025 — and | am very pleased to say that in 2024 we achieved
that target. Balfour Beatty's evolved strategy will ensure that we continue to lead in building a lasting, positive impact for our planet and our communities.

Strategic growth and a market selective approach

‘As we embark on another decade of infrastructure expansion with its unparalleled opportunities, Balfour Beatty's diverse geographical and operational portfolio, coupled with
its leading reputation in engineering and construction, positions us as critical to the delivery of transformative infrastructure projects.

The dynamic market coupled with strong governance and controls means that Balfour Beatty is well placed to select projects that align with our strengths and drive sustainable
growth for the Company.

“Balfour Beatty is well placed to select projects that align with our strengths and drive sustainable growth for the Company.”
{Image}

Lee

Charles at our ‘Meet the Affinity Networks’ event in the Canary Wharf office in London,

Building our reputation as the employer of choice
Balfour Beatty's differentiator is its depth of unique capability. Behind this lies a long-term strategy of attracting, retaining and developing top talent at all career stages. Our aim
is to become the employer of choice by combining unmatched career opportunities with a diverse and inclusive culture.

ur commitment to valuing and investing in our colleagues is a comerstone of this goal. Our approach empowers employees to transition into leadership roles, strengthening
our succession pipeline and ensuring the successful delivery of future projects. By focusing on early career development - through hiring apprentices, graduates and trainees,
now comprising over 7.3% of our workforce — and offering targeted programmes such as the Aspiring and Future Leaders initiatives in the UK and the Executive Leadership
and Development programmes in the US ~ we are cultivating the leaders of tomorrow.

ur latest employee engagement survey saw a remarkable 84% engagement score in 2024, marking our seventh year of continuous improvement, up 3% from 2023 and 11%
above the industry average, with 82% of employees participating. This strong response underscores our employees’ commitment to and pride in the business.

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024 10

Driving a productivity revolution: leading the digital and Al frontier
Harnessing transformative Al and digital technology allows us to work smarter, optimising resource allocation, streamlining processes, improving decision making, and
delivering projects with greater efficiency and precision.

‘We have made significant strides in integrating digital innovations into our operations, and this year, we are set to accelerate our progress. This commitment is underpinned by
a robust cybersecurity framework ~ a non-negotiable standard, especially in the highly regulated, high-security environments where we operate. Whether itis delivering critical
infrastructure for UK defence and nuclear sectors or supporting the US federal and state markets, including our vital work with the US military, our digital advancements are key
to maintaining the trust and security these projects demand,

Continuing to deliver a multi-year capital allocation framework

2025 marks Balfour Beatty's fifth consecutive year of share buybacks. The Company's record order book, unique end-to-end capabilities and financial strength provide a strong
platform for continuing shareholder returns balanced by maintaining an appropriate level of investment in the business and a strong capital position. 2024 saw £160 million
delivered to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends bringing total shareholder distributions to over £750 milion since the launch of our capital allocation
framework in 2021. We are confident of delivering significant future capital returns, evidenced by the c. £125 million share buyback programme announced for 2025. The Board
is also recommending a final dividend of 8.7 pence per share, giving a total recommended dividend of 12.5 pence per share for the year.

“Balfour Beatty's differentiator is its depth of unique capability. Behind this lies a long-term strategy of attracting, retaining and developing top
talent at all career stages.”

[image

Below

Charles atthe launch event of The 5% Club's Business Leadership Council in London

Conclusion

2025 ignites a decade of infrastructure evolution similar in scale to the Victorian engineers in terms of its impact on how we live, work and connect. This is Balfour Beatty's
moment ~ an era of bold change and a once in a generation opportunity. The Group expects to continue to lead the charge, delivering groundbreaking projects that will fuel
growth and enable shared prosperity

To our exceptional colleagues, trusted partners, and valued customers ~ thank you. Your unwavering commitment is at the heart of our success.

Charles Allen

Lord Allen of Kensington, CBE

Non-executive Group Chair

11 March 2025

“This is Balfour Beatty's moment — an era of bold change and a once in a generation opportunity.”

imaged
Below
Charles on a site visit to Gammon's Cyberport development, a new 10-storey office building in Hong Kong

Balfour Beatty plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024 "