iH
Haars <

F

wile! to Last

ul

~

mM

~
| i

T88M4E0G
in

29/06/2019 #67
COMPANIES HOUSE

qT

SATURDAY

Baliour Beatty

Contents

Strategic Report
Chairman's introduction

Group Chief Executive's review

Group at a glance

Market review

Business model

Our priorities

What we have been doing in 2018

Directors’ valuation of the
Investments portfolio.

Building a sustainable business

Non-financial information statement

Measuring our financial performance

Chief Financial Officer's review

Risk management

Principal risks

Viability statement

68-103

Governance

Chairman's introduction

to Corporate Governance 68
Board leadership 70
Division of responsibilities 74
Composition, succession and evaluation 75
Board Committees 77
Audit, risk and internal control 80
Audit and Risk Committee 82
Directors’ report - other disclosures 85
Remuneration report 88

Performance review by segment
What we have been doing in 2018

104-197

Financial Statements

Independent auditor's report 104
Financial statements 112
Notes to the financial statements 120

Results demonstrate the value
being created through Build to Last
Group Chief Executive's review

198-200

Other Information

Unaudited Group five-year summary

198
199

Shareholder information

Manchester Engineering Campus Development (front cover): a state-of-the-art education facility for the University of Manchester.

Leo Quinn, Group Chief Executive

Preserve at Southwind: 306 unit military community offering amenities such as a dog park and fitness centre (artist's impression).
HS2: Batfour Beatty VINCI has been awarded two major design and build contracts for High Speed 2 (artist's impression),
East Slope Residences: a £179 million student accommodation development for the University of Sussex.

Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Other Information 1

Build to Last

“Balfour Beatty's transformation has gone
beyond resolving the legacy issues of forced
growth: the Group's strong competitive
positions in large and growing infrastructure
markets, and the platform provided by its
scalable operating model, provide the ability i
to deliver profitable managed growth.”

Leo Quinn, Group Chief Executive

O@ Read more

The Group has presented financial performance measures which are considered most relevant
to the Group and used to manage the Group's performance. An explanation of these measures
and appropriate reconciliations to statutory measures are provided on pages 45 to 50.

Continuing underlying Continuing underlying profit Continuing underlying eamings | Order book’ fon
revenue’ £m from operations (PFO) £m per share (basic) Pence
8215 8234

2016 ©2017, 2018 2016 = 2017-2018 2016 ©2017-2018

Statutory revenue £m Statutory profit for the year £m | Statutory eamings per share
(basic) Pence
69236916 gay

4

2016 20172018 2016 = 20172018 2016 ©2017-2018 20172018
1 Underlying revenue and order book include share of joint ventures and associates.

balfourbeatty.com/AR2018.

Chairman's introduction

This is the fourth occasion | have _ This transformation has been achieved in

written to you as Chairman of
your Board, and once again |
am pleased to be able to report
on significant improvements in
your Company's performance.

The financial results delivered
in 2018 demonstrate the extent
to which Balfour Beatty has
been transformed through the
Build to Last programme and
the value being created

Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2018

uncertain times. Events in our sector have
included the collapse of Carillion and the
refinancing challenges of other players,
with the resulting impacts felt throughout
the supply chain. More widely, we continue
to experience delayed decisions caused by
political uncertainties in the UK and abroad.
These factors highlight the advantages
accruing to a company, such as Balfour
Beatty, which is financially strong,
disciplined and with leading positions in
large and growing infrastructure markets.

Today, the organisation is leaner

and more effective; totally focused on
outstanding delivery for its customers
and on improving performance every day.
We have achieved our target of industry
standard margins in all our businesses
and have a growing, higher quality order
book. Notwithstanding our investments
in leadership, capability, systems and
governance, we have continued to pay
down debt and, for the third consecutive
year, are recommending payment of a
progressive dividend. Most pleasingly,
our safety, customer satisfaction and
employee engagement levels have

all improved.

Thanks to the support and enthusiasm
of our employees in embracing Build
to Last over the past four years, we
now have a Balfour Beatty fit and
ready to seize the exciting opportunities
presented by its markets.

@

Whether in tie feonits
prfacts wo will deliver, or
inemessing the advances
thimovetion and tachnalegy

thet wil cevelutionise our
industry, we have the foaus,
the deste end the eepetillity
to shape the world exound
us for memny years to come.”
[enilipyaikentAM}

Markets

Construction — or, in its widest context,
infrastructure - comprises between 6% and
7% of GDP in our core markets. This spend
has a multiplier effect delivering for the
economy three times the initial investment.
It shapes how and where we live, work

and travel and most importantly underpins
economic growth.

With Balfour Beatty now focused on the

UK, US and Hong Kong - markets where
Governments are planning large-scale
infrastructure investment for the coming
decades — and with the Group's unique blend
of capabilities underpinned by a strong and
scalable business model, we expect Balfour
Beatty to continue to deliver the major iconic
projects that will shape the world we live in.

In the UK, given the uncertainty over the UK's
exit from the European Union, our business
has been planning for all potential outcomes.
We now have contingency plans in place to
mitigate foreseeable issues and ensure we
continue to deliver on our current and future
work commitments.

Our people

On behalf of the Board, | would like to

thank everyone who has contributed to

Balfour Beatty's strong business performance
in 2018, including our customers and supply
chain partners, and especially our hard-working
employees. Itis their dedication and relentless
focus on operational excellence in delivering
for our customers that has enabled us to
achieve such major strides forward.

Governance

Financial Statements

Other Information 3

We continue to upgrade the strength and
depth of our leadership team to ensure our
ability to capture the opportunities presented
by our markets in a way which produces
prosperity for all stakeholders, and profitable
managed growth for the business.

Health and Safety remains at the heart of

our culture and our licence to operate. We are
making encouraging progress towards our
Safe goal, measured by Zero Harm, which is
no injury, ill health or incident caused by our
work activities. Incident rates have continued
to reduce across our UK and US businesses
—by almost 50% in the four years of Build to
Last. Our Lost Time Injury Rate has reduced
to. 0.15 in 2018.

There were no fatalities across our business
in 2018 as a direct result of our activities.
However, | regret to report the deaths of

two people working for our subcontractors
due to third party incursions into our work
sites. In the US, one person died as a result
of a vehicle being driven by an intoxicated
driver entering a temporary lane closure;

in the UK, one person died and another
sustained life-changing injuries following a
vehicle incursion into a work site on a road
maintenance contract. It is a sad reminder that
tragedy occurs even where works are carried
out with all the expected controls for risk in
place. Our thoughts are with the bereaved.

Our work on treating health like safety
and treating mental health like physical
health continues with raising awareness
of the issues across the Group and
through our commitment to initiatives
such as Mates in Mind.

We will continue to strive for Zero Harm in
2019, embedding industry best practice
and exploring all ways to learn from cross-
industry reviews to make conditions as
safe as possible for our workforce and
those who work on and around our sites.

The Board

Balfour Beatty is committed to building

a truly diverse workforce by attracting the
most talented people from all genders and
backgrounds - this starts with the Board.

| was therefore delighted to appoint Anne
Drinkwater in December 2018. Anne brings
a powerful range of experience in strategic,
commercial and operational roles spanning
over thirty years in the energy industry.

Her extensive knowledge of projects and
operations across multiple jurisdictions,
and particularly in the US, will support
Balfour Beatty's increasing presence

in this key market.

Following our AGM in May, lain Ferguson
will stand down as Senior Independent
Director and Chair of our Remuneration
Committee. lain leaves with my sincere
thanks for his significant contribution to
Balfour Beatty's current success and | wish
him well for the future. Stephen Billingham
will become Senior Independent Director
and Anne Drinkwater will become Chair

of our Remuneration Committee.

Dividend

The Group's financial performance

for 2018 demonstrates the value being
created through Build to Last. As a result,
your Board has felt able to recommend
an increase in the final dividend to 3.2p.
per ordinary share, bringing the total
dividend for the year to 4.8p per share.

Conclusion

This year Balfour Beatty is 110 years old.
We have an amazing history of delivering
projects for our customers and we are

in robust health for the long term.
Whether in the iconic projects we will deliver,
or in harnessing the advances in innovation
and technology that will revolutionise our
industry, we have the focus, the desire.
and the capability to shape the world
around us for many years to come.

For my part, and on behalf of your Board,
| want to add that we look forward with
confidence in Balfour Beatty's continuing
success, based on the strong framework
now in place to ensure that the business
delivers market leading performance.

( >

Philip Aiken AM
Chairman

balfourbeatty.com/AR2018

Group Chief Executive's review

These results demonstrate

the value being created through
the Build to Last programme.
Balfour Beatty's transformation
has gone beyond resolving the
legacy issues of forced growth:
the Group's strong competitive
positions in large and growing
infrastructure markets, and the
platform provided by its scalable
operating model, provide the
ability to deliver profitable
managed growth.

Since the start of Build to Last in 2015,
Balfour Beatty has simplified and refocused
its operations, embedded new governance,
reduced operating expenses by almost 40%
and invested steadily in innovation, capability
and leadership. As well as the delivery of all
Build to Last targets, culminating in industry
standard margins, every metric for a culture
which is Lean, Expert, Trusted and Safe
shows significant continuous improvement.
To ensure these improvements are
sustainable, they are embedded within
consistent systems and processes which
address risk and provide management

with transparency and control.

The Group reported an underlying profit
from operations (PFO) of £205 million
(2017: £196 million) driven by improvements
in the earnings based businesses. In the
second half of the year, UK Construction,
US Construction and Support Services

all reported underlying PFO margins

in, or above, the range of industry

standard margins.

Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Underlying earnings per share from
continuing operations increased 26% to
26.3 pence per share (2017: 20.9 pence)
and the Board has recommended a 33%
increase in the final dividend giving a total
recommended dividend for the year of
4.8 pence per share (2017: 3.6 pence).

Cash remains Balfour Beatty's compass
and ultimately the most reliable barometer
of financial performance. During the

year, the Group had average net cash of
£194 million (2017: £42 million) and at year
end, the Group had net cash of £337 million
(2017: £335 million). During the year,
Balfour Beatty paid down over 40%

of its gross debt including repayment

of the convertible bonds.

Balfour Beatty's net cash position and the
value of its Investments portfolio underline
the ongoing strength of the balance sheet,
which constitutes a strong competitive
benefit with customers and supply chain
partners. The Investments portfolio is a
strategic source of value and opportunity
to the Group's businesses. The Directors’
valuation of the Investments portfolio has
remained broadly stable at £1.15 billion
(2017: £1.24 billion), following £58 million
of investments and £187 million of
disposals in the year.

The order book increased by 11%

to £12.6 billion (2017: £11.4 billion),

This increase occurred whilst maintaining
disciplined selective bidding in line with
the Group's stated policy. The businesses
increased bid margin thresholds and
focused on projects where Balfour
Beatty's capabilities can deliver value,
coupled with a lower risk profile, to ensure
that the Group wins work at appropriate
terms and conditions.

These results demonstrate
the value being created
through the Build to

Last programme.”

Leo Quinn
Group Chief Executive

The transformation of the Group continues
to be measured against its Build to Last
goals of Lean, Expert, Trusted and Safe,
using cash flow and profit from operations,
employee engagement, customer
satisfaction and Zero Harm, respectively.

In Lean, the governance and processes
introduced during Build to Last have driven
improved performance in all business
segments and ensured that the earnings
based businesses achieved industry
standard margins in the second half of 2018
At the start of 2018, the Group extended
its investment in systems standardisation
with the migration of its US businesses
onto a single JD Edwards ERP platform.
This transition was achieved smoothly

and followed the consolidation of the UK
Construction business onto Oracle R12.
These moves will enable the Group to drive
significant ongoing value through increased
productivity underpinned by greater
transparency and assurance.

During the year the Group launched its 25

by 2025 vision. With the goal to reduce onsite
activity by 25% by 2025 Balfour Beatty will
increasingly use modular, innovation and digital
solutions, in order to become more productive
and efficient. From modular on tall towers
such as the Madison project in London to the
prefabrication of bridges at the £1 billion A14
project, the Group will look increasingly to
utilise offsite manufacturing. With enhanced
BIM modelling, virtual reality, drones and laser
scanning, new technologies are transforming
the construction industry. Properly applied,
they have the power to lower cost, improve
quality and enhance safety.

Customers contract with Balfour Beatty
due to the engineering excellence and Expert
capabilities of the Group and its employees.

Governance

Financial Statements

Other Information 5

In a market where there will be increasing
intense competition for the best talent, Balfour
Beatty places a major focus on recruitment,
training and retention in order to maintain

the highest calibre workforce. The employee
survey in December 2018 measured
employee engagement at 65% (2017: 60%),
the highest level of engagement since the
introduction of the survey in 2015.

Leadership changes made at the start of
2018 are already delivering benefits. In US
Construction, the promotion of two internal
candidates to lead the Buildings and Civils
businesses, has delivered an improved
overall performance with growing
momentum in the pipeline. In Support
Services, where the Power T&D, Gas &
Water and Rail businesses work with similar
types of customers, uniting this expertise
has increased flexibility and productivity.

Balfour Beatty continues its sponsorship

of The 5% Club, which encourages
employers to provide ‘earn and learn’

training opportunities to help address the
UK's skills gap and drive economic prosperity
more widely across society. During 2018,
Balfour Beatty recruited 102 apprentices,

94 graduates and 20 trainees. The percentage
of the UK workforce in ‘earn and learn’
positions at year end stood at 5.6%.
Membership of The 5% Club now includes
key customers and supply chain partners

of Balfour Beatty, all committed to ensuring
the sector has the right capability required to
support the growing infrastructure market.

Trusted is Balfour Beatty doing “what we
say we will do” and is measured by customer
satisfaction. During the year, over 4,000
customer satisfaction reviews were carried
out (2017: 3,375), primarily in the UK.

The Group customer satisfaction average
increased to 97% (2017: 94%).

Following the successful completion of
Build to Last Phase One targets at the end
of 2016 (£200 million Cash In: £100 million
Cost Out) the Group has now delivered

its Phase Two targets with all earnings
based businesses achieving industry
standard margins in the second half

of 2018 as follows:

Underlying Underlying PFO

PFO margin margin

target H2 2018

% %

UK Construction 23% 24%
US Construction 1.2% 15%
Support Services 35% 5.2%

The Group now has a higher quality order
book with work won at appropriate levels
of risk and return. Combined with the Gated
Lifecycle, the Digital Briefcase and Project
on a Page, the governance and controls
introduced under Build to Last provide
management with a clear, consistent line

of sight on all stages of work which is being
bid and delivered, together with key tools
for managing commercial risk and project
execution. This common contracting
framework enables Balfour Beatty to:
selectively bid business to match capability;
assess and price risk appropriately; track,
and thus intervene on, execution all the way
through the lifecycle of a project, including
the defect period; and ultimately to achieve
higher margins for the Construction Services
and Support Services businesses.

By maintaining Build to Last disciplines,
underpinned by actions which have reduced
geographic, commercial, operational and
financial risk, the Group continues to embed

a culture of active risk mitigation by investing

in capability and IT-based processes and
controls. Balfour Beatty is ensuring a more
collaborative working environment which is
being supported by the Group's investment in
systems such as the roll-out of the Microsoft
Office 365 platform across the Group.

Balfour Beatty is also continuing to take steps
to better capture and utilise real-time data on
projects to provide unparalleled transparency,
efficiency and forecasting through the
enhancements of visual management,
collaboration with project stakeholders through
BIM enhancements, and accelerating business.
intelligence for better business agility.

Construction is an inherently dangerous
industry. It is therefore essential that the
safety and health of everyone who comes
into contact with Balfour Beatty is the top
priority. Each week the Executive Committee
reviews the safety performance of each of
the business units with particular attention

to lessons which should be learnt from any
high potential near miss incidents, as well

as gauging the status of the Group's safety
culture. Safety is also a leading indicator

of future performance and productivity.

In 2018, the indicators continued to trend
Positively, with the Group's Lost Time Injury
Rate (LTIR) (excluding international joint
ventures) reducing for the fourth consecutive
year to 0.15 (2017: 0.17). This LTIR is now
approximately 50% of the rate when Build
to Last commenced and all other key lagging
indicators also continue to trend positively.

The Group primarily operates across

three geographies (UK, US and Hong Kong)
and three sectors (Construction Services,
Support Services and Infrastructure
Investments). This provides resilience as
the Group is less exposed to a downturn

in a single geography or sector.

Overall, the trading environment for Balfour
Beatty's chosen markets and capabilities
remains favourable.

In the UK, Government policy continues to
drive a strong pipeline of major infrastructure
projects in transport and energy. Over the
next few years, the ‘4Hs’ - HS2 (high speed
rail), new nuclear power at Hinkley Point C,
the Road Investment Strategy for Highways
England and the continued expansion of
Heathrow airport — will contribute to the
Government's investment in infrastructure
commitment, which is targeted to rise

from 0.8% in 2015/16 to over 1% of GDP
by 2020/21.

In the US, with blue chip repeat customers
such as Disney and Microsoft, the Group's
Buildings opportunities are robust. In Civils
in December 2015, the FAST Act (Fixing
America’s Surface Transportation), a
US$305 billion transportation bill, was signed,
providing authorised spending for a five-year
period. There are further opportunities being
created, for example with the number of
state-backed infrastructure bonds (over
US$200 billion multi-state transportation
bonds, over US$35 billion of education
bonds in California) and increases in: US
public-private partnership schemes; state
gasoline taxes; and local county sales taxes
dedicated to local infrastructure.

Gammon has a material share of the attractive
Hong Kong market. Both the Buildings and
Civils markets are favourable with significant
opportunities upcoming with the third runway
at the international airport, a ten-year hospital
development plan and continued investment
in transportation infrastructure.

Having achieved industry standard margins,
Balfour Beatty now has the platform in place to
scale the business to drive profitable managed
growth. The Group will look to benefit fully
from its strong competitive positions in large
and growing infrastructure markets to deliver
market leading performance.

io bo

Leo Quinn
Group Chief Executive

balfourbeatty.com/AR2018.

Group at a glance

International infrastructure experts

Order book"

£12.6bn

2017: £11.4bn

Underlying revenue*

£7,802m

2017: £8,234m

Statutory revenue

£6,634m

2017: £6,916m

Underlying profit
before tax"

£181m

2017: £165m

Statutory profit
before tax

£123m

2017: £117m

Directors’ valuation

£1.15bn

2017: £1.24bn*

Employees*

26,000

2017: 28,000

Balfour Beatty is a leading international
infrastructure group, providing the
structures and services that underpin
daily lives, support communities and
enable economic growth. The Group
finances, designs, develops, builds
and maintains complex infrastructure.
It works across sectors such as
transportation, power, utilities, and
social and commercial buildings, and
delivers projects across three main
geographies: the UK, the US

and Hong Kong.

Throughout this report, Balfour Beatty has presented
financial performance measures which are used to
manage the Group's performance. These financial
performance measures are chosen to provide a
balanced view of the Group's operations and are
considered to provide relevant information on the
Group's past or future performance, position or cash
flows. These measures are also aligned to measures
used internally to assess business performance in
the Group's budgeting process and when determining
compensation. An explanation of the Group's
financial performance measures and appropriate
reconciliations to statutory measures are provided

on pages 45 to 50.

Readers of the Annual Report and Accounts are
encouraged to review the financial statements

in their entirety.

Image: HK$5.5 billion contract to construct
the final stages of the Lyric Theatre Complex
{artist's impression).

‘ From continuing operations including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-underlying items.
4 2017 valuation includes £62 million relating to the 7.5% second partial disposal of the Connect Plus M25 asset, as the
disposal proceeds had not been received at year end. The proceeds were subsequently received on 23 February 2018.

+ Includes Gammon employees.

Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Governance

Financial Statements

Other Information 7

Construction Services

The Construction Services businesses
in the UK, the US, and in joint venture
in Hong Kong, are top tier and all
operate across the infrastructure
and building sectors.

Total revenue”

Support Services

Support Services designs, upgrades,
manages and maintains critical national
infrastructure, and its capabilities
complement both Construction Services
and Infrastructure Investments.

Total revenue*

Order book*

£9.8bn

2017: £8.3bn

Underlying revenue*

£6,127m

2017: £6,649m

Underlying profit from operations*

Order book*

£2.8bn

2017: £3.1bn

Underlying revenue*

£1,104m

2017: £1,061m

Underlying profit from operations*

Infrastructure Investments

The Infrastructure Investments business
is a recognised leader in public private
partnerships (PPP) and other developments.
in the UK and the US. Its activities generate
additional construction and service work
for other parts of the Group.

Total revenue”

. 7% ;

Directors’ valuation

£1.15bn

2017: £1.24bn*

Underlying revenue”

£571m

2017: £524m

Underlying profit before tax*

£95m

2017: £72m

Statutory profit from operations

£46m

2017: £41m

Statutory profit from operations

£1138m

2017: £140m

Statutory profit before tax

£46m

2017: £36m

What we do
~ Civil engineering

= Building
- Ground engineering

- Mechanical and electrical installation
— Refurbishment and fit-out

= Rail engineering

©65) see Construction Services

£39m

2017: £39m

What we do
— Design, build, upgrade and maintain
water, gas and electricity networks

— Highways network management,
operation and maintenance

— Rail design, renewals and technology

© see Support Services

£111m

2017: £134m

What we do
- Develop and finance both public
and private infrastructure projects

— Operate a portfolio of long-term
infrastructure projects

— Develop and maintain a large network of
military housing facilities across the US

© see Infrastructure Investments

balfourbeatty.com/AR2018.

Market review

Infrastructure spend continues to grow;
Buildings market stable

UK and US infrastructure spend Construction Services
continues upwards trajectory, backed
by strong government support.

Medium-term market outlook

Infrastructure Buildings

UK @ 9
US @ ;)
Hongitong @ oO

UK

The infrastructure market outlook is positive, underpinned by
government expenditure and key programmes (Heathrow, Nuclear
New Build, HS2 and Highways England's programmes). Overall, the
Government has pledged to spend over £600 billion on infrastructure
in the next 10 years’

Buildings markets are likely to remain flat in the medium term.
2019 is forecast to see a downturn in activity as Brexit uncertainty
peaks, but subsequent years are likely to see a recovery in the market.

US

Federal initiatives, state-level funding and an active P3 market

are likely to contribute to a growing opportunity in Balfour Beatty's.
US infrastructure markets.

The buildings market is forecast to remain flat, but specific
opportunities will remain. State-level education bonds in particular
are likely to drive strong school building spend.

Hong Kong
Gammon continues to deliver a strong pipeline of infrastructure

and construction projects, benefiting from high public and private
sector demand.

O® see Construction Services

* Infrastructure and Projects Authority, National Infrastructure Image: Balfour Beatty VINCI has been awarded two major design
and Construction Pipeline - Autumn 2018 update. and build contracts for High Speed 2 (artist's impression),

Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2018

SaegfoRaae

Governance Financial Statements Other Information 9

Support Services

Medium-term market outlook

Power Gas Water Highways Rail

Infrastructure Investments

Medi