1 |

soerznz0
_ COMPANIES HOUSE

THEIBESTIOF BALEOURIBEATIYg
—_—_,

Cee ee ee ee enc hie Gat hea hounel whet deed art
eskead our omployoss to help tell aur stery = [by shentag thelr last ainates of when we co end) frow we
Go Featuen) below ere some of the extitas ita ares our business shaweasiig our she end sealla,
fourfcapabilitiesMourexpertpeopleyouyincredibleprojectstandfourmarketleadingjinnovationsy

[Oiscovegmoreon)
SE instagram‘com/balfourbeatty,

® Jared Tiller,

@ Sables Stationsflorida -_

supporting

(G a ~
Flv you ta an uf to Lest enstomeion

r Beatty caine indihs =p

fareulture — i sk eI

[eo Quinn}

IGroun Chie iexecut ve}

fthroughout}20,| Quandjhowgiheyjareseliveringlougoullapo]
LeRerEaeD We ceo te ew mssTaEAS PATRON
moresdetail!

age loesteas copra

Cudeaptizd Contractingyisifurthed

Gas INBOUT]
pe ua BUILD]TO,
[VAS T;STRATEGY{ (2,08

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
[eres souks ven ounces oma)

The Group has presented financial performance measures which are
considered most relevant to the Group and used to manage the Group's
performance. An explanation of these measures and ‘appropriate
reconciliations to statutory measures are provided on pages 60 to 66

CONTINUING UNDERLYING
REVENUE’ £m

CONTINUING UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS (PFO) £m

2016 2017 2018 2019

CONTINUING UNDERLYING EARNINGS
PER SHARE (BASIC) Pence

2016 2017 2018 2019

ORDER BOOK'
fbn

2016 2017 2018 2019

STATUTORY REVENUE... -—
fm

2016 2017 2018 2019

STATUTORY PROFIT FOR THE YEAR —
fm

2016 2017 2018 2019

STATUTORY EARNINGS PER SHARE
(BASIC) Pence

2016 2017 2018 2019

DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
Pence

2016 2017 2018 2019

2016 2017 2018 2019

Including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-underlying items.

4 Financial performance

Balfour Beatty at a glance

4 Group Chair's introduction

# Group Chief Executive's review
Our strategy: Build to Last

4 LEADING IN OUR MARKETS
Market review

Business model

Stakeholder value
Innovation
EXPERT CAPABILITIES
Operational review
Construction Services
Support Services
infrastructure Investments
Directors’ valuation of the
investments portfolio
BUILDING A POSITIVE CULTURE
Our responsibilities *
Health, safety and wellbeing
Our people

;, Business integrity

Building a sustainable business
Risk management

Principal risks

Non-financial information statement
Measuring.our financial performance
Chief Financial Officer's review
Viability statement

Group Chair's introduction a7
Board leadership and Company purpose 87
Division of responsibilities 99
Board composition, succession

and evaluation 102
4 Committee reports 105
Audit, risk and internal control

16
report

independent auditor's report
Financial statements
Notes to the financial statements

Unaudited Group five-year summary 228
Shareholder information

BALFOUR BEATTY AT A GLANCE

International

infrastructure experts |

Balfour Beatty is leading the transformation of construction and infrastructure.

21st century challenges demand an industry to match. One with the strength and discipline
to invest and innovate at world-class levels. One that works with governments, customers
and partners to shape thinking, change skylines and connect communities. ae

One that inspires a new generation of talent to join a vital industry in shaping the future.

Our purpose

Creating infrastructure; supporting
communities; enabling growth

Our purpose is why we exist as a business. We finance, develop,
build and maintain the vital infrastructure that we all depend on

Our vision

To be the leading engineering and infrastructure

company in our chosen markets

Our vision is what we want to be. We're structured to focus on our

customers and our core markets. We're selective in the work we want to win. ._»)
— playing to our strengths so Balfour Béatty is always the best at what we do.

Group highlights

UNDERLYING REVENUE' NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES ORDER BOOK'

£8.4pn 26,000 | cron

£6.2bn

@ United States
UNDERLYING PROFIT DIRECTORS’ VALUATION
BEFORE TAX INVESTMENTS PORTFOLIO £6.5bn

£200m £1.07bn | 16m

1 Including share of joint -
ventures and associates,
before non-underlying items.

2 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Our values

Our three values help our employees to understand
how they can contribute to building a strong, open
and positive culture for everyone at Balfour Beatty.

£14.3bn

GROUP ORDER BOOK

Focused on growing markets

UNITED KINGDOM

Projected growth
of Balfour Beatty
markets*

£93bn

2019

Source: Experian Construction Forecasts
‘Autumn Update (2019),

UNITED STATES

markets*

2019

Source: Dodge Market Forecast (November, 2018)

” Selected infrastructure and buildings segments.

CONSTRUCTION
SERVICES

Projected growth
of Balfour Beatty

HONG KONG

Projected growth
of Balfour Beatty
markets”

us$165bn

x$270bn

2019

Source: Construction Industry Council, Construction

evponditure Ferowuat fur public and privete sectors (2018)

SUPPORT
SERVICES

(2130

INFRASTRUCTURE
INVESTMENTS GC] 33

Expert
capabilities
Balfour Beatty benefits
significantly from a broad set

of complementary capabilities
across the Group.

> Our Construction Services
businesses operate across
infrastructure and buildings
markets in the UK, the
US and in joint venture
in Hong Kong

> Their capabilities include
civil engineering, building,
ground engineering, M&E,
refurbishment, fit-out and
rail engineering

> Our Support Services
businesses operate
principally in the UK,
designing, upgrading,
managing and maintaining
critical national infrastructure

> Their capabilities span
water, gas and electricity
networks, rail and highways

> Our Infrastructure
Investments business
develops and finances
both public and private
infrastructure projects
in the UK and the US.

> It operates and maintains
infrastructure projects
and a portfolio of military
housing and student
accommodation assets

Selective
bidding for
contracts

Our stringent gated lifecycle
process allows us to carefully
control our project portfolio on
an ongoing basis.

ORDER BOOK'

£11.1bn

ORDER BOOK'

£3.2bn

DIRECTORS’ VALUATION

£1.07bn

Financial
performance

1 Including share of joint
ventures and associates,
before non-underlying items.

UNDERLYING REVENUE'

£6,858m

UNDERLYING REVENUE’

£1,023m

UNDERLYING REVENUE!

£524m

UNDERLYING PROFIT

UNDERLYING PROFIT

UNDERLYING PROFIT

FROM OPERATIONS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX
£125m £47m £98m
STATUTORY PROFIT STATUTORY LOSS STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX

£126m

£(11)m

£93m

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION

Build to Last — continuing
to deliver value

Dear shareholder
In my fifth year as your Chair, | am delighted with the results delivered
by Balfour Beatty's transformation.

Balfour Beatty celebrated its 110th year in 2019 with another year

of profitable managed growth. We have a proactive anprnach to risk
management through robust governance, process and controls; our
margins are improving and our strong balanco shcet positions us well
tor the future.

Tlie Build to Last transformation continues to redefine and strengthen
Balfour Beatty. The Group is robust, disciplined and holds leading
positions in large and growing infrastructure and construction
markets, with many attractive opportunities ahead in our chosen
geographies - and operationally diversified markets — of the UK,

the US and Hong Kong. Over half of our business is now outside

the UK

GROUP CHAIR'S HIGHLIGHTS For the fourth consecutive year, we are recommending payment
of a progressive dividend

> The Build to Last transformation continues to redefine and

strengthen Balfour Beatty Markets
Balfour Beatty has a strong, sustainable and scalable business model
following significant investments made to improve productivity and
lower the cost base. Our capabilities are attractive to customers who
rely on us to deliver excellence.

>wing markets — positioning us well for further
profitable managed growth

> The Company's stable Board offers a diverse range of skills,

rience and backgrounds - two are women, two are We have a growing high-quality order book on favourable commercial

terms. In all of our chosen markets we continue to deliver iconic
projects. We see significant pipelines of work ahead in buildings,
transport and the other infrastructure that is essential for an increasingly
urban population, backed by national governments’ commitment to
significant infrastructure investment for the decades ahead.

(fe The recent announcement from government to proceed with building
HS2 gives much needed certainty for the industry with an investment
that will underpin the UK’s international competitiveness for decades

' to come.
Balfour Beatty celebrated its 110th ; that Balfour 8 ibe part of th
. . am proud that Balfour Beatty will be part of the century's greatest
year in 2019 with another year of work to amplify Britain's capabilities at hone and on the world stage
profitable managed growth pioneering innovation and technology, building skills and careers,
. powering up economies and providing opportunity and prosperity
throughout the UK.
ov 2) Global construction makes significant demands on energy and

resources. In 2019, the Group has made strong progress in reducing
energy and fuel consumption and emissions, improving value to
customers and shareholders. During 2019, the Group achieved its
2020 carbon reduction target a year early with a 51% reduction to
20.3 tonnes of CO,e/£m revenue compared to a 2010 baseline
Discover more at We will continue our efforts to reduce carbon across the value chain,
CL balfourbeatty.com/investors working collaboratively with customers, industry and the supply chain.

4 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Towards Zero Harm

One of our principal goals in Build to Last is Safe - our licence
to operate - measured by Zero Harm (no injury, ill health or
environmental incident caused by our work activities). Our lost
time injury rate (excluding international joint ventures) was 0.14
in 2019, a reduction of over 50% since 2014.

Our UK and US all employee survey reported that 91% of people
feel empowered to speak up in the workplace if they see anything
potentially unsafe — contributing to over 212,000 safety observations
made in 2019 that are helping us take action before incidents happen.

However, in a tragic illustration that we can never relax our vigilance,
in 2019 one of our colleagues in the UK suffered fatal injuries
following an incident involving a lifting operation at our pre-cast piling
facility at Bottesford. Our Gammon joint venture in Hong Kong also
had two separate fatal injuries; a colleague working on a piling
operation and a subcontractor dismantling timber formwork. And at
the start of January 2020, a colleague working for one of our supply
chain partners was fatally injured in Birmingham, UK. Our thoughts
and deepest sympathies are with colleagues, families and friends.

In remembering them, we will also continue to strive for Zero Harm
in 2020 to make conditions as safe as possible for our workforce and
those who work on and around our sites.

That focus includes mental health, In the UK, Balfour Beatty now has
over 500 qualified mental health first aiders to help promote positive
menial wellbeing. In the US there has been awareness and education
around mental health and employee assistance programmes are in
place across the UK, the US and Hong Kong.

In October, the American Heart Association 2019 Workplace Health
Achievement Index recognised Balfour Beatty’s US Buildings business
for taking significant steps to build a culture of health in its workplace.

In July, Balfour Beatty was presented with the Health, Safety and
Wellbeing Excellence (company) award at the prestigious Construction
News awards in the UK for leading a number of collaborative
initiatives including its commitment to eliminating new cases of

Hand Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) and its ‘Zero Harm’ approach
to ensuring its workforce, business partners, supply chain partners,
members of the public and the environment remain safe from harm
Judges praised Balfour Beatty for “setting the benchmark and leading
the industry” and were "impressed by the sharing of knowledge, and
the integration of health and safety into design”

In Hong Kong, the Gammon-developed artificial intelligence ‘Gambot’
has been introduced on over 120 projects to help collect, store and
analyse site-related data. One benefit is helping people on site to
report safety observations and make dynamic risk assessments.

The Board

Balfour Beatty is committed to building a diverse workforce by attracting
talented people with a broad range of skills and experience from all
backgrounds ~ this starts with the Board. Two of our eight Board
members are women and two are based in the US and | am committed
to constantly reviewing this, ensuring we have the best people in place.
Following our AGM in May, Stephen Billingham was appointed Senior
Independent Director and Anne Drinkwater became Chair of our
Remuneration Committee. Our Board now consists of members all
appointed since the beginning of 2015.

Dividend

The Group's financial performance for 2019 demonstrates the

value being created through Build to Last. As a result, your Board
has felt able to recommend an increase in the final dividend to

4.3 pence per ordinary share, bringing the total dividends for the year
to 6.4 pence per share.

Conclusion

It has been another year of ensuring that Balfour Beatty is in robust
health to be able to use its unique and highly sought-after capabilities
to capitalise on the exciting opportunities ahead and continue to
deliver market-leading performance.

a

Philip Aiken AM
Group Chair

10 March 2020

Fj
SECTION 172STATEMENT ~~ {

The Directors take their responsibilities to shareholders and
stakeholders very seriously. During 2019, the Board reviewed
the Group's main stakeholder groups and existing channels of
engagement with each so that their views can be understood
and considered in Board discussions and decision-making. In
addition to having regard to the interests of the Group's
stakeholders, Directors also consider the impact of the Group's
activities on the communities within which it operates, the
environment and the Group's reputation. The Directors seek to
act in good faith in the way most likely to promote the success
of the Company for'the benefit of its shareholders in the long
term and to act fairly between all of the Company's shareholders.

Through the Board and its Committees, Directors have taken
action to promote and support these objectives across the
Group, details of which can be found throughout this Annual
Report as set out below:

> The Company's purpose, vision and values on page 2

> A description of key stakeholder groups and how the Board
has engaged with stakeholders on pages 96 to 98

> Broader Group engagement with stakeholders and an
assessment of their priorities relating to sustainability
matters on pages 16, 17 and 49

> The range of activities undertaken across the Group relating
. to sustainability matters on pages 48 to 58

> Details of how high standards of integrity are maintained on
pages 46 and 47

> The proactive and pragmatic approach of the Group toward
risk on pages 72 to 84

> The framework of the Company's decision-making on page 99

> Details of our governance processes and practice on pages
87 to 140

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019 5

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

Benefits of Build to
Last accelerating

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S HIGHLIGHTS

> 68% incr
(2018: £1

in average net cash to £325 million

4 million)

> 22% increase in underlying profit from operations (PFO) from
earnings-based businesses to £172 million (2018: £141 milion)

> 13% increase in order book to £14.3 billion (2018: £12.6 billion)

> c. 40% increase in order book with recent HS2 approval

(G

The 2019 results clearly
demonstrate that the benefits of
the Build to Last transformation
programme are accelerating.

ve)

4

[——} | Discover more at
CES balfourbeatty.com/investors

6 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Results: strong financial performance

The 2019 results clearly demonstrate that the benefits of the Build

to Last transformation programme are accelerating. Year end net
cash was over £500 million, with average net cash up 68%, and the
Group's strong balance sheet is underpinned by the Investments
portfolio of £1.1 billion. Managed growth is delivering increasing
returns, with underlying profit from operations at earnings-based
Lusinesses up 22% and the year end order hank up 14%, As a result,
the Board has decided to recommend an 33% increase in the dividend.

Markets: continued strategic selection

The trading environment for Balfuur Beatty's chosen markets and
sectors remains positive. The 13% growth in order book, driven by
US Construction, was achieved while maintaining strong bidding
discipline. The business is continuing to win work on more favourable
terms and conditions resulting in improving margins with a lower risk
profile. Within this strategy, Balfour Beatty has taken the decision to
further de-risk the business by not re-bidding gas contracts under
RIIO-GD2, since the terms and conditions do not meet the Group's
minimum expectations. This has resulted in a non-cash non-underlying
goodwill impairment of £58 million.

HS2: transformative infrastructure scheme

The UK government's decision to proceed with Europe's largest
infrastructure project gives the entire industry and its associated
supply chain much needed certainty. Balfour Beatty's year end order
book does not include the two HS2 civils packages and the Old Oak
Common station contract which have been awarded but not yet
contracted. These contracts are expected to add over £3 billion to
the order book in the first half of 2020. Their inclusion would more
than double the UK Construction order book and represents a
c.40% increase for the Group compared to the end of 2018.

US military housing: updated

Balfour Beatty Communities (BBC) manages more than 43,000 family
housing properties across 55 Army, Navy and Air Force bases under
long-term concessions. In June 2019, allegations about the handling
of certain work orders were publicised about bases managed by BBC.
Balfour Beatty instructed outside counsel to conduct an investigation
into the allegations, and BBC proactively contacted the Department
of Justice (DoJ) to notify them of the review. The DoJ subsequently
announced an investigation and BBC is co-operating fully. At this
stage, the investigation is still ongoing and therefore the Group is not
able to provide an indication of outcome, including timing or any quantum.

In the year, the Directors’ valuation of the Investments portfolio
reduced to £1.1 billion (2018: £1.2 billion), primarily as a result of a
£79 million reduction in the valuation of the military housing portfolio
to £453 million (2018: £532 million). Assumptions, including future
rental income, project costs and incentive fees, have been examined
both on a project specific basis and with reference to the

changing dynamics.

Build to Last: Lean, Expert, Trusted, Safe

The Group continues to measure its transformation against the goals
of Lean, Expert, Trusted and Safe, using cash flow and profit from
operations, employee engagement, customer satisfaction and Zero
Harm, respectively.

Lean: The governance and processes introduced during Build to Last
continue to drive improved efficiency and effectiveness in all business
segments. In 2019, the Group achieved industry standard margins in
all earnings-based businesses for the full year.

Costs were further reduced in 2019, Since 2015, operating costs at
constant exchange rates have been reduced by over 40% or around
£200 million. The Group's continual focus on cash generation is best
demonstrated by the average net cash of £325 million - ahead of
previous guidance and 68% up on 2018

As a key part of its strategy to create value by achieving market
leadership, the Group has invested over £500 million since 2015 in
equity assets (Infrastructure Investments), capex (plant and fleet)
and capability (training and development), whilst retiring around
£300 million of debt.

Expert: Customers buy Balfour Beatty's services due to the expert
capabilities of the Group and its employees; therefore attracting and
retaining the top talent in the industry has been and remains fundamental
to the Group's strategy of delivering value from its leading positions in
growing infrastructure markets

In December 2019, Balfour Beatty came top in the Heavy Construction
category in the 2019 awards for Britain's Most Admired Companies

~ the longest-running annual survey of UK corporate reputation.
Balfour Beatty was praised for its quality of management, inspirational
leadership and corporate governance, as well as its commitment to
diversity and inclusion and its global competitiveness. In addition,

the Company was commended for attracting, training and retaining
market-leading experts to offer customers the best capabilities whilst
providing the quality leadership required to drive forward world-class
projects across its geographically diversified business.

In 2019, the voluntary attrition rate in the UK continued to fall, with
the twelve-month rolling average at 11% (2018: 12%). The employee
survey results also continued their positive trend with the participation
tate increasing to 76% (2018: 72%). The employee engagement index
(four questions measuring satisfaction, advocacy, motivation and
retention) has risen by 6% since the introduction of the standardised
measure in 2015 and is now at a new high of 66% (2018: 65%). The
survey provides a clear tracker of progress in creating the kind of
company and culture where people want to work and develop
fulfilling careers, which is of key importance given the strong order
book and growth in chosen markets.

Balfour Beatty continues its sponsorship of The 5% Club, which
encourages employers to provide ‘earn and learn’ training opportunities
to help address the UK's skills gap and drive economic prosperity
more widely across society. During 2019, Balfour Beatty recruited 119
apprentices, 86 graduates and 22 trainees. The percentage of the UK
workforce in ‘earn and learn’ positions at year end stood at 5.4%.

Trusted: Balfour Beatty is trusted to ‘do what we say we will do’
and is measured on this metric by customer satisfaction. The Group
continues to embed @ culture of active risk management by underpinning
strict adherence to Build to Last disciplines with investment in
IT-based processes and controls. These include the Gated Lifecycle
process, the Digital Briefcase and Project on a Page. Together, these
provide management with a clear, consistent line of sight on all stages
of work being bid and delivered, together with key tools for managing
commercial risk and project execution. In 2019, around 3,000
customer satisfaction reviews were carried out with the Group
customer satisfaction score at 94% (2018: 97%).

Safe: Construction is an inherently dangerous industry. It is therefore
essential that the health and safety of everyone who comes into
contact with Balfour Beatty is the top priority. Each week the Executive
Committee reviews the safety performance of each of the business
units with particular attention to lessons which should be learned
from any high potential near miss incidents as well as gauging the
status of the Group’s safety culture. The Group's lost time injury rate
(excluding international joint ventures) continued to fall to 0.14 (2018
0.15) and is now less than 50% of the rate when the Build to Last
programme commenced. However, it is a tragedy that in 2019 one
colleague in the UK and two in Gammon suffered fatal injuries
following separate accidents.

Outlook

Five years into its Build to Last transformation programme, Balfour
Beatty continues to drive a culture of transparency, risk management
and relentless improvement. It has focused its geographic and
‘operational footprint while investing significantly in capability,
innovation and standard systems and processes. This has created

@ scalable business model which together with the increasing

order book gives the Board confidence that it will continue to

deliver profitable managed growth and cash generation on a
sustainable basis.

The Group is committed to delivering value from this performance.
It is continuing to pay down borrowings with US$46 million of US
private placement notes repaid in early March 2020, and £112 million
‘of preference shares to be repaid in July 2020. In addition, the Board
will review Balfour Beatty's capital structure once there is clearer
understanding of the COVID-19 situation.

While COVID-19 continues to evolve, Balfour Beatty is monitoring
developments closely, looking to mitigate the risk that it may have
on the Group's employees, customers and supply chain. At this
point in time, all sites and offices in the UK, the US and Hong Kong
remain open. However, it is too early to fully assess any impact of
the outbreak on the operational and financial performance of

the Group.

ko bo

Leo Quinn
Group Chief Executive

10 March 2020

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019 7

OUR STRATEGY: BUILD TO LAST

Delivering on all
Build to Last goals

Launched in 2015, Build to Last is Balfour Beatty's transformation programme
to drive continuous improvement and build the Company's future.

To remain at the forefront of the industry, Balfour Beatty needs to continuously improve efficiency,
lead innovation and always operate safely, to sustain and shape its future as the leading engineering
and infrastructure company in its chosen markets.

The Build to Last transformation is measured against four goals of Lean, Expert, Trusted and Safe,
using cash flow and profit from operations, employee engagement, customer satisfaction and

Zero Harm, respectively

LEAN

Deliver value to our customers by
improving operational efficiency
and eliminating waste right
through the supply chain.

Why is it important?
We want to make sure that our customers
get the best value for their money; we need
to be relentless in driving out unnecessary
costs and work with our customers to ensure
their money is spent in the best way possible.
Providing customers with better value for
their money drives our competitiveness and
provides Balfour Beatty with the capital to
invest back into developing its expertise.

Our KPI

EXPERT

Ensure we have the best
engineering, construction,
design and project
management capabilities.

Why is it important?
We deliver world-class buildings and
infrastructure for our customers by constantly
driving innovation. Our strongest differentiator
is our engineering, construction and project
management capabilities. Having the best
talent supported by the strongest supply
chain creates a virtuous circle that ensures
we win the best and most exciting projects
to deliver.

Our KPI

TRUSTED

Be the construction partner of
choice for our customers and
supply chain by delivering on
our promises.

Why is it important?

Customers must have confidence in
our ability to deliver and to do what

we say we will do. A robust risk
management framework ensures that
challenges are mitigated and projects
are delivered in the right way. Satisfied
customers provide us with opportunities
and projects for the future.

Our KPI

NET CASH

excluding non-recourse borrowings

£512m

2018: £337m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

221m

2018: £205m

Read more on

pl49

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT INDEX

66%

2018: 65%

6] naa on

8 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2019

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AVERAGE

94%

2018: 97%

Read more on