ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

Building |
New Futures

f nun

15
PAI
—_——__
Registered in England and Wales with number 395826

Building New Futures

Were driving the

transformation of our

industry to meet the

challenges of the future

ABOUTUS
—

Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group
with 26,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new
solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new
generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow.

We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly
complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies
and deliver projects at the heart of local communities.

Magic
Moments

During 2020, our people and partners worked hard
18 of the economy turning,

munities

and essential services running.

photos of our employees’ magic
ments throughout the report or by visiting:

instagram.com/balfourbeatty

Find out more ot
bolfourbeatty.com

READ ABOUT OUR
CULTURAL
FRAMEWORK
INSIDE

Front cover: Katorina
opoutou, Project Engineer
Ealing Common Depot track
renewal, London

‘OUR CULTURAL FRAMEWORK
<<

Our refreshed cultural framework, launched in December 2020, provides a simple
and clear view of our purpose, values and behaviours under our Build to Last strategy.
The framework reflects who we are now as an international group, who we want to
be, what we value and what drives the way we work; always Lean, Expert, Trusted

and Safe, and — if we are to remain a market leader — always Sustainable.

Our purpose - explains the clear and enduring reason our business oxists

Building New Futures

We are leading the transtormation of our industry to meat the challenges of the future. We hamess
the power of digital end cutting-edge innovation to redefine the possible end drive productivity. Trusted
by customers to deliver sustainable solutions and strengthen communities we leave a legacy we sro
proud of. Always safe. Always reliable. Always improving lives.

We support each other to deliver and succeed, placing equal value on all perspectives by embracing
diversity and inclusion. Together we deliver powerful now solutions, collaborating with governments,
‘our customers and partners to shape thinking, create skyiines and inspire # naw generation of talent
10 bo the change-makers of tomorrow. Ballour Beatty: Building Now Futures.

p22

Our strategy - is the day-to-day guide we
use to uphold our purpose

Build to Last

Build to Lestis our strategy for continuous improvement.
It's fundamental to how we're building @ market leading
Belfour Beatty for the next 100 years. I's our platform.
for susteinable growth, productivity, inclusive talent ~ ell
‘ensuring the best capability to deliver on our promises
‘and our enduring commitment to Zero Harm.

pi2

‘More sbout
ourentegy

Our values ~ the way we do business. The norms and beliefs that drive
the way we work and how we measure ourselves

LEAN EXPERT ‘TRUSTED SAFE SUSTAINABLE

pi2

More about
ourvelues

Our behaviours - reflect the things we will do to consistently deliver
to the standard set out in our values

TALK COLLABORATE — ENCOURAGE MAKEA VALUE
POSITIVELY RELENTLESSLY CONSTANTLY _—DIFFERENCE EVERYONE

p46

More about
uiing@
postive cure

IN THIS REPORT
a

In the following sections, discover Balfour Beatty's approach to developing
and leveraging its capabilities and how the Group is creating value for all
stakeholders through continuous improvement as well as encouraging
and supporting employees to develop a positive culture.

Leading in
our markets

We discuss macro trends and opportunities in our
chosen markets, the way we operate and how we
create value for all our stakeholders as well as the
cutting edge solutions we are leveraging to meet
our customers’ challenges.

p16 Market review
p22 Business model
p24 Stakeholder value

p26 Innovation OaBove

UK: Ealing Common Depot track renewal, Transport for London

Expert
capabilities

Our three operating divisions outline their key
achievements throughout 2020 and how they

are delivering our Build to Last strategy. We also

look at our Investments portfolio in more detail.

p32 Construction Services

p39 Support Services

p42 Infrastructure Investments

p44 Directors’ valuation of the Investments portfolio

ABOVE
US: Victory Commons 1 Office development, Hillwood Development

Building a
positive culture

Our disciplined contracting is further strengthened by our
approach to building the right culture - where people are
encouraged and supported to always do the right thing,
achieve high performance and make a positive difference,
every day,

p48 Health, safety and wellbeing

p52 Business integrity

p55 Sustainability

p71 Our people

p88 Risk management

ABOVE
US: Renovation of Hoover High School, San Diego Unified Schoo! District

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE CONTENTS
el —a

The Group has presented financial performance measures which are
considered most relevant to the Group and used to manage the Group's
performance. An explanation of these measures and appropriate
reconciliations to statutory measures are provided on pages 12 and 13.

BUILDING NEW FUTURES

STRATEGIC REPORT

Financial performance 1
CONTINUING UNDERLYING CONTINUING UNDERLYING PROFIT Balfour Beatty at a glance 2
REVENUE' £m FROM OPERATIONS (PFO) £m Our response to COVID-19 4
Group Chair's introduction 6
alls ~ Group Chief Executive's review 8
Blfe]/s} 1% ellsl is Our strategy: Build to Last 2
3} 18] =e} /° 8] /8
x LEADING IN OUR MARKETS 14
Market review 6
Business model 22
Stakeholder value 24
Innovation 26
° EXPERTCAPABILTIES 30.
2017 2018 2019 2020 2017 2018 2019 2020 Operational review
Construction Services 32
CONTINUING UNDERLYINGEARNINGS ORDER BOOK! Support Services 38
PER SHARE (BASIC) Pence fbn Infrastructure Investments 42
Directors’ valuation of the
alfa 2 Investments portfolio 44
8 8 ” e BUILDING A POSITIVE CULTURE 46
2 a /8l\* Our responsibilities
s cli Health, safety and wellbeing 48
Business integrity 52
Sustainability 55
5 Our people n
Risk management 88
Principal risks 94
2017 2018 2019 2020 2017 2018 2019 2020
Non-financial information statement 76
STATUTORY REVENUE ‘STATUTORY PROFIT FOR THE YEAR Measuring our financial performance 77
£m £m Chief Financial Officer's review 84
Viability statement 102
2 2|| 8
= z Lf a -
a) (alrite elle GOVERNANCE
3 Bl}
Board leadership and Company purpose 105
Division of responsibilities 116
Composition, succession
and evaluation 119
o Committee reports 122
ad Audit, risk and internal control 126
2017 2018 2019 2020 2017 2018 2019 2020 Remuneration 134
Directors’ report 151
STATUTORY EARNINGS PER SHARE DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
(BASIC) Pence Pence
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5 2
a nl Independent auditor's report 154
=| [e o Financial statements 162
File s Notes to the financial statements 170
5 OTHER INFORMATION
<= - Unaudited Group five-year summary 238
* Shareholder information 239
2017 2018 2019 2020 2017 2018 2019 2020

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-underlying item.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

yoda aifajens

BALFOUR BEATTY AT A GLANCE

International
infrastructure experts

Balfour Beatty is driving the transformation of the construction and
infrastructure industry to meet the challenges of the future.

Group highlights

UNDERLYING REVENUE’ NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES ORDER BOOK’

£8.6bn 26,000... pig abn

GROUP ORDER BOOK

p/9

@ United States

UNDERLYING PROFIT DIRECTORS’ VALUATION
BEFORE TAX INVESTMENTS PORTFOLIO £5.2bn

£3om = £1.09bn) £2\tbn

Focused on growing markets

The challenge of buildiny a new and sustainable future requires an indusial transformation. We are leading the way,
working together with governmonts, our customers and partners to reshape thinking, reinvent okylines and strengthen
local communitios. Together we deliver powerful now solutions improving lives, leaving a legacy we are proud of and
inspiring the change-makers of tomorrow.

PROJECTED GROWTH OF BALFOUR BEATTY'S CHOSEN MARKETS

United Kingdom United States Hong Kong
2024 £43.3bn 2024 US$324bn 2024 HK$163bn,
2020 £30. on} 42% | 2020 US$264bn T> 423% : 2020 HKS155brrj>:
2019 £32.0bn 2019 US$315bn. 2019 HK$143bn

‘Source: Infrastructure and public construction; Source: Infrastructure, buildings and multifamily housing ‘Source: Civils and public and private buildings construction,

Construction Products Association (Autumn 2020), construction in Balfour Beatty's chosen states; Dodge Construction Industry Council (April 2020)

BICS Quarterly Briefing (July 2020) Market Forecast (August 2020)

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-underlying items.

2 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our
divisions

Construction
Services

MAGIC MOMENTS

Hong Kong: M+ Museum, West Kowloon
Cultural District Authority,
Photo credit: Samson Tse

Support
Services

MAGIC MOMENTS:

UK: Love Lane Trams Track Renewal,
Transport for London.
Photo credit: Owen Strattord

Infrastructure
Investments

MAGIC MOMENTS

US: Los Angeles Airport Automated
People Mover, Los Angeles International
Airport. Photo credit: Paul England

Expert
capabilities
Balfour Beatty benefits
significantly from a broad set
of complementary capabilities
across the Group.

> Our Construction Services
businesses operate across
infrastructure and buildings
markets in the UK, the US and
in joint venture in Hong Kong

> Their capabilities include civil
engineering, building, ground
engineering, M&€, refurbishment,
fit-out and rail engineering

> Our Support Services
businesses operate principally
in the UK, designing,
upgrading, managing and
maintaining critical national
infrastructure

> Their capabilities span water,
gas and electricity networks,
rail and highways

> Our Infrastructure Investments
business develops and
finances both public and
private infrastructure projects
in the UK and the US

> It operates and maintains
infrastructure projects and a
portfolio of military housing and
student accommodation assets

Selective
bidding for
contracts

Our stringent gated lifecycle
process allows us to carefully
control our project portfolio on
an ongoing basis.

ORDER BOOK'

£13.7bn

ORDER BOOK'

£2.7bn

DIRECTORS’ VALUATION

£1.09bn

Financial
performance

UNDERLYING REVENUE’

£6,964m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£29m

STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£41m

UNDERLYING REVENUE’

£1,067m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£46m

STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£50m

UNDERLYING REVENUE'

£556m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
BEFORE TAX

£20m

STATUTORY PROFIT
BEFORE TAX

£15m

1 Including share of joint
ventures and associates,
before non-underlying items.

p32

p39

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

p42

uodas s16aye5

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19
—

Our response
to COVID-19

Our experts have been helping keep the wheels of the economy turning, transport networks
moving, communities connected and essential services running during COVID-19.

Whilst far reaching in its impact on the
Group's operations, the COVID-19 pandemic
has proven the resilience of Balfour Beatty's
Build to Last strategy.

Throughout the pandemic we have
protected our capabilities and strengths
and balanced the needs of all

our stakeholders.

Despite the initial disruption, 95% of our sites
were open by the end of June with the Group
safely executing projects and contracts for its
customers. Through the second half of the
year, Balfour Beatty's operations and productivity
recovered steadily, and today all the Group's sites
and operations are open and operating safely.

Our COVID-19 strategy

Across its US, UK and Hong Kong
operations, the Group reacted swiftly
and decisively to COVID-19 with a clear
strategy to:

keep people safe

continue to build and maintain
the infrastructure economies
and the public rely on

the supply chain

support employees, whether
on-site, working remotely
or furloughed

Keeping people safe

The health, safety and wellbeing of all those
who work with and for Balfour Beatty, as well
as the general public, has remained the
Group's priority.

Across the Group, office-based employees
were encouraged to work from home, supported
by the accelerated roll out of Office 365
including the adoption of Microsoft Teams to
conduct virtual video meetings.

In the UK, we supported the Government's
position to allow the construction and
infrastructure industry to continue operating
where it could do so safely. We developed
COVID-19 Site Operating Procedures and these
have been followed by all of our operations.

In the US, we supported the Federal
Government's position to classify construction
workers and residential rental industry
professionals as essential workers operating
in critical infrastructure sectors and fully
adhered to COVID-19 regulations from
federal, state and local authorities.

In Hong Kong, our 50:50 joint venture
Gammon adhered to the COVID-19 guidance
set out by the Government's Centre for
Health Protection.

Read our paper ‘Seizing the day: positive
change from Lockdown for the industry’

LEADING THE INDUSTRY

Building and
maintaining critical
infrastructure

COVID-19 has brought about a welcome
shift in understanding and recognition of
what we as a society need and rely on: from
the roads, rail network and drivers that
deliver medical supplies to hospitals and
food to supermarket shelves, to the Wi-Fi
and power supplies that have kept
businesses working ~ and the people which
keep all of this going. This recognition has
been why key worker status was granted to
so many in our sector.

64

We're delighted at the way
Balfour Beatty has responded
to the COVID-19 crisis.

SHESQ Manager, National Grid

a)

Belfour Beatty, in collaboration with other Tier One contractors and supply chain
partners, published a COVID-19 industry research report, conducted by Loughborough
University: “COVID-19 and construction: Eerly lessons for a new normal?” which
explores the industry's health and safety response to the pandemic and potential
medium to long-term benefits arising from extending and embedding these new

working practices.

Scan here to read the paper.

4 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Throughout the pandemic Balfour Beatty
continued to construct and maintain this
critical infrastructure at the backbone of
economies and people's daily lives as well
as projects at the heart of local communities,
whilst also stepping up to rapidly provide
critical facilities to support the fight

against COVID-19.

In the UK, acting as principal contractor,
Balfour Beatty, along with its local supply
chain, converted Glasgow's Scottish Events
Campus into the NHS Louisa Jordan hospital
providing over 1,000 beds for patients requiring
treatment for COVID-19. The team successfully
completed the works in just 20 days.

In the US, the Pavilion at Penn Medicine
project in Pennsylvania opened 120 patient
rooms 15 months ahead of the facility's planned
opening, with Balfour Beatty employees
working around the clock for 17 days to
deliver 122,000 square feet of space in the
emergency department.

In Hong Kong, Gammon helped fast-track
temporary COVID-19 quarantine facilities

by providing project management and
mechanical, electrical and plumbing services
to construct 110 units at Penny’s Bay in just
64 days. The team completed 95% of all
works using modular integrated construction
methods which reduced the amount of time
the team were required on site.

Read more about how we innovated through the
pandemic in our innovation section on page 29
or visit: bit.ly/bbcovidmicrosite

Keeping cash
flowing through
the supply chain

Ensuring the liquidity of our supply chain
partners who are vital in everything we do,
has never been more important.

Throughout the pandemic Balfour Beatty
worked closely with its supply chain partners
to ensure disruption caused by COVID-19
was minimised.

In the UK, our accounting services centre in
Newcastle is responsible for the processing
of all payments and effectively implemented
its business continuity plan, resulting in an
improvement in the percentage of invoices
paid within 60 days from 89% in the first half
of the year to 91% in the second half of the year.

In the US, the team developed a centralised
supply chain insights resource to provide up to
date prices and availability of key materials and
commodities so that projects could find the

materials they needed quickly from our supply
chain partners to keep projects on programme.

Watch our film which thanks our experts:
who have stepped up during COVID-19
bit.ly/bbsteppedup

Supporting employees

We ensured all of our 26,000 employees, thousands of them site-based and without easy
access to IT, had the latest information on COVID-19 as it became available. We did this

through a range of channels including:

Cascade ‘toolbox talks’

Daily email bulletins
with the latest COVID-19
news updates

Weekly site poster packs and videos
accessible via QR codes to
communicate safety messages and
updates to site-based employees.

A dedicated page on our corporate
website hosting training and guidance
for colleagues who were placed on
furlough leave

Balfour Beatty's employee engagement
index score saw a significant increase to
75% (2019: 66%)

Through My Contribution, our employee-led
change programme, we launched our
“Bouncing Back’ campaign which generated
more than 550 ideas from our employees for
how we could bounce back from COVID-19.
Read more on page 28.

In the US, a safety observation app was
utilised enabling employees to access
government checklists and guidance on
outbreak planning, preventative and response
measures, strategies and other best
practices to help evaluate COVID-19

jobsite safety.

Continuing the focus on health and safety,
the Group launched ‘The Big Conversation’ to
connect employees from across the UK, US
and Hong Kong - to encourage open and
honest conversations about health and

safety. More than 300 projects participated
with teams collaborating across the globe.

\n the UK, Balfour Beatty continued firm in its
commitment, despite the pandemic, to
developing its future workforce with a 30%
increase in its intake of Graduates,
Apprentices and Trainees in 2020.

ORIGHT
Laura MeWilisms, Superintendent.
Victory Commons 1, Dallas

and site signage using
centrally driven
messaging

Health and wellbeing
webinars and virtual
conferences

A drumbeat of senior management
blogs outlining key developments and
helping to keep employees engaged
and fully informed

Anew intranet site to host guidance,
toolkits and FAQs to support line
managers and their teams, which has
received 145,000 visits since launch

Summary

The COVID-19 crisis has had a significant
impact on the construction and infrastructure
industry. But it has also provided an
opportunity to reflect. It will act as an
accelerant to the pace of change in some key
areas. Balfour Beatty will play its significant
part in strengthening and streamlining the
industry to allow it to emerge stronger from
the COVID-19 pandemic.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 5

uodas oifayens

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION
el

Infrastructure
investment will play
a major role in the
global post COVID-19

recovery

Dear shareholder,

In 2015 when | wrote to you for the first time
as Chair of Balfour Beatty, | said that we were
beginning the changes necessary to restore
the business to strength. The Group had

once again presented disappointing financial
results, was plagued with legacy issues and
had fought off @ proposed merger with
Carillion, @ company which entered liquidation
only three years later in 2018.

Six years on and having announced | will be
stepping down this year, | write for the last
time as your Chair. In doing so, | am able to.
reflect on the transformation that the business
has undergone. Today, Balfour Beatty is
focused on growth markets with improved
governance and risk management; we have
driven substantial employee engagement
across the company; dramatically improved
cour customer satisfaction score to 95% in
2020; significantly reduced our carbon emissions
and, most importantly, seen a 66% reduction
in our Lost Time Injury Rate — all whilst building
one of the strongest balance sheets in the
sector, including an enviable cash position
These efforts have not been without recognition,
with Balfour Beatty securing Britain's Most
‘Admired Company in our sector for the second
consecutive year; an award made even more
notable as it represents the views of our
peers, financial analysts and city commentators

In my six years as Chair, | have been pleased
to work alongside Leo Quinn and the executive
team. It has been my role to guide, to support,
to offer counsel, to challenge and to encourage.
My time at Balfour Beatty has been in equal
parts, energising and rewarding and | am
immensely proud of what we have achieved
together. | shall leave knowing that the Group
is strong and well-positioned for the world in
which it operates,

Navigating COVID-19

This resilience which has been developed
and embedded over several years, was
thoroughly tested by the unforeseen events
of 2020. Throughout the last twelve months,
‘our robust processes and the controls developed
under Build to Last have helped Balfour Beatty
to navigate a constantly changing and difficult
environment. | applaud the collective effort of
our 26,000 employees and our supply chain
partners, who have enabled us to continue

to deliver safely for our customers and
communities. Indeed, they have been an
inspiration throughout my tenure, but never
more so than in the last year.

COVID-19 has cast a long financial shadow
over the entire globe. Balfour Beatty has not
been immune because, although we have
kept the majority of our sites and contracts
‘open and operating safely, in order to support
economies and daily life, COVID-19 impacted
productivity across all our geographies.

6 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

We took decisive action to protect the Group's
financial strength and capabilities to ensure
that, as more normal trading conditions
return, we have the capability and expertise
to deliver on our impressive order book.
Working to balance the needs of all stakeholders,
we cancelled the final 2019 dividend
announced in March 2020 and did not declare
an interim dividend in August 2020. The
Board and Executive Committee volunteered
to take a temporary 20% reduction in salary
to relieve some of the cash flow pressures
and to protect others elsewhere in the
business. This, combined with a range of
other actions including stopping all discretionary
spend, helped us to maintain liquidity critical
in support of our thousands of supply

chain partners.

Balfour Beatty has weathered many storms
in its 111-year history to emerge stronger.
This period will have been no exception.

As we worked carefully through the challenges
of 2020, our earnings-based businesses
recovered through the second half of the
year. Our order book increased strongly,
driven in part by the UK Government granting
HS2 Notice to Proceed in April. | am proud
that, due to Balfour Beatty's market-leading
position, we and our joint venture partner
VINCI will be helping to deliver such a
transformational scheme to strengthen

our national infrastructure.

Despite delays caused by COVID-19, in the
second half of the year the Group continued
to win significant infrastructure projects
across all its geographies. Key successes
included over £1 billion of work secured on
the Third Runway project at Hong Kong
Airport, the reconstruction and widening of
Oak Hill Parkway, the interstate highway in
the West of Texas in the US, and major
contracts for the M25 and M3 in the UK.
We are optimistic that output will rebound
in 2021 and into 2022

Now, with our operations seeing a path back
to their performance levels of 2019, and then
beyond, and given the strength of our financial
position at the end of 2020, the Board has
taken the decision to repay the £19 million
claimed in 2020 from the UK Government's
Job Retention Scheme.

Markets

Governments around the world ~ and across
our core markets ~ are taking decisive action
to invest in significant long-term fiscal stimuli
to ignite their economies. That means that
infrastructure investment will rightly play a
major role in the global post-COVID-19
recovery, given its powerful multiplier effect
‘on jobs and spending. Many of these plans
have a specific focus on sustainable
infrastructure, from which Balfour Beatty

is well-positioned to benefit

We decided that in 2020 it was timely to set
out a new sustainability strategy. We know
that global construction has a significant
environmental footprint and, therefore, a key
role to play in supporting decarbonisation,
reducing waste and meeting international
commitments on biodiversity. Having
achieved our previous carbon emissions
reduction target ahead of schedule, our new
ambitions include going beyond net zero
carbon by 2040. As part of this, in 2020,

the Group continued to take great strides

in reducing energy and fuel consumption and
emissions. In 2020 our carbon intensity from
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduced by
18.8 tonnes of CO,e/Em revenue, 55% below
our 2010 baseline. We will continue to work
collaboratively with customers, industry and
‘our supply chain to ensure that we meet our
targets and ambitions.

Health, safety and wellbeing

The health, safety and wellbeing of our
employees remains paramount in all we do.
It is our number one priority.

Notwithstanding COVID-19's impact on
working life and team interactions, continued
improvement in our health and safety practices
was reflected in a reduction in our lost time
injury rate (excluding international joint
ventures) to 0.10, a 66% reduction since
2014, In addition our UK and US employee
survey revealed that 84% of our employees
feel empowered to speak up in the workplace
if they see anything potentially unsafe —
contributing to over 200,000 health and
safety observations made in 2020, including
best practice, that are helping us take action
before incidents happen and ensure that we
continuously improve.

Despite our focus and drive for continuous
health and safety improvement, tragically
four colleagues lost their lives this year while
working at or with Balfour Beatty. Three fatal
incidents occurred in Hong Kong and one in
the UK. Additionally, in the US a member of
our joint venture partner's workforce was
fatally injured. My heart goes out to their
families, friends and colleagues. We have
learnt from these terrible tragedies.

‘As we continue to strive for Zero Harm -
meaning no injury, ill health or environmental
incident caused by our work activities - we
launched Balfour Beatty's ‘Big Conversation’
in November. This campaign leveraged our
international footprint with hundreds of our
teams across the UK, US and Hong Kong
connecting and collaborating remotely to share
best practice, experiences and expertise.

The Board

Last year | announced | would be stepping
down from the Board at the 2021 AGM and
the search is progressing for my successor.
The new Chair and the Board will continue
our commitment to building a diverse and
inclusive workforce, attracting talented
people with a broad range of skills and
experience from all backgrounds into our
Group, including the Board. Whilst we have
made good progress over the last few years
all of us recognise that this is a vital area and
one where more needs to be done.

Capital returns

Balfour Beatty has announced a new
sustainable capital allocation framework
which provides a balanced approach to
address the investment needs of the
business, regular dividend payments and
additional returns to shareholders.

The Group's profitability in 2020 was impacted
significantly by COVID-19, but the strength of
its financial position and its future prospects
provides the Board with the confidence to
reinstate the dividend by recommending a
final dividend for 2020 an