Building
Futures

Balfour Beatty plc

ANNUAL REPORT AND
ACCOUNTS 2023

Tn

. . *ADSMOEAI*
‘Ato , * “ae/06r2024
ANIES HOUSE * on

s3pTPT®
AT 14/05/2024 #87
COMPANIES HOUSE \ Company number 00395826

ABOUTUS

Balfour Beatty is a leading international
infrastructure group with 26,000 employees
driving the delivery of powerful new solutions,
shaping thinking, creating skylines and
inspiring a new generation of talent to be

the change-makers of tomorrow.

We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate
the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure
that supports national economies and deliver
projects at the heart of local communities.

Infrastructure expertise

Digital transformation Talented experts

Balfour Beatty is using data, Al and digital Balfour Beatty's people strategy is focused
technologies to improve safety, productivity on making sure we have the right people,
and assurance. culture, policies and systems to foster a

sustainable business performance.

p24 p/0

At the beating heart of society

Look out for this icon in the report to meet some

SCAN OR CLICK TO WATCH
OUR CORPORATE VIDEO

Enhancing biodiversity

Balfour Beatty is dedicated to minimising
its environmental impact and enhancing
biodiversity, with a focus on protecting
natural environments to support

climate stability.

p64

FRONT COVER IMAGE:

of our experts and learn about the vital work they Tremayne Taylor, General Operative,

do to leave a positive, lasting legacy in the
communities where we work.

London Power Tunnels 2

For the last year, I've been working on the London
AT THE BEATING HEART Power Tunnels 2 scheme to help rewire London's

electrical transmission system. It is a complex

project due to its city location. We use bikes to
travel through the 32.5km tunnel network to our
workstation, 40 metres beneath the capital! Once
the project is finished, we'll donate the bikes to
local schools to support young people with their
cycling safety programmes.”

[AT THE BEATING HEART

SCAN OR CLICK TO WATCH
OUR VIDEO ON HOWTO
REWIRE A CITY

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The Group has presented financial performance measures which are
considered most relevant to the Group and used to manage the Group's
performance. An explanation of these measures and appropriate
reconciliations to statutory measures are provided on pages 81 to 87.

UNDERLYING REVENUE' UNDERLYING PROFIT FROM
£m OPERATIONS (PFO) £m
<8. es ee
_— ee en
Se e § S g—

19 20 21 22 23

&B
19 20 21 22 23

UNDERLYING EARNINGS PER ORDER BOOK’
SHARE (BASIC) Pence fbn
= ~ = S-S =

19 20 21 22 23

19 20 21 22 23

NET CASH STATUTORY NET CASH/
£m (BORROWINGS) £m
= pei ee

19 20 21 22 23

STATUTORY REVENUE
fm

19 20 21 22 23

STATUTORY PROFIT
FOR THE YEAR£m

2
Bs

19 20 21 22 23

19 20 21 22 23

STATUTORY EARNINGS DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
PER SHARE (BASIC) Pence Pence
2 _
* o 2S
S7s08 2
- 3 =

19 20 21 22 23

KEY Performance measures
Statutory measures

19 20 21 22 23

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-undertying items,

Strategic report

Financial performance
Balfour Beatty at a glance
Group Chair's introduction
Business model
Group Chief Executive's review
Market review
Our strategy: Build to Last
Stakeholder value
Operational review

Construction Services

‘Support Services

Infrastructure Investments
Directors’ valuation of the
Investments portfolio
Health, safety and wellbeing
Ethics and compliance
Tax strategy
Sustainability
Our people
My Contribution
Non-financial and sustainability
information statement
Measuring our financial performance
Chief Financial Officer's review
Risk management
Viability statement
Climate change and Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFO)

Governance

Board leadership and

Company purpose

Division of responsibilities
Composition, succession

and evaluation

Nomination Committee

Safety and Sustainability Committee
Audit and Risk Committee
Remuneration Committee
Directors’ report

Financial statements
Independent auditor's report
Financial statements

Notes to the financial statements

Other information

Unaudited Group five-year summary
Shareholder information

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Soan-a

26
28
32
32
38
40

42
44
52
53
54
70
78

80

88
o1
104

105

17
130

134
138
142
145
152
169

173
181
189

255
256

uadat aiiaene

BALFOUR BEATTY AT A GLANCE

Our Cultural Framework

Balfour Beatty’s Cultural Framework provides a simple and clear view of our purpose, values SCAN OR CLICK FOR MORE
and behaviours under our Build to Last strategy. The framework reflects who we are now as an INFORMATION ON OUR
international group, who we want to be, what we value and what drives the way we work. CULTURAL FRAMEWORK

Our purpose

Building New Futures

We are leading the transformation of our industry to meet the challenges of the future.

Our strategy

Build to Last

Build to Last is our strategy for continuous improvement.

Our values

The norms and beliefs that drive the way we work and how we measure ourselves.

Our behaviours

COLLABORATE ENCOURAGE

Reflect the things we will do to consistently deliver to the standard set out in our values.

Our Code of Ethics

Our Code of Ethics is the foundation of everything we do. ‘SCAN OR CLICK FOR MORE
It provides a clear direction on the standards, values and INFORMATION ON OUR
expectations that guide the behaviours of our employees CODE OF ETHICS

and supply chain partners

Building our culture

TALK MAKE A VALUE
Posirively RELENTLESSLY CONSTANTLY DIFFERENCE EVERVONE

p26

LEAN EXPERT. TRUSTED SAFE ‘SUSTAINABLE

p26

Group highlights

REVENUE’ NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

2 GROUP ORDER BOOK'
£9,595m 26,000 65bn

UNDERLYING PROFIT DIRECTORS’ VALUATION
BEFORE TAX INVESTMENTS PORTFOLIO

£261m £1.2bn

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates.

2 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

United Kingdom

£8.9bn

United States

£5.6bn

Hong Kong

£2.0bn

How we work

Our divisions

CONSTRUCTION
SERVICES

Hong Kong International Airport,
Airport Authority Hong Kong.

SUPPORT
SERVICES

UK: Nuneham rail viaduct restoration,
Network Rail.

INFRASTRUCTURE
INVESTMENTS

US: Automated People Mover,
Los Angeles International Airport.*

Expert capabilities

v

Our Construction Services
businesses operate across
infrastructure and buildings
markets in the UK, in the US
and in joint venture in

Hong Kong

v

Their capabilities include
civil engineering, building,
ground engineering, M&€E,
refurbishment, fit-out and
rail engineering

> Our Support Services
businesses operate principally

in the UK, designing, upgrading,

managing and maintaining
critical national infrastructure

M7

Their capabilities span
electricity networks,
rail and highways

> Our Infrastructure Investments
business develops and finances
both public and private
infrastructure projects in
the UK and the US

It operates and maintains
infrastructure projects and

2 portfolio of military and
multifamily housing and
student accommodation assets

v

Selective bidding
for contracts

Our stringent gated lifecycle
process allows us to carefully
control our project portfolio
‘on an ongoing basis.

ORDER BOOK’

£13.7bn

ORDER BOOK'

£2.8bn

DIRECTORS’ VALUATION

£1.2bn

Financial
performance

REVENUE'

£8,08Im

UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£156m

STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£143m

REVENUE'

£1,006m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£80m

STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS

£80m

REVENUE’

£508m

UNDERLYING
PROFIT BEFORE TAX

£47m

STATUTORY PROFIT
BEFORE TAX

£435m

FIND OUT MORE
Read the Operational review

p32

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates.

+ Photo credit: Los Angeles World Airports.

p38

p40

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 3

vindar aifiaene

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION

4

Resolute mn our pursuit

of excellence

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Dear Shareholders,

lam pleased to report that the Group has
continued to benefit from its market-leading
positions and strong brand in a challenging
economic and geopolitical environment.

The Board is proud that Balfour Beatty has
delivered another solid performance in 2023.
As an international company, we remain
vigilant to macro events, from geopolitical
tensions in regions including Russia, Ukraine
and the Middle East, to the ongoing issues of
inflation, the rising cost of raw materials and
energy, and the uncertainty that comes
before the key elections we expect in 2024 in
the UK and US: two of our three core markets.

Despite this uncertainty, Balfour Beatty has
remained unwavering in its commitment to
the fundamental principles that underpin our
‘ongoing success: the health, safety and
wellbeing of our people; diversity and inclusion,
careful risk management, and an unyielding
focus on innovation to drive productivity.
These form part of Balfour Beatty's enduring
commitment to sustainability for both

the business itself and its impact on
communities and the environment.

Charles Allen, Lord Allen
of Kensington, CBE
Non-executive Group Chair

Board composition

My priority is to ensure that the Board is
comprised of an appropriate mix of expertise,
experience, and external perspectives.

Following the 2024 AGM in May, Dr Stephen
Billingham CBE and Stuart Doughty CMG will
step down as non-executive Directors after
nine-year tenures. | would like to share my
sincere thanks and appreciation to them for
their wisdom and clear-headed insights,
which have been immensely valuable throughout
a period of transformation for the Company.
We wish them the very best for the future.

In December, we announced that Robert
MacLeod has been appointed as a non-executive
Director and member of the Audit and Risk
Committee with effect from 8 March 2024
Robert will succeed Dr Stephen Billingham
CBE as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
following the 2024 AGM. He is an experienced
CEO and CFO and brings strong strategic,
financial, and commercial experience to

the Board.

In January 2024, we announced that
Gabrielle (Gabby) Costigan MBE has been
appointed as a non-executive Director with
effect from 8 March 2024. Gabby is an
aeronautical engineer with a diverse international
career spanning several executive positions
including CEO as well as 21 years in the
Australian Army. She will succeed Stuart
Doughty CMG as Chair of the Safety and
Sustainability Committee following the
2024 AGM.

Also in May, following the 2024 AGM, Anne
Drinkwater; a non-executive Director since
December 2018 will be appointed to succeed
Dr Stephen Billingham CBE as Senior
Independent Director.

| will be working closely with the Board and
Executive team to ensure that the Parker
Review requirements for the Board and
senior leader ethnic minority representation
recommendations across the Group by 2027
are considered in the actions taken at all stages
of the employee lifecycle, from attraction
through to recruitment and retention. Balfour
Beatty's ambition is a workforce that reflects
the population of our chosen geographies,
and we remain committed to continuing

‘our progress.

Health, safety and wellbeing
remains our number one priority
It is with great sadness that | report two
fatalities on Balfour Beatty UK sites during
2023. On 27 April, a serious incident occurred
at the HS2 (High Speed 2) Area North project,
resulting in the tragic loss of a colleague
working for one of our subcontractors.

On 6 July, an incident at the AWE project

in Aldermaston resulted in the loss of a
colleague from Balfour Beatty Ground
Engineering. Our heartfelt thoughts remain
with their families, friends and colleagues.

These tragic events prompted a further
forensic review of Balfour Beatty's health and
safety protocols, the creation of a new stored
energy fatal risk working group and digitally
assured processes to improve controls over
safety-critical activities. We have also increased
the emphasis on supervision and vigilance.
We will continue to refresh training, adhering
to the four Zero Harm Golden Rules, reporting
close calls and good practice through our
Observation App, and using the Employee
Assistance Programme for support.

In September, Balfour Beatty paused operations
for a dedicated Group-wide focus on smaller,
informal, local ‘Let's Talk’ sessions at each of
its sites, encouraging discussions about local
safety challenges, areas that are working well
and making safety a personal commitment.

The Group's Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR),
Accident Frequency Rate for 3-day and 7-day
lost time injuries and major injury rates all
dropped to record lows in 2023, a year which
saw over 104 million hours worked across
the Group. These positive indicators have
been underpinned by a strong health and
safety culture which has seen observations
reach their highest number ever with almost
400,000 during 2023. As | referenced in last
year's report, 2 culture where our workforce
is empowered to share observations means
we are learning lessons, sharing best practice,
gathering data, and improving the odds of
preventing incidents or near misses in the future.

In an industry plagued by poor mental health,
where the risk of suicide is amongst the highest
of any sector, Balfour Beatty is committed to
treating health like safety, and improving
mental health standards across the industry.
This mature and comprehensive approach
was recognised at the 2023 Mates in Minds
Impact Awards with Balfour Beatty securing
the award for Best Overall Workplace Mental
Health Programme. It also shone through in
the annual employee engagement survey in
which 94% of colleagues who responded to
the survey said they felt cared for. We will
continue to expand our efforts by investing in
8 proactive approach to address the root
causes of poor mental health. This includes
integrating psychological health and psycho-social
risk factors into the Group's fabric through
policies, processes and operating systems.

Continuing efforts to improve
diversity and inclusion

Balfour Beatty is committed to cultivating a
diverse and inclusive workplace. This focus is
embodied in our Right to Respect programme.
Rolled out across the UK in 2023 and
undergoing a pilot phase in the US, the
programme includes sessions to address
inappropriate language and behaviour and
foster positive workplace interactions.

Taking the time to listen
to different perspectives
to drive improvements
has been key for myself
and the Board.”

In 2023, the UK Diversity & Inclusion
strategy, Value Everyone, was refreshed,
underscoring our determination to drive
sustainable improvements, and set a clear
pathway to meeting the business’ 2030
diversity targets.

Taking the time to listen to different perspectives
to drive improvements has been key for
myself and the Board. In September, as part
of our National Inclusion Week activity, Leo
Quinn hosted a listening leader event with
some of the co-chairs of our five employee-
led UK Affinity Networks: Ability, Gender,
LGBTO+, Multicultural and Neurodiversity.
They naturally and rightly took the opportunity
to tell it like it is — from the lack of adequate
on-site toilet facilities to meet everyone's
needs, to ensuring we provide the right
‘tools’ to do the job, such as reading pens
and colour film to support people with
dyslexia. Their suggestions were practical
and thoughtful and led to the roll-out of
several initiatives such as strengthened
standards to mandate sanitary products,
sanitary bins and hand care facilities.

| followed up with our UK Affinity Network
co-chairs in February 2024, and enjoyed
hearing their personal stories and thoughts
‘on how we could build on the improvements
we have made to make a real difference on
the ground. The LGBTQ+ network described
the importance of showing visible leadership,
drawing the link between the small but
important actions we can take as leaders to
help colleagues feel psychologically safe at
work (meaning if they choose to, people can
be open about who they are and who they
love). I'm delighted to say that Balfour Beatty
will be taking a bigger role in Pride in London
in 2024, with a strong showing of colleagues
joining the parade. Thank you to all the
co-chairs, members and allies who lead and
contribute to the success of our Affinity
Networks across the UK, the US and Hong
Kong. | know the time and effort it takes on
top of the day job, but their passion and
commitment to making Balfour Beatty an
even greater place to work shines through.

Our Early Careers efforts are continuing to
deliver positive progress in the diversity of
hires, with 21% of UK graduates from a
minority ethnic background and 25% female.
Within Gammon, 17% of graduate engineers,
and technician and craft apprentices, hired
were female. In the US, 23% of summer
interns and on-the-job trained colleagues
were female and 42% were from a minority
ethnic background. This infusion of apprentices,
trainees, interns and graduates brings vital
fresh talent and novel perspectives, helping
to revitalise the industry and ultimately shape
the future landscape of the sector.

ABOVE

Charles’ site visit to the Royal Botanic Gardens in Scotland.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 5

vindas afmene

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION CONTINUED

Global competition for
infrastructure talent continues

to intensify

Skilled infrastructure and construction
professionals continue to be increasingly
attracted to markets including Saudi Arabia,
Dubai, and Australia, not only due to substantial
investments in infrastructure but also
advantageous tax regimes. This situation
poses challenges for us as a Group in
sourcing the necessary capabilities,
particularly in the UK market.

With people so important to our business,
Balfour Beatty continues to invest in
strengthening its position as an excellent
employer to retain skills and develop its own
local skills pipeline. In the UK energy market,
we plan to triple our early careers workforce
in 2024 to ensure we have a robust talent
pipeline. Our advanced UK training centres
in Stanton and Raynesway play a crucial role,
providing training for 100 new workers and
project engineers, as well as refresher and
training courses for 350 colleagues every year.

Balfour Beatty has maintained its position as
a Gold member and supporting patron of The
5% Club, a dynamic movement of close to
1000 employing businesses committed to
‘earn and learn’, with a record 7.4% of its UK
workforce comprising apprentices, graduates,
and trainees at December 2023.

Employee engagement at an
all-time high

Balfour Beatty's annual employee engagement
survey is crucial for gaining insights into the
satisfaction, motivation, and overall wellbeing
of our colleagues, as these directly impact
productivity, retention, and financial
performance. The survey has led to tangible
improvements, such as the new UK Recognition
Framework, which encourages greater
recognition of individual achievements

that align to business priorities.

This year's engagement score reached 81%,
rising for the sixth year in a row, 7 percentage
points above an industry average. This annual
survey not only gauges workforce perspectives
but also fosters a culture where every individual
feels heard, contributing to our success.

Balfour Beatty also won the ‘Best Use of
Voice of the Employee award’ at the Engage
Awards in the UK, for the My Contribution
programme. My Contribution empowers
every colleague to deliver positive change
through sharing, evolving, and delivering
ideas; bringing together experts from across
the business to collaborate, innovate and
problem solve, and ensuring that colleagues
are invested in driving the business forward.
In 2023 the 13,000th idea was submitted
through the programme.

6 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Doubling down on sustainable

profitable growth

Diversifying into new markets is a strategic
imperative for Balfour Beatty to meet its
ambitions for sustainable profitable growth.
This proactive approach involves exploring
opportunities in UK regulated sectors with
private customers and partners to expand
the Group's horizons in the energy market.

We are specifically focused on small modular
nuclear reactors, traditional nuclear such as
Sizewell C, Carbon Capture, Utilisation and
Storage and offshore wind. Our Investments
business entered the Electric Vehicle charging
infrastructure market in 2023 with the formation
of Urban Fox, a partnership with Urban Electric
Networks. Our end-to-end capabilities position
us well to capitalise on the market opportunities
across the full spectrum of UK energy
security and net zero transition infrastructure,

The UK defence and security infrastructure
market, including the Defence Nuclear
Enterprise, is another potential growth area
for which Balfour Beatty has a strong track
record of delivery and end-to-end capability
in high-security complex environments

In the US, new offices have been set up in
high-growth areas within our established
state footprints, to leverage the Group's
reputation and expertise in low-risk buildings
and civils markets. In US Investments we see
potential growth in our work for the US
Department of Defense including new
military housing developments

In Hong Kong and Singapore, we expect
continued strong public infrastructure spend
and stimulation of the local residential market
with further growth in modular construction.

BELOW

Bridging the gap towards our
sustainability ambitions

Balfour Beatty's commitment to sustainability
entered a new phase in 2023 with the
introduction of its Bridging the Gap approach
This new approach, supported by an
enhanced Scope 3 carbon emission data set,
is helping each business ‘bridge the gap’
between its current position and the contribution
it makes to achieving Group-wide sustainability
ambitions and targets for net zero, zero
waste and positive community impact.

Balfour Beatty has worked hard to enhance
its Scope 3 carbon emissions data set and
now has a deeper understanding of its
carbon emissions in the ‘purchased, goods
and services’ Scope 3 category. This work
has further clarified the scale of the challenge
in what is one of the most carbon intensive
industries. Building operations and construction
account for c.40%' of global energy-related
carbon emissions and in many areas proven
technologies and low-carbon materials to
support the transition to net zero do not
currently exist.

In late 2023, the Company formally
submitted Science Based Targets and a
related carbon abatement plan aligned with
the 1.5-degree limit global warming goal to
the Science Based Targets initiative, which
are awaiting validation in 2024. The Company
will share an updated sustainability strategy
later this year to reflect its deeper
understanding of the landscape and the
considerable progress it has made in its
sustainability efforts.

Charles’ site visit with the Board to the Denver Transit Operators Contract in Colorado.

ABOVE

Charles’ site visit to the Hong Kong International Airport project.

In 2023, Balfour Beatty made strong
progress across its three focus areas of
environment, materials and communities
achieving a 2% reduction in absolute carbon
emissions?, a 40% reduction in UK waste
intensity and a 15% increase in social value
delivered across its business.

Delivering a multi-year capital
allocation framework

Balfour Beatty is in its fourth year of delivering
shareholder returns from its multi-year capital
allocation framework. With the completion of
the 2023 share buyback programme in
December, £595 million has been distributed
to shareholders through share buybacks and
dividends since the start of 2021. We are
confident of delivering significant future capital
returns, evidenced by the £100 million share
buyback programme for 2024. The Board is
also recommending a final dividend of 8.0
pence per share, giving a total dividend for the
year of 11.5 pence per share

Looking ahead

As ever, | extend my sincere gratitude to
Balfour Beatty's dedicated colleagues,
steadfast partners, and committed stakeholders.
for their unwavering support. Balfour Beatty
is resolute in its pursuit of excellence and
innovation as it continues to successfully
navigate its path through these challenging
times and identify opportunities for

further success.

Balfour Beatty eagerly looks to the future,
aspiring to continue to shape the industry,
lead transformative projects, drive sustainable
solutions, leverage the productivity
opportunities offered by digital technology

Balfour Beatty is
resolute in its pursuit
of excellence and
innovation.”

and Al, foster a culture of collaboration and
diversity, and expand its footprint in attractive
growth markets.

Balfour Beatty is well-positioned for
sustained success, and we look forward to
the exciting prospects that await us as we
move further in to 2024 and beyond.

Charles Allen
Lord Allen of Kensington CBE
Non-executive Group Chair

12 March 2024

Section 172 statement

The Directors take their responsibilities
to stakeholders very seriously. Throughout
2023, the Board reviewed existing
engagement mechanisms across each
of the Group's key stakeholder groups.
The Board ensures all complementary
and divergent stakeholder views are
understood and embedded into Board
discussions and the decision-making
process. In addition to having regard to
the interests of the Group’s stakeholders,
Directors also consider the impact of the
Group's activities on the communities
within which it operates, the environment,
and the Group's reputation for high
standards of business conduct.

The Directors seek to act in good faith
in the way most likely to promote the
long-term success of the Company for
the benefit of its shareholders, and to
act fairly between all of its stakeholders.
Through the Board and the Board
Committees, Directors have taken
action to promote and support these
objectives across the Group, details of
which can be found throughout this
Annual Report as set out here:

> the Company's purpose, values and
behaviours on pages 2 and 26;

v

a description of key stakeholder
groups and how the Group has
engaged with stakeholders on pages
28 to 31;

the range of activities undertaken
across the Group relating to
sustainability matters on pages 54
10 69;

details of how high standards of
integrity are maintained on page 52;

M7

v

v

the proactive and pragmatic approach
of the Group toward risk on pages 91
to 103;

the framework of the Company's
decision making on pages 130 to 133;
and

v

v

details of the Company's governance
processes and practice on pages 117
to 137.

Source: United Nations Environment Programme (2022)
2022 Global Status Report for Buildings and
Construction: Towards a Zero-emission. Efficient and
Resilient Buildings and Construction Sector. Nairobi
www. globalabc.org.

2. Market-based emissions.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 7

vindas aifiaene

BUSINESS MODEL

Delivering
custainable growth

The Group is well positioned to ensure high-quality
outcomes for all its stakeholders by operating in
attractive markets, leveraging synergies between
its Business Units and continuing to focus on
world-class delivery.

How our Group works together
Multi-disciplinary collaboration is core to Balfour Beatty's identity; our Construction Services, Support Services
and Infrastructure Investments teams work closely together to ensure high-quality outcomes for our stakeholders.

Profitable work for construction business Cross-selling across customer base
INFRASTRUCTURE CONSTRUCTION SUPPORT
INVESTMENTS SERVICES SERVICES
A proven track record We manage strong We maintain, upgrade and
of developing and construction businesses manage vital services across
financing projects. in the UK, the US and the Power transmission,
Hong Kong distribution, utilities, road and
rail sectors.
Delivery skills support investment opportunities Knowledge transfer

8 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

Why our customers choose us

BUILD TO