Balfour Beatty

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022

Building
New Futures

Registered in England and Wales, registered number 395826

WOAH

ABOUTUS

Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 25,000 employees
driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines
and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow.

We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and
critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at
the heart of local communities.

Innovation everywhere

Across Balfour Beatty, we are harnessing the power of digital and cutting-edge
technology to drive productivity, improve safety and develop sustainable solutions
Look out for this icon in the report to read about our best innovations which are
helping to transform the infrastructure and construction industry.

Infrastructure Infrastructure
opportunities expertise

Our chosen markets show strong
underlying drivers and continue to deliver
significant opportunities to the Group.

£650bn

Positive outlook for the UK - A breadth of in-house capa! 14.
The infrastructure market outlook is positive and is p

boosted by the Infrastructure and Projects Authority's
£650bn pipeline, providing the highest levels of
investment in decades.

$1.2tn

Strong infrastructure stimulus in the US

Driven by the US$1.2 trillion Infrastructure Investment &

Jobs Act, infrastructure growth in the US will experience Better, faster, greener through

a significant boost in Balfour Beatty's chosen states. modern methods of construction p30

Stable spend in Hong Kong
The outlook is positive, supported by the Government's

plan to increase land supply, speed up railway development
projects and rehabilitate the city’s ageing buildings.

Towards a zero carbon
construction site p44

FRONT COVER: Jay Saddington, Survey & Product Communications Support

‘and Kasia Renc, Graduate Digital Project Delivery Engineer, with Balfour
FIND OUT MORE Beatty's robotic dog Spot’ which documents construction progress using
READ OUR MARKET REVIEW pl 6 autonomous 3D data capture on site.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE CONTENTS

The Group has presented financial performance measures which are considered STRATEGIC REPORT
most relevant to the Group and used to manage the Group's performance
An explanation of these measures and appropriate reconciliations to statutory

measures are provided on pages 73 and 79. Financial performance 1
Balfour Beatty at a glance 2

UNDERLYING REVENUE' £m UNDERLYING PROFIT FROM Group Chair's introduction . 4
OPERATIONS (PFO) £m Group Chief Executive's review 8

Business model 12

Capability showcase:
Abreadth of in-house capability 14

5 2
2 5 B g
ge 8 a3 . “ Market review 16
n° ° e & 5 Our strategy: Build to Last 24
8 s
Stakeholder value 26
Modern methods of
construction showcase:
iB Better, faster, greener 30
18 19 20 21 22 18 19 20 21 22 Operational review
Construction Services 32
UNDERLYING EARNINGS PER ORDER BOOK' Support Services 38
SHARE (BASIC) Pence fbn Infrastructure Investments 40
Directors’ valuation of the
© < Investments portfolio 42
S o2sF Sustainability showcase:
o£ Towards a zero carbon
5 Ss construction site 44
2.5 g
g 8 Health, safety and wellbeing 46
R Ethics and compliance 52
o Tax strategy 54
18 19 20 21 22 18 19 20 21 22 Sustainability 55
NET CASH STATUTORY NET CASH/ Our people 64
fm (BORROWINGS) £m My Contribution 7
Non-financial information statement 72
Measuring our financial performance 73
3 2 2 ¥ Chief Financial Officer's review 80
‘ < Risk management 84
a B Viability statement 97
& Climate change and Task Force on
3 as 8 Climate-related Financial Disclosures
es {TCFD) 98
18 19 20 21 22 : 18 19 20 21 22 GOVERNANCE
STATUTORY REVENUE STATUTORY PROFIT Bowed and Company purpose 10
m m Division of responsibilities 122
oo g 5 Composition, succession
a & 8 8 & and evaluation 126
8 see Nomination Committee 130
Safety and Sustainability Committee 134
83 8 Audit and Risk Committee 136
" 8 Remuneration Committee 142
Directors’ report 168
18 19 20 21 22 18 19 20 21 22
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STATUTORY EARNINGS PER DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
SHARE (BASIC) Pence Pence Independent auditor's report in
Financial statements 173
3 3 Notes to the financial statements 187
g cS
3
OTHER INFORMATION
pe z ¢
ee, Unaudited Group five-year summary 253
a a 8 Shareholder information 254
18 19 20 21 22 18 19 20 21 22

KEY Performance measures
Statutory measures

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates, before non-underlying items.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1

Wimenc

vindar

BALFOUR BEATTY AT A GLANCE

Our cultural

framework

Our cultural framework
provides a simple and clear
view of our purpose, values
and behaviours under our
Build to Last strategy.

The framework reflects who
we are now as an international
group, who we want to be,
what we value and what
drives the way we work;
always Lean, Expert, Trusted
and Safe, and — if we are to
remain a market leader —
always Sustainable.

OUR PURPOSE

Building New Futures

We are leading the transformation of our industry to meet the challenges of the future. We harness the
power of digital and cutting-edge innovation to redefine the possible and drive productivity. Trusted by
customers to deliver sustainable solutions and strengthen communities, we leave a legacy we are proud
of. Always safe. Always reliable. Always improving lives.

We support each other to deliver and succeed, placing equal value on all perspectives by embracing
diversity and inclusion. Together we deliver powerful new solutions, collaborating with governments, our
customers and partners to shape thinking, create skylines and inspire a new generation of talent to be the
change-makers of tomorrow. Balfour Beatty: Building New Futures.

OUR STRATEGY

Build to Last

Build to Last is our strategy for continuous improvement.

It’s fundamental to how we're building a market leading Balfour

Beatty for the next 100 years. It's our platform for sustainable

growth, productivity, inclusive talent — all ensuring the best

capability to deliver on our promises and our enduring

commitment to Zero Harm. p24

OUR VALUES

The norms and beliefs that drive the way we work and how we measure ourselves.

LEAN EXPERT TRUSTED SAFE SUSTAINABLE
p24
‘SCAN FOR MORE OUR BEHAVIOURS :
CUTUnAL ERAMEWoRK Reflect the things we will do to consistently deliver to the standard set out in our values.
TALK COLLABORATE — ENCOURAGE MAKEA VALUE
POSITIVELY RELENTLESSLY CONSTANTLY —_DIFFERENCE EVERYONE
Group highlights
UNDERLYING REVENUE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
£8 993i I l 25 000 GROUP ORDER BOOK’
£17.4bn
UNDERLYING PROFIT DIRECTORS’ VALUATION °
BEFORE TAX INVESTMENTS PORTFOLIO

£291m

1 Including share of joint ventures and associates.

£1.3bn

© United States

£6.0bn

@Hong Kong

£2.9bn

© United Kingdom

£8.5bn

2 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

CONSTRUCTION
SERVICES

Hong Kong: A-grade office building
in Causeway Bay, Mandarin Oriental
Hotel Group.

SUPPORT
SERVICES

UK: London Underground
Piccadilly line upgrade.

Expert capabilities
Balfour Beatty benefits
significantly from a broad set

of complementary capabilities
across the Group.

Selective bidding
for contracts

Our stringent gated lifecycle
process allows us to carefully
control our project portfolio
‘on an ongoing basis.

* Our Construction Services
businesses operate across
infrastructure and buildings
markets in the UK, the US and
in joint venture in Hong Kong

Their capabilities include
civil engineering, building,
ground engineering, M&E,
refurbishment, fit-out and
rail engineering

ORDER BOOK'

£15.0bn

Our Support Services
businesses operate principally

in the UK, designing, upgrading,

managing and maintaining
critical national infrastructure

Their capabilities include
electricity networks, rail
and highways

ORDER BOOK'

£2.4bn

INFRASTRUCTURE
INVESTMENTS

US: Automated People Mover, Los Angeles
International Airport.

Our Infrastructure Investments
business develops and
finances both public and
private infrastructure projects
in the UK and the US

It operates and maintains
infrastructure projects

and a portfolio of military
and multi-family housing,
and student accommodation
assets

DIRECTORS’ VALUATION

£1.3bn

Financial REVENUE’ REVENUE' REVENUE!
performance £ 8 989 £. 60
7,482m £989m 460m

UNDERLYING PROFIT UNDERLYING PROFIT UNDERLYING
FROM OPERATIONS FROM OPERATIONS PROFIT BEFORE TAX
STATUTORY PROFIT STATUTORY PROFIT STATUTORY PROFIT
FROM OPERATIONS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX

FIND OUT MORE

REAO THE OPERATIONAL REVIEW

p32

1. Including share of joint ventures and associates.

p38

p40

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 3

vindat aifiaene

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION

Continuing to
80 from strength
o strength

Charles Allen, Lord Allen
of Kensington, CBE
Non-executive Group Chair

4 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Dear Shareholder,

As | reflect on my first full year as Chair, and
look ahead to the next, | am reminded of the
words | wrote last year. | remarked then

how impressed | had been on entering the
business, to witness the scale of Balfour Beatty's
capabilities — the complexity and critical
nature of the inspiring projects it undertakes,
the ingenuity of the Balfour Beatty workforce
and the resilience and dedication they show
as they live our values. 2022 has brought
home to me the truth of those initial reflections
as the Company continues to go from strength
to strength. Having now visited over 100 projects
across the business, | remain immensely
proud of what Balfour Beatty achieves every
day for all stakeholders. ,

When | visit a site, ! take time to talk with
colleagues and listen to their views. What
comes across really strongly is their pride in
the projects they are working on, their loyalty
to and, for many, their length of service with
Balfour Beatty.

During 2022, the Group regained momentum
as it moved further away from the significant
impacts of COVID-19. Led by a strong
management team, Balfour Beatty continues
to deliver strong financial performance with
an enhanced focus on positioning for growth
in critical national infrastructure

The Board was delighted that Group Chief
Executive Leo Quinn was recognised at
London Build's inaugural awards ceremony
for Outstanding Industry Leadership.

The award is testament to his leadership
of the industry as well as Balfour Beatty's
transformation under the Build to Last
strategy over the last seven years.

Led by a strong
management team,
Balfour Beatty
continues to deliver
strong financial
performance with
an enhanced focus
on positioning

for growth in
critical national
infrastructure.”

Board developments

We continue to evolve the Board to ensure
that it has the right balance of knowledge,
experience and outside-in perspective. We
welcomed Louise Hardy as a non-executive
Director in April 2022. Louise brings with her
over thirty years of business and leadership
experience in the construction and infrastructure
industry and is a strong addition to the Board.

Prioritising health, safety

and wellbeing

Health, safety and wellbeing is paramount for
Balfour Beatty. The Group's focus remains
uncompromising, guided by a Zero Harm
approach that has delivered a downward
trend since 2014 in both our lost time injury
and major injury rates.

The Board's Safety and Sustainability Committee
reviews the Health, Safety and Environment
strategy, monitors progress and ensures
accountability across the Group's operations.
The Committee ensures that Balfour Beatty
is never complacent and continues to work
proactively to strengthen the Zero Harm approach.

While the number of health and safety incidents
in 2022 remains low, we continue to work
vigitantly to prevent all incidents

Balfour Beatty's 2022 performance is
underpinned by a strong health and safety
culture which has seen observations reach
their highest rate ever of 4.0 per 1,000 hours
worked, up from 2.99 in 2021, with total
observations raised in 2022 reaching 380,000.
Acculture where our workforce is empowered
to share observations means we are learning
lessons, sharing best practice, gathering data,
and improving the odds of preventing
incidents or near misses in the future.

Balfour Beatty's back-to-basics focus has
seen it continue to upskill and support project
and contract supervisors and has included the
launch of initiatives such as the Supervisor
Task and Finish Forum to enable continuous
learning from and development of health and
safety critical site supervisors.

In 2022 Balfour Beatty launched What3Things?,
a short, digestible summary of three key
measures that must be in place to prevent
each fatal risk - providing a quick and easy
prompt for our teams to use (for more detail
see page 49),

Health continues to be given the same
importance as safety, with Balfour Beatty
leading the industry through the Health in
Construction Leadership Group and promoting
cross-industry collaboration on health issues.
1am proud of the strong progress Balfour
Beatty has made since 2017 in providing and
promoting the help available for its employees
and supply chain partners on critical issues

INNOVATION IN ACTION

Industry-leading innovations on the M25

In 2022, | visited Connect Plus Services’ Scratchwood Depot to gain a better understanding
of the contract and to learn about its industry-leading innovations.

The team has developed the Optimatics System to help manage road closures effectively
‘on one of the busiest motorways in the UK, the M25. The system uses computer algorithms
to create an optimised road space plan which enables the team to review and quickly
re-plan activities to help minimise disruption for road users when factors such as the

weather forecast change.

| also saw a live demonstration of the innovative Automatic Cone Laying Machine, a new
pioneering technology designed to reduce the risks associated with cone laying activities,
improving safety for colleagues working on highways. Find out more about this

industry-leading innovation on page 51.

such as mental health. In 2022, Balfour Beatty
implemented new initiatives such as Make it
Visible, partnering with Ford to launch a new
suicide prevention campaign, as well as
continuing work with Mates in Mind,
supporting their endeavours to create
bespoke mental health support for
apprentices across the industry.

Continued focus on sustainability
The Board gives close consideration to
environmental, social and governance (ESG)
factors when assessing the impact of the
decisions it makes and supports. Balfour
Beatty is committed to acting responsibly
and to having a positive impact on the planet,
the lives of its people and the communities
in which it operates. Balfour Beatty's view

is that this contributes to the long-term
sustainability of the business and its ability
to deliver for its stakeholders.

Balfour Beatty's approach is guided by its
sustainability strategy, Building New Futures,
which includes a firm 2030 target of halving
its 2020 carbon emissions, including Scope 3
emissions, and a 2040 ambition of Going
Beyond Net Zero.

Despite considerable progress in applying
innovative technologies and accessing
renewable energy sources, the Group has
seen an increase in its carbon emissions in
Scopes 1 and 2 in 2022. There are a number
of reasons for this increase; the impact of
global supply chain issues, rising energy
prices and the fallout from COVID-19, which
have reduced opportunities to drive low-carbon
solutions as the Group has sought to keep
costs down for customers and; an increase in
workload involving tunnelling and earthworks,
which are amongst the most carbon intensive
elements of construction.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 5

GROUP CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION CONTINUED

Continued focus on sustainability
continued

With seven years remaining before the 2030
target, Balfour Beatty's intention is to accelerate
progress, ensuring that sustainability is built
into every day operations, and that the
business is making the right corporate, social
and environmental choices. The steps the
business needs to take to achieve this have
been identified and integrated into its
business plans.

Balfour Beatty's sustainability strategy
commits the Group to take a holistic approach
and consider the long-term impacts of the
decisions it makes. Rather than using
transitional options such as hydrotreated
vegetable oil (HVO), which run the risk of
creating a worse environmental issue than
they aim to solve, the Group is committed to
phasing out diesel and other fossil fuels by
using renewable and other low carbon
sources. | am proud that Balfour Beatty has
the courage to show leadership and make
decisions such as this.

\am pleased to report that the social value
the Group delivers to society continues to
increase and that it made significant progress
towards its ambition to Positively Impact
More than 1 million People by 2040. This area
of Balfour Beatty's work goes from strength
to strength as it boosts local economies
around its projects in all of its geographies.

A principles-led Code of Ethics
The Board takes its role in overseeing Balfour
Beatty's ethics and compliance very seriously.
To strengthen its approach, in 2022 Balfour
Beatty evolved its rules-based Code of
Conduct into a principles-led Code of Ethics: a
framework providing clear direction on the
standards, values and expectations that guide
the behaviours of all its employees and supply
chain partners in the UK and US. Rooted in
the values set out in Balfour Beatty's cultural

6 Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

framework, the intention is that the Code of
Ethics empowers employees and supply chain
partners to do the right thing; from prioritising
health, safety and wellbeing, to standing
against bribery and corruption, supporting
human rights, and fostering inclusion and
respect. | was heartened to see in the 2022
employee engagement survey that 96% of
responders in the UK and US said that they
were familiar with the Code of Ethics,
following a multi-channel communication
campaign and learning programme.

Building a skilled, diverse and
inclusive workforce

Talent is a key focus for the Board. Balfour
Beatty's people are at the heart of everything
the Group does and achieves. Having the
right people with the right skills, at the right
time. is a priority. During 2022 we continued
to monitor and track Balfour Beatty's talent
development prograrrimes, with a focus on
ensuring that the Group has the right capabilities
for the future and a strong, diverse succession
pipeline across leadership positions.

In 2022, as further recognition of the Group’s
ongoing commitment to creating lifelong
careers, Balfour Beatty's Gold accredited
membership of The 5% Club - an employer-
led organisation committed to ‘earn and learn’
opportunities for employees - was renewed.
At December 2022, 6.5% of our UK
workforce comprised apprentices,

graduates and sponsored students in

‘earn and learn’ positions.

77% of employees responded to the annual
Group engagement survey (up from 65% in
2021) and the Group engagement score was
80%, up from 76% in 2021. In such volatile
times, it is important that the Group continues
to maintain these levels of engagement,
ensuring a two-way conversation and
enabling employees to achieve their career
and development goals.

TO FIND OUT MORE
ABOUT OUR NEW
CODE OF ETHICS,
SEE PAGE 52

The Board is committed to ensuring that
Balfour Beatty has a supportive, diverse and
inclusive culture and working environment
where all colleagues feel they belong, with
diverse representation across all levels. This
is an area that | am deeply committed to and
so | am pleased to see progress being made.
Key developments in 2022 included the
launch of a new set of 2030 UK Diversity &
Inclusion targets to accelerate the pace of
change; and strengthened family friendly
policies, available to all UK colleagues to
make sure they feel supported through
important life events.

In the US, colleagues hosted their third
Together Allies conference dedicated to
improving Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
(DE&l). The virtual summit included a series
of panel discussions and keynote speakers on
the positive impact that DE& initiatives

have on operational improvement and
advancement, helping to foster Balfour
Beatty's people-first culture.

| was delighted to see that, in the 2022
employee engagement survey, 86% of
people across the UK and US agreed that the
Company culture is inclusive to everyone,
regardless of difference, up from 83% in
2021, showing that the business continues
to make progress in this important area.

Delivering a multi-year capital
allocation framework

Balfour Beatty is in the third year of delivering
a multi-year capital allocation framework and
is increasingly confident of delivering significant
future capital returns. This is evidenced by the
announcement of an additional £150m share
buyback programme for 2023. The Board is
also recommending a final dividend of 7.0
pence per share, giving a total recommended
dividend of 10.5 pence per share for the year.

The Board is pleased the Company was in the
top decile for FTSE 250 share price
performance for 2022.

Key developments
in 2022 included
the launch of a
new set of 2030
UK Diversity &
Inclusion targets to
accelerate the
pace of change.”

Looking ahead

At the time of writing, we know there will
continue to be many challenges ahead due
to the war in Ukraine. The Board continues to
consider and monitor potential risks and
impacts. My thoughts continue to be with all
those impacted by this devastating situation.

For businesses, trading conditions will
undoubtedly remain challenging throughout
2023, as the world continues to grapple with
high energy costs and the related economic
aftershocks and high levels of inflation.
Balfour Beatty has plans in place to mitigate
the worst of the inflationary impacts on

the business.

Balfour Beatty is well positioned with
differentiated capability and leading positions
in growth markets across the UK, US and
Hong Kong — all markets where governments are
making significant investments in infrastructure.
The Group has clear strategic priorities for
growth, an ambitious plan and the resources,
world-class capability and credibility to
pursue them

As the world continues to tackle climate
change, delivering a global energy system
that can generate affordable, secure,
low-carbon energy is key. In 2022, Balfour
Beatty has taken decisive steps to align
itself to the energy transition and security
market, leveraging its significant capability
and scale to capitalise on the exciting
opportunities ahead.

Against a challenging backdrop, Balfour
Beatty delivered a strong set of results for
2022. This could not have been achieved
without the efforts of its 25,000 people
Their hard work, ingenuity and integrity have
once again shone through. On behalf of the
Board, ! want to thank them for everything
they have done, and continue to do, for
Balfour Beatty. | also want to thank and
acknowledge our shareholders and other
stakeholders for their continued support.

| very much look forward to reporting on our
progress this time next year.

Charles Allen, Lord Allen
of Kensington CBE
Non-executive Group Chair
15 March 2023

The Group has clear
strategic priorities
for growth, an
ambitious plan and
the resources,
world-class capability
and credibility to
pursue them.”

Throughout 2022,

our expert engineers
delivered complex
projects and vital work at
the heart of communities.

SCAN TO WATCH SOME OF
‘OUR HIGHLIGHTS

Section 172 statement

The Directors take their responsibilities
to stakeholders very seriously.
Throughout 2022, the Board reviewed
existing engagement mechanisms
across each of the Group's key stakeholder
groups, The Board ensures all
complementary and divergent
stakeholder views are understood and
embedded into Board discussions and
the decision-making process. In addition
to having regard to the interests of the
Group's stakeholders, Directors also
consider the impact of the Group’s
activities on the communities within
which it operates, the environment, and
the Group’s reputation for high
standards of business conduct.

The Directors seek to act in good faith in
the way most likely to promote the
Jong-term success of the Company for
the benefit of its shareholders, and to
act fairly between all of its stakeholders.
Through the Board and the Board
Committees, Directors have taken
action to promote and support these
objectives across the Group, details of
which can be found throughout this
Annual Report as set out here:

‘* the Company's purpose, values and
behaviours on pages 2 and 24;

a description of key stakeholder groups
and how the Group has engaged with
stakeholders on pages 26 to 29;

.

the range of activities undertaken
across the Group relating to
sustainability matters on pages 55
to 63;

details of how high standards of integrity
are maintained on pages 52 and 53;

.

the proactive and pragmatic approach of
the Group toward risk on pages 84 to 96;

the framework of the Company's
decision making on pages 122 to 125; and

details of the Company's governance
processes and practice on pages 107
to 129.

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

7

Wimene

vindar

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

A diversified
portfolio delivering
on all fronts

Leo Quinn
Group Chief Executive

8

Balfour Beatty ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

ahead of 2021

The Group's continued progress is highlighted
by the increased profitability in 2022, with
underlying profit from operations from the
earnings-based businesses (Construction
Services and Support Services) rising by
28% to £232 million (2021: £181 million).
£208 million of cash was returned to shareholders
during the year (2021: £179 million) through a
combination of dividends and share buybacks,
while average net cash increased to £804
million compared to £671 million in 2021.

Diversified portfolio delivering in
challenging economic conditions
The strong results in 2022 are a testament

to Balfour Beatty's transformation into a
well-balanced and lower risk group. The
diversified portfolio, both geographically in
the UK, US and Hong Kong; and operationally
across Construction Services, Support
Services and Infrastructure Investments, plus
the strength of its balance sheet and cash
management, have provided the resilience
for the Group to deliver results ahead of
expectations through the global instability
seen in 2022.

The Group continues to focus on higher
quality and lower risk opportunities which
utilise its end-to-end capabilities and
large-infrastructure project experience.

At Construction Services, UK Construction
delivered profit within the 2-3% UK industry
standard margin target range, and US
Construction and Gammon have both
produced strong results once again. Support
Services delivered ahead of the 6-8% margin
target range set in 2021, and the Investments
portfolio valuation grew by 17% as the high
levels of inflation and consequent increase

in rental rates in the year benefitted the
valuation of most assets.

The strong results
in 2022 are a
testament to
Balfour Beatty's
transformation into
a well-balanced and
lower risk group.”

Order book growth while
maintaining lower risk profile

The Group's order book has grown by 8% in
the year to £17.4 billion (2021: £16.1 billion).
In the UK, the proportion of the order book
signed on lower risk target-cost or cost-plus
contracts compared to higher risk fixed-price
contracts has significantly increased over the
past four years and now represents 90%.
These lower risk contract structures utilised
in the UK are uncommon in the US, where
the early issuing of subcontracts for buildings
jobs and bonding of the supply chain protects
the Group's US margin. These approaches
are not only prudent to p