BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc has announced conditional awards of ordinary shares to Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) under its Deferred Bonus Plan and Performance Share Plan. Philip Hoare received a total of 46,133 shares, comprising 21,924 under the DBP and 24,209 under the PSP, both awarded on March 27 and March 31, 2026, respectively. Philip Harrison, the Chief Financial Officer, was awarded 48,954 shares under the DBP on March 27, 2026, with this award vesting upon cessation of employment as a 'Good Leaver'. The PSP awards are subject to performance conditions related to relative Total Shareholder Return, Operating Cash Flow, and Earnings Per Share, with specific targets and vesting thresholds outlined for each. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 01 April 2026 PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES ("PDMRS") AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM Balfour Beatty plc (the " Company ") announces that the following PDMRs (the " Grantees ") received conditional awards over the number of Ordinary Shares of 50p each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") shown below (the " Awards "), in accordance with the rules of the Deferred Bonus Plan ( "DBP" ) and the Performance Share Plan ( " PSP ") respectively. The Awards will accrue dividend equivalents between the date of award and date of vest. Name of Director / PDMR Date of award Total number of Shares Awarded Type of Award Philip Hoare 27 March 2026 2 1,924 Conditional award (DBP) Philip Hoare 31 March 2026 2 24,209 Conditional award (PSP) Philip Harrison 27 March 2026 4 8,954 Conditional award (DBP) The vesting and holding period of each Award is subject to the rules of the DBP and PSP (as appropriate) and the Grantee agreeing to be bound by the terms of their Awards. The Awards will normally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Award made under the PSP is then subject to a further two-year holding period. No consideration is payable by grantees on either the grant or vesting of the Awards. As set out in the announcement made on 24 February 2026, Philip Harrison will be a 'Good Leaver' for the purposes of Balfour Beatty's share plans and as a result, this award, made under the rules of the DBP, will vest on cessation of employment in accordance with the Company's Remuneration Policy. Three independent performance conditions will be used for the PSP Award: o Relative TSR (one third weighting) o Cash (one third weighting) o EPS (one third weighting) The performance condition applying to one third of the PSP Award (the " TSR Part ") will measure the Company's relative total shareholder return (" TSR ") performance over a three-year period relative to the TSR performance over the same period of a comparator group of companies, comprising the constituents of the FTSE 250 (excluding investment trusts) as at the start of the measurement period (the " Comparator Group "). The measurement period for the PSP Award shall comprise three consecutive financial years of the Company, starting with the 2026 financial year. No portion of the TSR Part will vest unless the Company's TSR performance ranks at least equal to median TSR performance of the Comparator Group, at which point 25% of the TSR Part will vest, rising on a straight-line basis to 100% vesting for the Company's TSR performance ranking at upper quartile or better relative to the TSR performance of the Comparator Group. The performance condition applying to a separate one third of the PSP Award (the " Cash Part ") will measure improvement in the Company's Operating Cash Flow (" OCF ") from continuing operations over a measurement period starting with the 2026 financial year. No portion of the Cash Part will vest unless the Company's OCF for the 2028 financial year is greater than £ 279M . Were OCF for 2028 to be greater than £ 279M but not more than £398 M , 25% to 50% of the Cash Part would vest on a straight-line basis. Were OCF for 2028 to be £ 398M to £ 448M or more, between 50% of and 100% of the Cash Part would vest on a straight-line ba sis. The performance condition applying to a separate one third of the PSP Award (the " EPS Part ") will measure the Company's earnings per share performance over a measurement period starting with the 2026 financial year. No portion of the EPS Part will vest unless the Company's EPS for the 2028 financial year is 49.2 p , at which point 25% of the EPS Part will vest, rising on a straight-line basis to 100% vesting for the Company's EPS for 2028 being 75.4 p or more . The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Contact and telephone number for queries / Duly authorised officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Tracey Wood Group General Counsel and Company Secretary 020 7216 6800 NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM a) Name Philip Hoare 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional award over Ordinary Shares made in accordance with the rules of the DBP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 2 1,924 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 27 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue a) Name Philip Hoare 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional award over Ordinary Shares made in accordance with the rules of the PSP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 2 24,209 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 31 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue a) Name Philip Harrison 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional award over Ordinary Shares made in accordance with the rules of the DBP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 4 8,954 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 27 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Balfour Beatty plc's Legal Entity Identifier is CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and