BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc announced that conditional awards under its Performance Share Plan vested on April 3, 2026, including dividend equivalents. Group Chief Executive Philip Hoare received 257,514 shares, retaining 136,300 after selling 121,214 to cover tax liabilities at £7.99 per share on April 8, 2026. Chief Financial Officer Philip Harrison received 233,147 shares, retaining 123,403 after selling 109,744 at £7.99 per share on April 8, 2026. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 09 April 2026 NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES ("PDMRs") AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM Balfour Beatty plc (the " Company ") announces that conditional awards made pursuant to the rules of the Company's Performance Share Plan ("PSP") (the " Existing Awards ") vested on 3 April 2026. Further to the Existing Awards, dividend equivalents have been awarded over the lifetime of the Existing Awards in the form of further conditional awards over Ordinary Shares (the " Further Awards "). The total vesting amounts set out below consist of the Existing Awards and the Further Awards. Name of Director / PDMR Award Number of Shares Received (total of Existing Awards and Further Awards) Number of Shares sold (to cover tax liabilities and expenses) Number of Shares retained Philip Hoare PSP 257,514 121,214 136,300 Philip Harrison PSP 233,147 109,744 123,403 The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Contact and telephone number for queries / Duly authorised officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Tracey Wood, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, 020 7216 6800 a) Name Philip Hoare 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of conditional award over Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 257,514 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 3 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue a) Name Philip Hoare 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of sufficient Ordinary Shares to cover tax liabilities and expenses arising from vesting c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £ 7.99 121,214 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 8 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange a) Name Philip Harrison 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of conditional award over Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 233,147 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 3 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue a) Name Philip Harrison 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director / PDMR - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of sufficient Ordinary Shares to cover tax liabilities and expenses arising from vesting c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £ 7.99 109,744 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 8 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Balfour Beatty plc's Legal Entity Identifier is CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and