BETA Close X On October 2, 2025, Mark Collis, Chief Financial Officer of Vesuvius plc, participated in a dividend reinvestment plan, purchasing 304 ordinary shares of the company at a price of £3.73 per share. The transaction, executed on the London Stock Exchange (XLON), resulted in an aggregated total value of £1,134. This represents an initial notification of the transaction. The ordinary shares have an identification code of ISIN: GB00B82YXW83. Disclaimer* Vesuvius plc 3 October 2025 Notification of Transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Mark Collis 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Vesuvius plc b) LEI 213800ORZ521W585SY02 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Vesuvius plc 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B82YXW83 b) Nature of the transaction Dividend reinvestment plan - reinvestment of Vesuvius plc dividend income in purchase of Vesuvius ordinary shares by Mark Collis. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.73 304 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 304 - Price £3.73 - Aggregated total £1,134 e) Date of the transaction 2 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Vesuvius plc, 165 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2AE Registered in England and Wales No. 8217766 LEI: 213800ORZ521W585SY02 www.vesuvius.com AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vesuvius (VSVS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Canal+ SA 2 days ago PayPoint 2 days ago Premier Miton Group 2 days ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and