BETA Close X Vesuvius plc has issued a trading update forecasting H1 2026 trading profit of approximately £74 million, noting that operational issues in its Steel division and a challenging environment for Advanced Refractories, particularly in Europe, are having a greater impact than initially anticipated. While these temporary issues are being addressed and are expected to be resolved by year-end, the company now anticipates full-year trading profit to be slightly ahead of FY25 on a constant currency basis, with FY25 reported revenue at £1,809.5 million and trading profit at £151.1 million. Disclaimer* Vesuvius plc 27 July 2026 27 July 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION TRADING UPDATE Vesuvius plc, a global leader in molten metal flow engineering and technology, releases the following trading update in relation to the H1 performance and outlook for 2026. TRADING AND OUTLOOK Trading profit for H1 2026 is expected to be c. £74m. Since our trading update on 28 May 2026, we have continued to be impacted by operational issues in our Steel division. Additionally, Advanced Refractories is experiencing a challenging trading environment, particularly in Europe. The operational issues, whilst temporary, are causing a greater impact than previously anticipated. They are being addressed and are expected to be resolved by the end of the year. Accordingly, we now expect full-year trading profit to be slightly ahead of trading profit for FY25 on a constant currency basis. Vesuvius will announce its 2026 half year results at 7.00am on Thursday 30 July 2026, as planned. - ENDS- Technical note - FX re-translation FY25 Reported FX rates Re-translated* Revenue £1,809.5m £1,800.9m Trading profit £151.1m £147.0m Return on sales 8.4% 8.2% * Hybrid rate using H1 2026 average FX rates for 6 months and 30 June 2026 spot for 6 months For further information, please contact: Shareholder/analyst enquiries: Vesuvius plc Patrick André, Chief Executive +44 (0) 207 822 0000 Mark Collis, Chief Financial Officer Rachel Stevens, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 207 822 0000 +44 (0) 7387 545 271 Media enquiries: MHP Rachel Farrington, Ollie Hoare, +44 (0) 7817 458804 vesuvius@mhpgroup.com The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Vesuvius is Mark Collis, Chief Financial Officer. About Vesuvius plc Vesuvius is a global leader in molten metal flow engineering and technology principally serving process industries operating in challenging high‑temperature conditions. We develop innovative and customised solutions, often used in extremely demanding industrial environments, which enable our customers to make their manufacturing processes safer, more efficient and more sustainable. These include flow control solutions, advanced refractories and other consumable products and increasingly, related technical services including data capture. We have a worldwide presence. We serve our customers through a network of cost-efficient manufacturing plants located close to their own facilities, and embed our industry experts within their operations, who are all supported by our global technology centres. Our core competitive strengths are our market and technology leadership, strong customer relationships, well established presence in developing markets and our global reach, all of which facilitate the expansion of our addressable markets. Our ultimate goal is to create value for our customers, and to deliver sustainable, profitable growth for our shareholders giving a superior return on their investment whilst providing each of our employees with a safe workplace where they are recognised, developed and properly rewarded. We think beyond today to create solutions that will shape the future. Forward looking statements This announcement contains certain forward looking statements which may include reference to one or more of the following: the Group's financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, dividends, financing plans, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, budgets, capital and other expenditures, competitive positions, growth opportunities for existing products, plans and objectives of management and other matters. Statements in this announcement that are not historical facts are hereby identified as "forward looking statements". Such forward looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the future business prospects, revenue, working capital, liquidity, capital needs, interest costs and income, in each case relating to Vesuvius, wherever they occur in this announcement, are necessarily based on assumptions reflecting the views of Vesuvius and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward looking statements. These include without limitation: economic and business cycles; the terms and conditions of Vesuvius' financing arrangements; foreign currency rate fluctuations; competition in Vesuvius' principal markets; acquisitions or disposals of businesses or assets; and trends in Vesuvius' principal industries. The foregoing list of important factors is not exhaustive. When considering forward looking statements, careful consideration should be given to the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as factors described in documents the Company files with the UK regulator from time to time including its annual reports and accounts. You should not place undue reliance on such forward looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by the Rules of the UK Listing Authority and the London Stock Exchange and applicable law, Vesuvius undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward looking events discussed in this announcement might not occur. Vesuvius plc, 165 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2AE Registered in England and Wales No. 8217766 LEI: 213800ORZ521W585SY02 www.vesuvius.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vesuvius (VSVS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 59 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 59 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 59 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 59 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and