VESUVIVUS PLO
Co Mmpany Number

OG2\17166

{wm

Thi nk beyo ne.
ohapethe futur

AnnualReport

Strategic report

Contents

Ourbusiness

1 Ourpurpose 1

4 Vesuviusoto glance '

6 What wedo

8 —Ourlnvestment proposition

10 Chairman's stotement

12 Chief Executive's strotegic review

14 Ourexternal environment

16 Ourmarkets

18 Ourstrategy

20 Business model

22. Section 172(1) Statement
—Ourstakeholders

27. Risk, viability and going concern

Our performance

36 Key Performance Indicators
38. Finonciol review

42 Operating reviews
42 Stee! Division

43 Steel Flow Control

44 Steel Advanced Refractories
45 Steel Sensors & Probes

46 FoundryDi

Sustainability

50 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

50 Introduction

52 OurSustainobility strotegy

‘and objectives

33 Our sustainal

sa TCFD

57 Ourplonet

n Our customers

74 Ourpeople

81 Ourcommunities

Governance

88 Board of Directors

90 Group Executive Committee

91 Corporate Governance Statement
91 Chairman's governanceletter
92 BoardReport

101 Audit Committee

10 Nomination Committee

M16 Directors’ Remuneration Report

16 Remuneration overview
124-2023 Remuneration Policy
132. Annual Report on

Directors’ Remuneration
144 Directors’ Report
150 Stotement of Directors’ Responsibilities
151 Independent Auditors’ Report

Financial Statements

161. Group Income Statement

162. Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
163. Group Statement of Cash Flows

164 Group Bolance Sheet

165. Group Statement of Changesin Equity

166 Notes tothe Group Financial Stotements
219 Company Balance Sheet

220 Company Statement of Changes in Equity
221 Notesto the Company Financial Statements
227 Five-Year Summary: Divisional Results

228 Shareholder Information

230 Glossary

Financial highlights

Chart removed Chart removed
Chart removed Chart removed

Chart removed

Chart removed

1. For definitions of alternative performance measures, refer to Note 4 of the Group Financial Statements.

2. Heodline results refer to continuing operations ond exclude separately reported items.

Non-financial highlights

Chart removed Chart removed

* Atconstont 2022 currency.

Forward-looking statements

This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect
tothe operations, strategy, performance, financial condition and growth
‘opportunities of the Vesuvius Group. By their nature, these statements involve
uncertainty and are bosed on assumptions and involve risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could couse actual results and developments to differ
materially from those onticipated

The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available

‘at the dote of preporation of this Annual Report and, other than in accordance
withits legal and regulatory obligations, the Company undertakes no obligation
toupdate these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this Annual Report should
be construed as a profit forecost

Ourbusiness / Our performance // Sustainability / Governance / Financial Statements

We think beyond
today’s solutions
and shape the future
through innovation.

Our purpose

Vesuvius is a global leader in molten metal flow
engineering and technology, serving process industries
operating in challenging high-temperature conditions.

We think beyond today to create the innovative solutions
that will shape the future, delivering products and
services that help our customers make their industrial
processes safer, more efficient and more sustainable.

In turn, we provide our employees with a safe workplace
where they are recognised, developed and properly
rewarded, and aim to deliver sustainable, profitable
growth to provide our shareholders with a superior
return on their investment.

Name: Efren Evangelista
Role: Ferrous Metallurgist & Foundry Development Expert
Location: Suzhou

Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Our business

4 Vesuviusataglonce
‘What we do
Our investment proposition
10 Choirman’s statement
12 Chief Executive's strategic review
14 Ourexternal environment

6
8
20
2

7

Ourmorkets
Ourstrategy
Business model

Section 172(1) Statement
~Our stakeholders

Risk, viability and going concern

Name: Ertan Eser
Role: Group Leader Sedex
Location: Borken

Name: Kritika Raman
Role: Trainee Engineer
Location: Kolkata

Ourbusiness / Our performance /' Sustainability / Governance / Finonciol Stotements

We're harnessing technology to create
solutions that drive our customers’ success

In 2022 we spent £36m on R&D, developing innovative
products and solutions in our six R&D centres that will
enable our customers to optimise their efficiency.

Name: Tiago Dos Santos
Role: Research Engineer-VISO
Location: Ghlin

Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Ataglance

Weare aglobal group providing products and solutionsto industrial
customers who manage the flow of molten metal. Ourtechnology-led
solutions allow our customersto tackle complex problems in their
production. Our customers are predominantly inthe steel and
foundry industries and we servethem fromtwo Divisions.

Steel

Revenue £1,496m

Ourcustomers are steel producers and other high-temperature industries.

Vesuvius is a world leader inthe supply of refractory products, systems and solutions.
These help our customers increase their efficiency and productivity, enhance quality,
improve safety and reduce their costs and their environmental impact.

Business Units

Flow Control

Steel production volume isthe
primary driver of demand for
Flow Control's products, whilst
the trend for ‘high-technology
steel’ allows us to leverage our
advanced solutions and achieve
cbove-market growth rates.

Sensors & Probes

Steel production volume and
the need to increase the quality
and consistency of cast steel
drives demand for our

Sensors & Probes business.

Foundry

Advanced Refractories

Steel production volume and
certain other high-temperature
industries, such os aluminium,
copper, cement, petrochemical
‘and energy from waste, are
the drivers for the Advanced
Refractories Business Unit's
product demand.

Chart removed

Revenue £551m

Weare aworldleader inthe supply of consumable products, technical advice and
application supportto the global foundry industry, improving casting qualityand
foundry efficiency. Our primary customers are ferrous and non-ferrous foundries

serving various end-markets, from large bespoke castingsto high-volume automotive
pieces. We operate inthe foundry sector under the Foseco brand. Product demandin
our Foundry Divisions driven by higher sophistication, demanding higher quality metal
andincreasingly more complex castings.

Ourbusiness / Our performonce / Sustainability / Governance / Financial Statements 5

Our production, R&D and commercial sites worldwide

Expansion of Flow Control capacity

The Groupis investing £28m in capacity expansionin some

of our most profitable productlines of VISO* and slide-gates.
This will support future organic growth and market share gains
inthe fast-growing marketsin EEMEA, India and South East Asia.

Breakdown by region

Americas EMEA Asia-Pacific

3,343 employees 4,242 employees 3,549 employees
Chart removed Chart removed Chart removed

Our global presence

6 20 68 6 55

Continents Countries Soles offices R&D centres Production sites
of excellence

* Trademork of the Vesuvius Group of companies, unregistered or registeredin certain countries, used under licence.

6 | Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

What we do

We draw on years of technical expertise and investment in innovation,
to provide solutions, products and services that are criticaltothe
success of our customers in the steel, foundry and other
high-temperature industries.

Whatwe do for our Steel customers

Wesupply Wecombinethese  Oursolutions Our products and
refractory withrobotics and address the key their applications
products, flow mechatronic challengesofour —_ preservethe purity
control systems installationsto customersinthe of thesteelasit
and process lower cost, and steelindustry,such — movesthrough
measurement improve safety asmaintaining the production
solutions to our and consistency steel quality and process, from
Steel Division reducing energy initial refining to
customers usage during the thecaststeelslab,
casting process bar oringot

Oursolutions help toimprove safety, quality and consistency.
They reduce energy usage, and lessen the environmental
impact of the steel-making process

Ourbusiness // Our performance / Sustainobility / Governance / Financial Stotements

Whatisarefractory?

Refractories are ceramic materials designed towithstand
theveryhigh temperatures encountered inmodern manufacturing.
Moreheat-resistant than metals, they are used to line the hot
surfaces found inside many industrial processes.

What we do for our Foundry customers

We provide We combine this Oursolutions Our products and
customisable withtechnical addressthekey solutions clean the
products and advice, application — challenges of our molten metal,
process engineering foundrycustomers improvethe
technologyto and computer of casting quality solidification of
foundriesthat modellingto and production thatmetal, and
improve the improve process efficiency reduce wastage in
quality of outcomes the final casting
their castings

Our castings contribute tothe improvement of product quality
and manufacturing efficiency, whilst reducing the environmental
impact of the casting process

8 | Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Our investment proposition

We believethat Vesuvius offers a compelling opportunity
for investors. As a global business with industry-leading
R&D andastrong focus on growing economies

we offer a unique proposition with exciting potential

for profit generation.

Each of these elements enables
usto drive profitable growth
with acash-generative model.

Chart removed

Chart removed

i |

Nome: Moike Frericks 11. Using Vesuvius internol scorecord,
Role: Team Leader Delivery Management/SCM
Location: Borken

Ourbusiness / Our performance / Sustainobilty / Governance / Financial Statements

Pi

cipal reasons to invest

We operate
in long-term
growth markets

Wearean
industry leader

We are leading the
technology race

Technology
leadership gives

us pricing flexibility
and market
opportunities

We have a strong
sustainability
strategy

Sustained

free cash flow
generation and
astrong balance
sheet pave the
way for growth

'

1

Demographic growth, urbanisation and sustainability needs ore driving the
growth of steel and foundry markets globally

Growing green eneray infrastructure is increasing demand for steel

Demand for high-tech steel and high complexity costings ore growing cheod
of the market

We area global leader where our products are primarily focused—in flow control
and foundry solutions

We provide technology-based solutions which help our customers improve their
sustainability, safety, quality and cost performance

We have a worldwide presence, and are especially strong in the fastest growing
regions of Indio, South-East Asia, Middle East, Africa and Latin America whilst
maintaining leadership in Europe and North America

We spend twice os much on R&D os a percentage of sales than our
closest competitors

This investment enables us to maintain and even increase ‘clear blue water’ between
us and competitors

16% of our soles are in products launched in the last five yeors. Our objective is for
this toreach 20%

We can compensate for cost increases
We gain market share in Flow Control and Foundry through superior technology

Our solutions are a very small part of the cost structure of our customers.
This cost is outweighed by the benefits of our technological differentiation

We have reduced our carbon footprint by more than 18% since 2019
We plon to reduce it by 50% by 2035, so that we will be net zero by 2050
Our products enable our customers to improve their own carbon footprint

75% of our R&D pipeline is dedicoted to products with superior
sustainability characteristics

We have mode the strategic choice not to be integrated upstream in mining
This reduces our need for maintenance capex and enables us to be free cash
flow generative at every point of the market cycle

We maintain strong and prudent balance sheet management

Solid free cash flow and a strong balance sheet allow us to seize organic and
non-organic growth opportunities

10

Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Chairman's statement

The people, products and expertise in
place for long-term sustainable growth

Dear Shareholder,

lom delighted tobe reporting to you for the
first ime os Chairman of Vesuvius, hoving
joined the Board ot the end of 2022. Vesuvius
has delivered o stand-out performance in 2022,
with financial results significantly ahead of

the Group's expectations at the beginning

of the year. This has been achieved through
cokeen focuson commercial excellence and
demonstrates the agility of our business,
condthe ability of our people, torespond to
economic challenges. ! would ike to thank
ollof my Vesuvius colleagues for the
professionolism and dedication they showed
during 2022 ond for their steadfast contribution
tothese excellent results.

Sofety

The number one priority at Vesuvius is to provide
our employees with o safe workplace, so that
they return home sofely to their families ot the
end of each working day. Therefore, only the
highest levels of safety performance conbe
occepted. Vesuvius believes thot all work-reloted
injuries orill health are preventable, moking
sofety the responsibility of every Vesuvius

employee. There ison understanding that
working sofelyiso clear condition of
employment. Against this background, itis
deeply regrettable thot we suffered a fatality

of ourjoint venture site in Wuhan, China during
2022. We are determined to ensure thot lessons
learnt from this accident ore shared across the
Group to prevent further incidents. Our thoughts
remain with the family and friends of the
colleague welost

Initialimpressions

Ihave received o worm welcometo Vesuvius
over the post few months. Ihave visited our

sites in Borken, Germany; Skawino, Poland

‘and Ghlin, Belgium; ond been impressed by

the depth of knowledge and expertise that
existsin our operations. My firstinteractions
with the business tell me thot Vesuvius’ CORE
values of Courage, Ownership, Respect and
Energy are clearly alive and well, ond embedded
in the organisation,

ttis already clear to me that R&Dis a core
component to our success and the delivery of our
strotegy. Thereis deep technical expertise in the
organisation and the spark of innovation is truly

olight ocross oll Business Units. lom looking
forward toincreasing the breadth and depth
of my technicol understanding of our products
cond solutions as I continue to visit our sitesin the
year oheod.

Strategy

I believe thot Vesuvius key strength sits ability to
add value to our customers, by driving efficiency
‘ond productivity improvements in their
processes, os well os providing support to moke
their operations safer and more environmentally
friendly. We ore possionate about our products
‘ond solutions, which help our customers deliver
consistently higher quality finished products,
with on improved metallurgical structure and
using fewer resources. In this woy, Vesuvius ploys
onimportant role inimproving our customers’
commercial, quality and environmental
outcomes. Ourextensive R&D capobility, deep
product knowledge, and long-standing steel
and foundry process expertise enable us to
partner with them toinnovate and adapt to
their changing needs.

During the yeor the Board conducted its annual
review of the strotegy for each Business Unit
Each hos o toilored plon for profitable growth
and higher profit margins, focused on
innovation, quality ond long-term sustainability.
Agoinst this background, the Board reaffirmed
its support foro significant investment
programme inthe Group-particularly focusing
onour growth markets across the world

People

People ore cleorly ot the heart of Vesuvius, and
understanding the work undertaken to ensure
we have the right people in the right plocesin the
business remoined o key focus for the Boord in
2022. During further COVID-19 disruptionin
China in 2022, our people once again excelled in
their dedication, maintaining operations ot our
sites despite further lockdowns. I give my thanks
jothose teams. Likewise, when the conflict broke
out in Ukroine, our colleagues continued to
support the orgonisation, despite immense
personol challenges. We ore thankful that our
people there remoin sofe, and on behalf of the
Boord I thonk them for the work they continue
todoin extremely difficult circumstances.

The recent cyber security incident has
demonstrated the depth of our organisational
resilience and culture. We are responding tothe
considerable challenges this has posed and at
every site our people have worked incredibly