red number 08217766
VESUVIUS PLC

Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Vesuviusis a global leader in molten metal flow
engineering and technology, providing high-technology
products and solutions to industrial customers who
operate in challenging high-temperature conditions.

We prioritise investment in innovation to maintain
our technological differentiation. Our customers are
predominantly in the steel and foundry industries
which we serve from our two Divisions.

Ourtechnology-led products allow our customers
totackle some of the most complex problems in
their production processes.

Strategic report
IFC Vesuvius Overview
1 Highlights
2 Ataglonce
6 — Choirmon’sstotement
8 Chief Executive's strategic review
12 Ourbusiness model
14 Whyinvest in Vesuvius?
14 Weoperate in markets expected to
grow over the medium term
18 Weserveour customers through
technological differentiation
20 Wedeliver robust and consistent
finonciol returns
22 Wehaveaclear sustainability strategy
24 Operating review
24 Stee! Division
25 FlowControl
% ‘Advanced Refractories
%6 Sensors & Probes,
27 Foundry Division
28 Financial KPIs
30 Financiol review
33 Non-Finoncial and Sustcinabilty
Information Statement
(Sustoinability Report)
34 OurSustainability strotegy
‘ond objectives
35 Progressonour sustainability targets
37 Tocklingclimate change
55 Ourpeople
39 Aresponsible company
63 Ourstokeholders and
Section 172(1) Statement
67 Risk, viability ond going concern

n

Principol risks ond uncertainties

Governance

75 Chairman's governance letter

7% — Boardof Directors

78 — Group Executive Committee

79 Corporate Governance Stotement
79 Board Report

88 Audit Committee
96  NominotionCommittee

103 Directors’ Remuneration Report
103 Remuneration overview

108 —-2023Remuneration Policy
116 AnnualReport on

Directors‘ Remuneration
130 Directors’ Report
138 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
139 Independent Auditors’ Report

Financial Statements

148
“9

150
1st
182
153
208
209

20

ne

2
29

Group Income Statement
Group Stotement of

Comprehensive Income

Group Stotement of Cash Flows

Group Bolonce Sheet

Group Stotement of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Group Financial Statements
‘Compony Balonce Sheet

Compony Stotement of

Chongesin Equity

Notestothe Compony

Finonciol Statements

Five-Yeor Summory: Divisional Results
from Continuing Operations (unaudited)
Shoreholder informotion (unaudited)
Glossory

For more information visit www.vesuvius.com

Strategicreport Governance

Highlights

Financial statements

Revenue

£1,820m

Troding profit?

£188m

2024 788m

Return on sales

10.3%

2023 71,930m 2023 '£200m 2023 710.4%
2022 ‘£2,047 2022 727m 2022 J1.1%
Operating profit Stotutory EPS Free cashflow!

£154m

2024 / 154m
2023 7£190m
2022 217m

Return on invested capital’

8.4%

2024 78.4%
2023 729%

33.5p

2023, 7 44.0p

£61m

2023 7a 28m

2022 '67.2p

2022 €123m

Net debt to adjusted EBITDA

1.5x

2024 /1.3«
2023 Jox

2022 10.7%

2022 10.9%

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate per million hours

0.52

2024 /os2
2023 /0.60

2022 71.08

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2CO,¢ emission
intensity per metric tonne of product packed
for shipment versus 2019?

-26.9%

2024 $26.9%\
2023 20.79

1. For definitions of alternotive performance meosures, refer to Note 35 of the Group Financial Statements.
2. Pro furmy performance colculoted os if dolime production had been operating normally in 2023 and 2024
The actual reduction in Scope 1 ond 2 COxe emission intensity in 2023 wos 45.9% ond in 2024 was 40.4%,

See page 51 for further information.

3, Figures obove hove been rounded to the nearest million.

Vesuvius ple Annual Report ond Financial Statements 2024

Ataglance

Steel Division

We are aworld leader in the supply of refractory products, systems
and solutionsto steel producers and other high-temperature
industries, helping our customersincrease their efficiency

and productivity, and enhance their quality and safety.

Revenue

£1,343.8m

Troding profit

£153.0m

Flow Control

Wesupplythe global steel industry with
consumable ceramic products, systems,
robotics and digital services for the
continuous casting process.

Revenue

£769.0m

Advanced Refractories

We supply specialist refractory products
designed to enable steel-making equipment

tohold the molten metal

Revenue

£535.6m

Key products

VISO (isostatic tubes, stoppers and nozzles) ¢.45%
SLIDE-GATE (refractories and systems) ¢.35%

OTHER (including fluxes, purging plugs and robots) ¢.20%

Key products

UNSHAPED (AlSiand basic monolithics) ¢.55%
SHAPED AND OTHER (including bricks and precast) ¢.45%

Sensors & Probes

We supply a range of products that enhance
the control and monitoring of our customers’
production processes.

Revenue

£39.2m

Whatwedo for our Steel customers

We supply refractory We combine these with
products, flow control robotics and mechatronic
systems and process installations to increase

their efficiency, lower their
costs ond improve their

measurement solutions
toour Steel Division

Our solutions address

the key challenges of

‘our customersin the steel
industry, such as maintaining
steel quality and reducing

Our products and their
opplications preserve
the purity of the steel as
it moves through the
production process, from

customers sofety and product energy usage during the initial refining to the cost
consistency costing process steel slab, bar or ingot
Safety + Quality
Weim prove... 9 Improved safety Bettersteel,
atcustomer plants * better castings

Strategicreport Governance _ Financial statements

Foundry Division Revenue
Operating under the Foseco brand, we are a world leader inthe supply £476 . 3
of consumable products, technical advice and application support Trading profit

tothe global foundry industry, helping our customers toimprove their
casting quality and foundry efficiency.

£35.0m

Product demandiis driven by
higher sophistication, demanding
higher-quality metal and more
complex castings.

Key products
FEEDING ANDFILTRATION c.40%
BINDERS AND COATINGS ¢.30%

OTHER (including crucibles
andmelt-shop products) ¢.30%

Customers

+ Foseco’s primary customers ore ferrous and non-ferrous 78%

22%

foundries serving various end-markets from large bespoke
castings to high volume automotive pieces. Most of Foseco's

i CE General industrials?
customers serve the general industrial market.

CO Light vehicle morket

Whatwedofor our Foundry customers

We provide customisable We combine this Our solutions address

products ond process with technical advice, ‘our foundry customers’

technology to foundries ‘application engineering key challenges of

thot improve the quality ‘and computer casting quality and

of their castings modelling to improve production efficiency
process outcomes

Our products and solutions
clean the molten metal,
improve the solidification
of that metal, and reduce
wastage in the final casting

Efficiency Sustainability
) Cheapersteel, & Less energy usageand
cheaper castings CO, emissions

..for our Steel and
Foundry customers

1. General industrials includes: mining, ogriculturol, general engineering, heavy trucks ond other industrial opplicotions,

Vesuvius ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Ataglance

Our global presence

Our worldwide footprint, with afocus on 6
the world’s growing markets, enables

40

usto capitalise on shifting dynamics in
the global steel and foundry markets. 68

@ For moreinformotion see pages 14-17,

Continents Countries
Soles offices R&D centres

of excellence

D Productionsites > R&D centres of excellence 5 4

Production sites

Strategicreport — Governance

Financial statements

Our capacity expansion in developing markets:

VIZAG, INDIA

Newsite developed with further expansion capacity available

Advanced Refractories:
Precast, AlSi & basic monolithics

Flow Control:

Mould flux

SKAWINA, POLAND

Flow Control:
VISO and slide-gate

YINGKOU AND CHANGSHU, CHINA

Advanced Foundry:
Refractories: Non-ferrous
Basic monolithics fluxes

MONTERREY, MEXICO.

KOLKATA AND PUNE, INDIA

Flow Control:

Flow Control: Foundry:

VISO vISO Filters

Breakdown by region

Americas EMEA Asia-Pacific
3,146 employees 4,309 employees 6,260employees
19% FOUNDRY 30% FOUNDRY 30% FOUNDRY

81% STEEL 70% STEEL 70% STEEL

£633.5m

Revenue

£605.1m

Revenue

£583.5m

Revenue

Vesuvius ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Chairman's statement

We continued to advance our strategy in
2024 despite challenging market conditions

Dear Shareholder,

2024 marked asteady year for Vesuvius,
oswe navigated adverse conditions across
‘our end-markets, a number of which
continued to suffer lower than expected
activity, The knock-on effects of a slowing
Chinese economy drove Chinese steel
exports to reach increasingly elevated
levels during the year, putting pressure
onend-markets for our Steel Division.
Similarly, Foundry end-markets were

very subdued as lower industrial activity
impacted our customers. Despite this, the
Group delivered a resilient performance,
thanks in large port to the decisive actions
of the management team and leadership,
as well os the hard work and commitment
from our employees globally.

Strategy

We continued to advence our strategy
successfully in 2024, with the Boord
supporting key investments to drive
growth and strengthen the Group's
copobilities. Our ability to goin market
share in our Flow Control and Foundry
businesses, despite o more challenging
economic environment than anticipated,
is testament tothe Group's differentiated
technology and excellent customer focus.
Product innovation remains central to
our strategy, enabling us to deliver
advanced solutions thot create value

for our customers. Over the past yeor,
we lounched 33 new products, as we
continue our commitment to staying
ahead of evolving customer needs.

Our Flow Control business has been
astondout contributor, with over 20% of its
sales now derived from products launched
in the past five years, demonstrating the
tangible impact of our innovation pipeline.

Our commitment to adding value extends
beyond product innovation to advanced
solutions based on robotics, which
continue to attract significant customer
interest. In 2024, we secured nine new
robotics projects, building on the five
projects secured in 2023. These
installations are transforming customer
operations by enhancing production,
improving process efficiency, and
promoting sofer working environments.

This yeor, we also announced the
acquisition of a mojority stake in PiroMET,
a Turkish business specialising in refractory
products, and advanced robotics and
guhning solutions. We recently completed
this acquisition, which will strengthen our
Advanced Refractories business in the
high-growth EEMEA region, further
enhancing our ability to meet customer
demand in these critical and expanding
markets, whilst also supporting our

ability to serve the European morket.

The Group has continued to moke
excellent progress delivering against the
cost savings targets cnnounced at our
Copitol Markets Day in November 2023.
The three-year cost reduction programme
is proceeding well, with the exitrun-rote

‘at the end of 2024 ahead of expectations,
reflecting the diligent efforts of the
Vesuvius team os they identify and
execute key projects to support this goal.

To underpin long-term growth, we
continue to make targeted investments to
expond capacity in high-growth regions
like Indic and Poland. Our growth capex
programme hos been instrumental in
enabling these efforts, ensuring we can
meet the evolving needs of our customers
and maintain our leadership position in
key markets.

People

The strategic progress and financial
performance we have delivered this
year is founded on the dedication and
professionalism of our employees across
the Group. The level of technological
innovotion we see ot Vesuvius simply
could not happen if we did not have
the right people in the right places, nor
could we maintain the depth of our
customer relationships without the
contribution of our operations, sales
and procurement teams.

Strategicreport — Governance

Financial statements

Asin previous years, the engogement
survey we conducted during the year
showed that we have a motivoted
workforce, committed to delivering on
our goals. Itremoins the cose that our
people ore ot the heart of Vesuvius.

Members of the Board had another busy
year, visiting sites in Belgium, the Czech
Republic, France, Japan, Mexico, Poland
‘and the USA, and the entire Board made
aweek-long trip to China. Itis during
these visits that the Directors can speck
firsthand with our people, holding ‘town
hall’ meetings, listening to their questions
and feedback, and taking the temperature
of the orgonisotion, as well as engaging
directly with our customers and other
stakeholders on the ground.

Safety

The number one priority ot Vesuviusisto
provide our employees witha safe place
towork, and we are proud of the steps we
have taken over the years to ensure safety
is at the core of everything we do. Although
we are pleased that our Lost Time Injury
Frequency Rate continued to reduce this
year to 0.52 per million hours worked, which
is another improvement in performance,
we are aware that there is clways more
work tobe done. Only the highest levels

of safety performance con be accepted.

Progressonour

sustainability objectives

The Group hos set clearinternal
operational targets around sustainability
performance, porticulorly in relation to our
CO; emissions ond energy consumption.
Our focus on sustainability is increasingly
intertwined with our R&D capobilities,
where our research enables us to continue
to develop innovative and energy efficient
solutions for our customers. We continue
to deliver positive progress against these
objectives, whilst recognising that the
Group's ambitions for diversity remain
challenging, and as yet unfulfilled.

Ahighlight of the year was the
inauguration of our first carbon-free mojor
manufacturing site, for Flow Control and
Advanced Refractories products in Brazil
This shows clearly what we can achieve as
we focus on our CO,¢ intensity reduction
targets. We continue to toke steps towards
reaching our target of a net zero carbon
footprint by 2050, and have ident
priorities, targets ond mil
progress on this journey.

The Board and governance

In 2024, we welcomed two new
Independent Non-Executive Directors

to the Boord. Eva Lindqvist joined in May,
‘0s Senior Independent Director, following
her election at the AGM. She has over

35 years of experience in globol industrial
cond service businesses, including senior
leadership roles at Ericsson and Telia, and
brings strategic insight and governance
expertise, having served on numerous
listed company boards. Thenin June, we
were pleased to welcome Italia Boninelli to
the Board. An experienced HR executive
with extensive international exposure
‘cross the mining, healthcare, and
financial services sectors, Itolio’s expertise
will be invaluable in her role os Chair

of the Remuneration Committee.

This year we also saw Douglos Hurt step
down os Senior Independent Director and
Chair of the Audit Committee ofter nine
years of dedicated service, with Robert
MacLeod succeeding him in the latter role.
Similarly, Koth Durrant, who joined the
Board in 2020, stepped down in July as
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
having served three years on the Board
‘On beholf of the Directors, | would like to
thank both Douglas and Kath for their
significont contributions, wise counsel
and steadfast commitment to Vesuvius
during thei

Dividend

Vesuvius has a progressive dividend policy.
Asaminimum wewill maintain our
dividend per shore year-on-year ond
increase it, through the cycle, inline with
‘earnings per share growth. The Board
has recommended a final dividend of
16.4 pence per share, bringing the total
dividend for the year to 23.5 pence per
share, whichis 0 2.2% year-on-year
increase on the total dividend for 2023
‘of 23.0 pence per share. If approved

‘ot the Annual General Meeting, this final
dividend will be paid on 6 June 2025
toshoreholders on the register at

25 April 2025.

Following the successful completion of
‘our first shore buyback programme

in 2024, we were pleased to launch
onew programme for a second tranche
‘of £50 million, which we anticipate
completing over the next three months.
This decision underscores our confidence
inthe ongoing strength of Vesuvius free
cash flow generation ond reaffirms our
commitment to return value to our
shareholders while maintaining
strong balance sheet,

AnnualGeneral Meeting

The Annual General Meeting will be
held on 16 May 2025. The Notice of
Meeting and explanatory notes
containing details of the resolutions to
be put to the meeting accompany this
Annuol Reportand are available on
‘our website: www.vesuvius.com.

Looking ahead

Vesuvius remains steadfost ints

strategy for growth andis confidentin the
long-term attractiveness of global steel
‘cond foundry market fundamentals.

We ore committed to executing our
strotegic ombitions with o primary focus
on safety, driving innovation through our
dedicated R&D copabilities, ond delivering
market-leading, technologically advanced
products ond solutions. Alongside these
priorities, we will mointoin a robust
financial framework that supports
continued investment in the business and,
where appropriate, targeted acquisitions.

While the year ahead may bring
economic, commercial and operational
challenges, we continue to deliver on
self-help measures that enhance our
resilience and position us to capitalise on
opportunities as end-markets improve.
With our talented people, odvanced
products ond industry expertise,

we ore well placed to deliver long-term
value for our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I wouldllike to
thonk our shareholders, employees and
customers for their continued support,
ond Ilook forward to reporting on
further successes in the coming yeor.

Carl-Peter Forster
Choirmon
5 Morch 2025

Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Chief Executive's strategic review

Vesuvius’ performance in 2024
showed resilience despite difficult
market conditions, thanks to
astrong focus on cost reduction
andthe continuing benefits of
ourtechnology strategy.

2024 difficult market background

Global steel production remained
subdued in the world excluding China,
Russia, Iran and Ukraine, with growth
limited to 0.8% for the full yeor (source:
World Steel Association), due to sharply
increasing steel exports from China.
Steel production in India continued to
exhibit strong growth (+6.3% year-on-
year), as did South East Asio (+5.3%)
and EEMEA (EMEA excluding EU+UK,
Iran, Russia. and Ukraine) (+4.1%),
Conversely, steel production declined in
the Americas (-2.9%) and in North Asia
(3.69%). Europe (EU+UK) only modestly
recovered from the very low point of
2023, with growth of 1.2%.

Despite steel production in China
contracting by 1.7%, the level of net
exports continued to rise during the year,
reaching 104 million tonnes, on increase
of ¢.20 million tonnes versus 2023, due to
an even shorper decline in domestic steel
consumption. These increosing exports
put steel production outside of China
under strong pressure ond depressed
steel prices worldwide.

Foundry markets, with the exception of
India, remained very weak throughout
2024, in porticular in Europe, North Asia
‘and in the Americas, os declining industrial
activity impacted the end-morkets of our
customers. All industrial end-markets
outside of China were affected, including
the light vehicle industry which had
performed well in 2023. The foundry
market decline was particularly severe

in EU+UK andin North Asia, important
regions for our Foundry Division, and we
now do not expect them to return to their
pre-pondemic levels in the near future.

Strategicreport Governance

Financial statements

Updated Strategic Targets

Weaim to:

Originaltargets

Achieve a Return on Sales
of at least 12.5% by 2026

Updated targets

Generate strong and recurring
free cash flow of ot least £400m
between 2024 and 2026

Achieve £30m of annually
recurring cosh cost sovings
by the end of 2026

ai

Achieve o Return on Soles
of at least 12.5% by 2028

©
Deliver our cumulative £400m
free cash flow target between

2024 and 2027

Increase our cash cost savings
objective to £45m by 2028

Progressin 2024

Return on sales hos increased to 10.3%,
10 bosis points higher on an underlying
bosis thon 2023 (2023 ROS: 10.2% on
@constant currency basis). This reflects
substantial cost savings achievedin 2024,
lorgely offset by the negative impact of
declining volumes in the Foundry business.

Free cash flow fell to £61m in 2024
compored to £128m in 2023, reflecting

the reduced EBITDA due to trading,
combined with ongoing investment copex.
We expect capexin 2025 tobe £80m-£85m.
then revert to more normalised levels.

In 2024, we delivered cost savings under
‘our Group-wide programme of £13m with

‘an annuolised exit run-rate of £18m.
Ofthe savings delivered in-year, slightly
under half were in the Foundry Division,
reflecting swift action taken to address
costsina challenging environment. The
cost savings achieved to date have been
weighted towards headcount reductions.

Strategic Update

In November 2023, we presented our
strategy and medium-term targets to
investors at a Capital Markets Event.

We highlighted favourable medium-term
trends in our end-markets, ond, through
‘our market-leading investment in research
‘and development, demonstrated

‘our ability to gain market share while
pricing for the value we generate for

‘our customers. We also set out a cost
reduction programme os detailed below.

Cost optimisation programme
delivering above expectations
The cost optimisation programme,
launchedin late 2023, initially oimed
to deliver £30m of annually recurring
cosh sovings by 2026. This programme
covers all of our worldwide activities and
focuses on operational improvement,
lean initiatives, automation and
digitalisation, os well os optimisation
of our manufacturing footprint.

In 2024, we delivered cost savings under
this programme of £13m with on
onnuolised exit run-rate of £18m.

Ofthe savings delivered in-year, slightly
under half were in the Foundry Division,
reflecting swift action token to address
costsin a challenging environment, The
cost savings achieved to date have been
weighted towards headcount reductions.
We expect to deliver incremental in-year
cost savings of £12m-£14m in 2028.

We anticipate one-off costs in 2025

in the region of £7m-£10m and a total
programme cost of £40m, including
capex costs.

Given this good progress in 2024, we are
now raising our cash cost sovings objective
from £30m of recurring annual sovings by
2026 to £45m of recurring annual sovings
bby 2028, with an incremental cost of
delivery of c.£20m.

Medium-term strategic targets
Over the past year, we implemented our
programme and delivered on these cost
reduction actions. We also saw the benefit
of our technology-led business model, with
our differentiation driving market share
goins in Flow Control and Foundry.

The market backdrop, however, has

been challenging, particularly in our Foundry
Division where the decline in market activity
hasbeen significant, such that the benefit of
cost savingsin 2024 hos largely been offset
by this market decline. Despite the short-
term uncertainties in our end-markets, we
remain confident in the mid-tolong-term
growth potential of these marketsondin
particular growth in the steel market outside
of China. The strength of our technology-
based business model should also enable us
tocontinue outperforming our underlying
markets in Flow Control and Foundry.

Given the near-term uncertoin tariff and
geopolitical environment and the decline
experienced in Foundry end-markets over
the last 18 months, we are nowtargeting
toachieve our mid-term Return on Sales
target of at least 12.5% by 2028 and to
deliver our cumulative £400m free cash
flow torget by 2027. This will be portially
dependent ona return to normal
conditions in our end-markets and will be
supported by an extension of our cost
reduction programme which we are
increasing from £30m to £45m by 2028.

Our Sustainability Priorities So)

Helping our customers
reduce their CO, emissions

Become zero-occident
compony

ReachnetzeroCO,

emissions (Scope 1 and 2)

Improve gender diversity at
every level of the company

For more information, see pages 22 and 23, and the Sustainability section of this report on pages 34~62.

Vesuvius ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Chief Executive's strategic review continued

Performance

Steel Di

Despite adverse market conditions, the
Steel Division performed well in 2024.
Onan underlying basis, the Steel Division
revenue remained broadly stable (-0.1%)
while profit grew by 9.9%, resulting in
return on soles increasing by 110bps.
Revenue growth was driven by market
share goins offsetting slightly negotive
market volumes evolution overall due
toour overweight market position in
North Americo, where steel production
declined in 2024.

Overall, we gained morket share across
the Stee! Division, with gains across the
Flow Control business and in Advanced
Refractories in the growing regions of Asia
and EEMEA, which more than offset some
limited Advonced Refractories market
shore losses in EU+UK and the Americas.
Headline pricing decreosed slightly,
reflecting o decline in raw materials costs.
Pricing net of cost inflation (raw materials
ond labour), however, remained positive.

Steel Division profits were also supported
by the strong cost reduction actions
undertaken os part of the Group-wide
£30m cost-saving programme.

Foundry Division

Severe market decline, in particular in
EU+UK ond North Asia which represents
¢.40% of the Foundry Division turnover,
reduced overall Foundry Division revenue
by €.10%. The Division was, however, able
to mitigate this general morket downturn
with market share gains of ¢.5%.

Headline pricing also decreased during
the year, reflecting a decline of raw
materials prices. Pricing net of cost
inflation (labour ond raw materials) wos
slightly negative as labour inflation wos
not fully compensated by price increases.

The Division reacted strongly to this
challenging environment, successfully
implementing cost reduction actions and
accelerating production and resource
transfers from EU+UK tolower cost and
faster growing areas.

We expect this strong action plan will
pave the way for an improvement of the
Foundry Division results going forward
despite the continuing difficult market
conditions in Europe and North Asio.

Goodcashgenerationand
strongbalancesheet

The business delivered adjusted
‘operating cashflow of £130.3m in 2024,
which represented a 69% cash conversion
rate for the year. Free cashflow was
£60.8m, after cash capex of £100.8m
(2023: £92.6m). We maintained o strict
focus on working capital management
and were able to reduce our trade working
capital intensity further, which was

22.9% at year-end, versus 23.4% last year.

Our balance sheet remained strong
with o debt leverage ratio of 1.3x

(31 December 2023: 0.9»), ot the lower
end of our 1.0-2.0x range. This reflects
the free cash flow described above,
£63.4m of poyments relating tothe
shore buybacks executed during the
yeor and dividends of £61.1m,

In February 2025 we concluded the
refinancing of our revolving credit facility,
extended to £475m, witha syndicate of
ten bonks fore term of 4.5 years.

Investment /

Acquisition in Turkiye

Following the agreement reached in
November 2024, on 28 February 2025
we completed the acquisition of a 61.65%
shareholding in PiroMET, a Turkish
refractory company, for €26.2m. The
‘acquisition will strengthen our Advanced
Refractories business in the fast-growing
region of EMEA ond will also allow us to
leverage PiroMET's expertise in robotics
‘and gunning worldwide.

Capacity-expansion programme
in Flow Controland in Asia
nearing completion

The investment programme to expand
copacity and support the growth of

Flow Control worldwide and Advanced
Refractories ond Foundry in Asia, initiated
in 2021, is now largely complete and will
underpin the progression of our results
and profitability in the years to come.
The expanded production capacity for
VISO, Slide Gate and Mould Fluxin Flow
Controlis now largely operational and
will support the Business Unit's expansion
in India, South East Asia, EEMEA and
North America

In Advanced Refractories, the expansion
of our Basic monolithic and AISi monolithic
copacity ot our new flagship plant in
Vizag is nearing completion ond will
support profitable growth of the

Business Unit in India going forword.

In Foundry, our non-ferrous flux production
line in China is now fully operational ond
will enable the Business Unit to accelerate
its penetrotion of the fast-growing
oluminium foundry market.

This three-year capex programme of
copacity expansion will be mostly
completed by the end of H1 2025.
Following this, copexis expected to
revert towards normalised levels.