Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 56 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 108 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 108 Item 9B. Other Information 108 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 108 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 109 Item 11. Executive Compensation 109 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 109 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 109 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 109 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 109 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 111 Signatures 112 2 STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements. These statements might be identified by words, and variations of words, such as “will,” “expect,” “may,” “would,” “could,” “plan,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “potential,” “position,” “forecast,” “target,” “guidance,” “outlook,” and similar expressions. These statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about our business; financial performance, financial condition, and results of operations, including revenue, revenue growth, profit, taxes, earnings per share, and cash flows; the impacts of macroeconomic and market conditions and volatility on our business operations, financial results, and financial position and on supply chains and the world economy; our cost structure; our funding and liquidity; the impacts on our business of manufacturing, sourcing, and supply chain management; the Russia and Ukraine conflict; our operations as a company; and risks related to foreign currency exchange, interest rates, and commodity price volatility. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in our statements include, but are not limited to, operating in highly competitive markets; global geopolitical and economic instability, including as a result of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia, tensions in the Middle East, and changes in trade and tariff policy; public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, and their effects on our business; changes in and government reimbursement processes, rates, and contractual relationships, including related to government shutdowns, and changes in the mix of public and private payers; demand for our products, services, or solutions and factors that affect that demand; the delayed China stimulus and the ongoing campaign; our ability to control increases in healthcare costs and any subsequent effect on demand for our products, services, or solutions; our ability to successfully complete strategic transactions; the impacts related to our increasing focus on and investment in cloud, edge computing, artificial intelligence (“AI”), and software offerings; management of our supply chain and our ability to secure the materials we need to operate our business; disruptions in our operations; the actions or inactions of third parties with whom we partner and the various collaboration, licensing, and other partnerships and alliances we have with third parties; the impact of potential information technology (“IT”), cybersecurity, or data security breaches; maintenance and protection of our intellectual property rights, as well as maintenance of successful research and development efforts with respect to commercially successful products and technologies; our ability to attract and/or retain key personnel and qualified employees; environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters; compliance with the various legal, regulatory, tax, privacy, and other laws to which we are subject, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar and laws globally, and related changes, claims, inquiries, investigations, or actions; the impact of potential product liability claims; our level of indebtedness, as well as our general ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments, and any related effect on our business; and our ability to operate effectively as an independent, publicly traded company. Please also see Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and any updates or amendments we make in future filings. There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any statements we make. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise our statements except as required by applicable law or regulation. 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (“GE HealthCare,” the “Company,” “our,” or “we”) is a trusted partner and leading global healthcare solutions provider, innovating medical technology, pharmaceutical diagnostics, and integrated, solutions, services, and data analytics. We have approximately 53,000 colleagues dedicated to our mission to create a world where healthcare has no limits. We operate at the center of the healthcare ecosystem, enabling precision care by increasing health system capacity, enhancing productivity, digitizing healthcare delivery, and improving clinical outcomes while serving patients’ demand for greater efficiency, access, and personalized medicine. Our products, services, and solutions are designed to enable clinicians to make more informed decisions quickly and efficiently, improving patient care from screening and diagnosis to therapy and monitoring. We have more than 125 years of experience and one of the strongest reputations in the global healthcare industry, built from our demonstrated record of delivering innovation. This is complemented by our broad service capabilities and dedication to quality and integrity with a strong operational culture, deeply embedded in lean continuous improvement. Precision care is expected to drive continued demand and the need for novel technologies and future innovation, as healthcare providers and researchers seek new solutions and tools for managing various disease states. The pursuit of precision care opportunities significantly expands our addressable markets to include integrated diagnostics, AI and machine clinical decision support, highly personalized therapies enabled by more precise diagnostics, and remote patient monitoring. The scale and breadth of our portfolio, combined with our innovation capabilities, position us to be a leading enabler of precision care. We generate revenue from the sale of medical devices, consumable products, service capabilities, and digital solutions. We serve customers in over 160 countries with a global team of approximately 9,800 sales professionals and 8,300 field service engineers. Our customers are healthcare providers and researchers, including public, private, and academic institutions. We are organized into four business segments that are aligned with the industries we serve: Imaging, Advanced Visualization Solutions (“AVS”), Patient Care Solutions (“PCS”), and Pharmaceutical Diagnostics (“PDx”). Our portfolio of solutions addresses the biggest challenges facing healthcare providers and patients today, and helps drive better patient outcomes and improved productivity for customers. These qualities foster trust, loyalty, and partnership with our global customer base. Our revenues and operating profits vary from quarter to quarter. Financial results in the fourth quarter have historically been higher than in other quarters due to the spending patterns of our customers. GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. is a Delaware corporation with corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. On January 3, 2023, the General Electric Company, which now operates as GE Aerospace (“GE”), completed the of GE HealthCare (the “ ”). Refer to Note 1, “Organization and Basis of Presentation” for further information regarding the . OUR SEGMENTS We develop, manufacture, and market a broad portfolio of products, services, and complementary digital solutions used in the diagnosis, treatment, and monitoring of patients. We have a large, global installed base of medical imaging, ultrasound, and patient monitoring systems. Effective July 1, 2024, Image Guided Therapies (“IGT”), previously part of the Imaging segment, was realigned to the Ultrasound segment to better match its clinical usage and realize stronger business and customer impact by providing the right image guidance in the right care setting. The Ultrasound segment was subsequently renamed Advanced Visualization Solutions. Following this realignment, the Company continues to have four reportable segments: Imaging, AVS, PCS, and PDx, as described below. IMAGING. GE HealthCare is a global leader in medical imaging with a comprehensive portfolio of scanning devices, clinical applications, service capabilities, and digital solutions. Our Imaging portfolio spans the care continuum and provides critical tools for clinicians, from initial screening and diagnosis, through therapeutic and monitoring of patient progression. Our products support providers in the delivery of care for a broad spectrum of clinical specialties, including oncology, cardiology, neurology, nuclear medicine, orthopedics, women’s health, pediatrics, and surgery. Our Imaging portfolio includes five product lines and associated service capabilities: Molecular Imaging (“MI”), Computed Tomography (“CT”), Magnetic Resonance (“MR”), Women’s Health, and X-ray. We manage our Molecular Imaging and Computed Tomography product lines together (“MI/CT”) and our Women’s Health and X-ray product lines together (“WH/XR”). • Molecular imaging enables the visualization, characterization, and quantification of functional processes taking place at the cellular and subcellular levels within patients. The images produced by MI systems allow clinicians to study the cellular and molecular pathways and mechanisms of disease in patients. We offer a complete MI solution from cyclotrons, chemistry synthesis, positron emission tomography (“PET”), computed tomography (“PET/CT”), PET/MR, and nuclear medicine to advanced digital and solutions. Our Molecular Imaging team works closely with the PDx segment and their innovations and collaborations with pharmaceutical companies. 4 • Computed tomography scans render 3D anatomical images of structures, such as bone, soft tissue, and air cavities using an X-ray tube that rotates around a patient. The images are used in a wide variety of applications, including the detection of tumors or lesions, blocked blood vessels in the brain, abnormal heart conditions, complex bone fractures, and internal injuries from trauma. Our comprehensive Computed Tomography portfolio includes and specialty scanners. • Magnetic resonance is a imaging technology that produces detailed anatomical images of almost every internal structure in the human body, such as the brain, spinal cord, heart, breast, kidneys, muscles, ligaments, and tendons. MR can also be used for functional imaging, and it is for disease detection, diagnosis, and treatment monitoring of a variety of conditions, including stroke, cancer, trauma, aneurysm, multiple sclerosis, cardiomyopathy, and congenital disorders. Our Magnetic Resonance portfolio includes scanners for a range of clinical capabilities through different bore sizes, magnetic field strengths, and scalable platforms. • Women’s Health products use X-ray technology to help clinicians screen for and diagnose breast cancer as well as bone and metabolic diseases in women. The product portfolio includes imaging and biopsy positioning systems designed to image the breast and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scanners designed to image bones with low mineral density. • X-ray systems are used by clinicians to perform diagnostic imaging examinations of anatomical structures in the body, such as bones, lungs, and the gastrointestinal tract. Our X-ray product portfolio includes systems for three distinct clinical situations: fixed room radiography products installed in hospitals and imaging centers; mobile radiography products used for bedside or other imaging needs; and fluoroscopy products installed in hospitals for dynamic or “moving” X-ray imaging in applications like gastrointestinal examinations. We also offer a suite of software and applications that help clinicians improve productivity, address staff shortages, and deliver better patient outcomes. These software solutions and applications are upgradable through the lifecycle of the equipment and are especially beneficial for , networks that have complex operations. We also offer Picture Archiving and Communication Systems (“PACS”) and Radiological Information Systems to manage the storage and reporting of radiology images. In addition to our core products, digital solutions, and service offerings, we provide complementary enterprise solutions, such as education and training and data integration services. Our broad enterprise solutions used along the imaging continuum enable us to drive connectivity across healthcare systems and throughout the product lifecycle. ADVANCED VISUALIZATION SOLUTIONS. GE HealthCare is a global leader in ultrasound, image guided therapies, and interventional solutions with a broad portfolio that spans the continuum of care, including screening, diagnosis, treatment, and monitoring of certain diseases. Our AVS business is focused on designing solutions that are aligned by specialties or care areas for specific clinical workflows to better serve the unique needs of our customers and improve patient outcomes. We continue to deliver innovative solutions to support interventional procedures, all with digital and solutions that help clinicians increase diagnostic confidence, while simplifying clinical and operational workflows. The AVS segment has a portfolio that serves customers across two core areas: Specialized Ultrasound and Procedural Guidance. Specialized Ultrasound includes Comprehensive Care Ultrasound, and Women’s Health Ultrasound. Procedural Guidance includes CardioVascular and Interventional Solutions, and Surgical Innovations. • Comprehensive Care Ultrasound includes systems that produce images to support precise screening, diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment across the whole body, including liver, thyroid, kidney, breast, vascular, and transcranial applications. These systems include point of care and handheld ultrasound devices to support clinical throughout various care pathways in diverse sites of care. Our systems combine high image quality with comprehensive clinical tools including measurement quantification, workflow automation, networking, and scan guidance, and technologies with versatility, accessibility, and portability required to deliver care. • Women’s Health Ultrasound provides systems to support obstetrics, gynecology, and assisted reproductive medicine. These care areas require specially designed ultrasound products that account for patient comfort and workflow constraints to enable practitioners to provide screening, exams, and procedural care, and give clinicians images with the clarity and definition they need to focus on early detection and intervention. • CardioVascular and Interventional Solutions provides clinicians with tools to diagnose, treat, and monitor cardiovascular conditions with precision and confidence as well as technologies to help assist clinicians and surgeons during open surgeries and minimally invasive and interventional procedures. This includes ultrasound systems used to assess the structure and function of the heart, as well as advanced X-ray imaging that integrates with ultrasound and other imaging and diagnostic systems. These technologies support planning, guiding, and assessing a variety of surgical procedures like cardiac interventions and those that involve insertion of devices like deep brain stimulators, spinal implants, and other neurological devices. 5 • Surgical Innovations products are used in the operating environment and include a broad portfolio of advanced mobile surgical C-arms that meet clinical needs for surgical imaging and are designed to be easily maneuverable in crowded operating rooms and adaptable for various surgical procedures. Surgical visualization and guidance technology expands the use of ultrasound beyond diagnostics to provide information during surgical procedures to help guide interventions and navigate inside the human body. Each clinical area is supported with our digital and ultrasound solutions that are designed to deliver optimal, simplified, and scalable clinical and operational workflows. They are designed to increase efficiencies that support care for more patients by: providing ultrasound to help clinicians of all experience levels acquire quality diagnostic images; eliminating keystrokes to shorten exam time; and providing clinical decision support tools. Clinicians are further supported by our broad probe portfolio which includes specialized probes for interventional procedures. Our equipment, digital, and AI solutions are complemented by service offerings that are highly regionalized according to local requirements, varying customer needs, and service strategies. PATIENT CARE SOLUTIONS. GE HealthCare’s PCS segment is a leading global provider of medical devices, proprietary parameters and consumables, services, and digital solutions that acquire and transform complex clinical data into visualization and clinical decision support to ease the way to more confident patient care and improve patient outcomes. These solutions form a broad and integrated portfolio that support patient care needs and care teams within and beyond most acute healthcare environments. Our PCS portfolio serves care teams and healthcare systems across multiple patient care needs including Monitoring Solutions and Life Support Solutions. Monitoring Solutions includes Patient Monitoring, Diagnostic Cardiology, Consumables and Services portfolio, and Digital Solutions. Life Support Solutions includes Maternal Infant Care and Anesthesia. • Our flexible Patient Monitoring solutions enable clinicians to flex care based on a patient’s acuity and across the care continuum. Our portfolio ranges from to continuous patient monitoring, including comprehensive monitors; central stations; continuous, wearable, and mobile monitors; transport monitors; cardiac telemetry solutions; monitors; and visualization, alarm distribution, and care team collaboration solutions. Our Patient Monitoring business includes proprietary parameters and complementary consumables as well as original equipment manufacturers’ parameters that are integrated into our monitoring fleet, of which a significant portion represents recurring revenue streams. • In Diagnostic Cardiology, we offer electrocardiogram (“ECG” or “EKG”) solutions, that are usually the first diagnostic tool to detect cardiovascular disease, a leading cause of death globally. We provide resting ECG devices, stress ECG devices, and ECG management digital solutions, including interpretation algorithms. Our ECG ecosystem obtains, interprets, and stores ECGs captured from devices in both hospital and home settings, supporting patients and clinicians along the continuum of cardiology care. • Our Consumables and Services portfolio consists of approximately 1,000 consumables that are used throughout the hospital primarily with our monitors and therapy devices, such as blood pressure, ECG, pulse oximetry, temperature, respiratory rate, blood oxygen level, and brain activity. Our service offerings are flexible and can range from preventative maintenance to comprehensive, onsite biomedical service engineering contracts. Both our consumables and services provide our customers with ongoing clinical impact and protect their capital investment while providing us with recurring revenue streams. • The Patient Care Solutions portfolio also includes digital solutions that provide clinical decision support in acute and other care settings, simplifying clinical and operational workflows to drive efficiencies and helping improve delivery of precision medicine and patient outcomes. These solutions aggregate and integrate clinical data from various devices across care settings in real time and simplify visualization to guide clinical and operational decisions, enabling more efficient care team collaboration, virtually. These solutions are interoperable and to integrate with customer environments in a setting and provide a recurring revenue stream. • Our Maternal Infant Care products are used in the labor and delivery department to monitor important maternal and fetal parameters, and in neonatal intensive care to assist in critical care for newborns. Our product portfolio includes neonatal incubators, infant warmers, resuscitation devices, phototherapy equipment, maternal and fetal monitors, and digital offerings, such as maternal and fetal heart rate surveillance software. Our products have added innovation in design, including integrated scales, alarm silencing, angled radiant heating, and thermoregulation. • Anesthesia products offer life support solutions via ventilation technology and are used by anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists to ventilate and deliver general anesthetic drugs to patients during surgeries. Our products are installed in many operating rooms, room anesthesia environments, and ambulatory surgical centers across the world. Our broad portfolio of connected devices and digital solutions is complemented by a comprehensive suite of service offerings, including parts, labor, and training, as well as emerging data, analytics, and networking solutions enabled by AI to aid our customers in improving uptime and efficiency of their medical technology fleets. 6 PHARMACEUTICAL DIAGNOSTICS. GE HealthCare is a leading supplier of contrast and radiopharmaceutical imaging agents to the global radiology and nuclear medicine industries. These agents help clinicians assess patients to enable more precise diagnoses, monitor disease progression, and enable better therapy selection. We distribute products globally that help meet patient and procedural needs across a multitude of modalities. PDx’s diagnostic agents are complementary to the imaging and ultrasound devices we offer, including CT, angiography and X-ray, MR, emission computed tomography (“SPECT”) and PET, and are also compatible with systems from other equipment vendors. PDx operates within a strictly regulated industry with unique operational needs. Diagnostic agents require a sophisticated supply chain for manufacturing, supported by a global infrastructure of commercial, marketing, medical affairs, market access, application, regulatory, and pharmacovigilance teams that help monitor products. Customers require timely and reliable supply of diagnostic agents as shortages or delays can be highly disruptive to workflows and even cause exam cancellations. Our PDx business develops and produces two types of imaging agents: contrast media and radiopharmaceuticals. • Contrast media are pharmaceuticals that are administered to a patient prior to certain diagnostic scans in order to increase the visibility of tissues or structures during imaging exams. Contrast media increases the diagnostic value of imaging and can be critical in the visualization of small or nuanced areas of diagnostic interest, such as cancer lesions or vascular structures, and to plan medical interventions, such as angioplasties, biopsies, or radiation therapy. We offer contrast media to three imaging modality groups: (1) CT, angiography, and X-ray, (2) MR, and (3) Ultrasound. Our business also includes contrast injection devices that are automated devices used to monitor and control the injection of contrast into patients, providing valuable productivity benefits in the imaging suite. We offer contrast injectors through collaborations with original equipment manufacturers. • Radiopharmaceuticals, or molecular imaging agents, are molecular tracers labeled with radioisotopes that are injected into a patient prior to a diagnostic imaging scan. These agents work by accumulating in an area of diagnostic interest, such as a tumor, and emitting energy that is detected by a SPECT or PET scanner. Because they have specific molecular targets, they allow visualization and assessment of cell function, providing a more detailed dimension of biological activity. Our radiopharmaceuticals support diagnosis and therapy selection in various care areas, such as neurology, cardiology, and oncology, and are also used by pharmaceutical companies and researchers in selecting target populations for clinical trials. Our unique combination of imaging equipment and pharmaceutical diagnostics enables building capabilities across disease states through diagnostic pharmaceuticals, hardware, software, and AI and digital solutions. Our strong portfolio of diagnostic agents and advanced global supply chain, combined with our imaging, cyclotron, and advanced visualization software, positions us to grow in existing markets as well as emerging adjacencies. ACQUISITIONS Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that expand or complement our existing business. Refer to Note 8, “Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets” for further information. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES Our research and development (“R&D”) efforts focus on scientific discovery and research into promising technologies that lead to potential healthcare applications, creating new products, services and solutions, discovery of novel clinical applications for products and solutions, and enhancing our existing products to help improve outcomes for customers and their patients. We deliver value through innovative medical technology solutions across the patient care continuum (including screening, diagnosis, and therapy, monitoring) by leveraging hardware, software, AI, and digital technologies. We engage in and sponsor clinical research and product development through collaborations with universities, medical centers, and other organizations. We occasionally enter into agreements with third parties related to collaboration on R&D activities associated with the development of new or innovative products. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We have a substantial portfolio of intellectual property (“IP”). We rely on a combination of patent, design, utility model, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and regulatory exclusivity period protections, as well as confidentiality agreements to protect our IP. Our IP team collaborates with our R&D and product teams to develop IP strategies and secure IP rights as appropriate. We generally file patent applications in the United States and other countries that have strong technology patent protections. We also license from third parties a variety of IP that complements our internal R&D efforts and our product offerings. While, in aggregate, our patents and other IP are vital to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole; rather, we believe understanding our customers’ needs, technology expertise, and manufacturing are critical for our business. 7 We rely on confidentiality agreements with colleagues, contractors, consultants, and third parties to help protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, and other confidential information. We also monitor development and commercialization activities of third parties so our IP rights are not infringed upon. In addition, we make infrastructure investments to secure our IP assets and conduct audits to assess the effectiveness of our IP protection program. We believe that invention leads to value for our customers and stakeholders, and that a culture of innovation across GE HealthCare is a core element of our success. As part of the from GE, we secured IP specific to our business and GE granted us a license to use other IP required for our business. We also entered into a trademark license agreement with GE that enables GE HealthCare to continue building upon our brand. COMPETITORS The global medical technology industry is highly competitive and includes global and regional participants of all sizes that can vary by product line. Because of the diversity of our products and offerings, we face a wide variety of competitors, including a broad range of manufacturers, distributors, and service providers. In the industries we serve, we believe our primary global competitors include Siemens Healthineers, Philips Healthcare, Canon, Mindray, and United Imaging, among others. In our PDx business segment, we primarily compete with Bayer, Bracco, Guerbet, and Curium. We also both compete and partner with various digital health and healthcare AI participants. While key competitive factors and trends vary among our segments, these typically include value, quality and performance, safety, delivery speed, service and support, technology and innovation, software offering, and brand reputation. For further discussion of risks related to competition, please refer to Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” HUMAN CAPITAL We are a global workforce of approximately 53,000 colleagues with an average tenure that reflects a strong, engaged culture. Our colleagues are committed to serving our customers and enabling them to provide high quality patient care. Our Cultural Operating Principles emphasize safety for patients, customers, and colleagues; servant leadership with unyielding integrity; and fostering a sense of belonging for every one of our colleagues to fulfill our mission of delivering precision care innovation. We monitor our human capital priorities throughout the year, including as a part of our monthly business operating reviews. Our senior leadership is a diverse and global team of industry veterans with the skills and expertise required to lead a large, global, publicly listed medical technology, pharmaceutical diagnostics, and digital solutions company. We embrace a workplace where every voice makes a difference and helps build a healthier world. Below are our human capital priorities: • Protect the health and safety of our workforce : Safety is integrated into everything we do, from manufacturing to installation, operation, and service. We are committed to prioritizing safety over delivery and cost. We maintain rigorous health and safety standard protocols across our businesses that are designed to align with regulatory requirements, industry practices, and company values. Our efforts extend to promoting the mental and emotional health and of our workforce. • Evolve our culture : Our senior management team continues to lead our company through a transformational period, having completed the in January 2023 and now executing on our next phase as a public company. We have aligned the organization around Cultural Operating Principles that represent a shared understanding of how we expect colleagues to work with each other and interact with stakeholders to enable our growth strategy, deliver on our purpose, and create value for our colleagues, customers, patients, stockholders, and communities. Our culture amplifies the value of each person’s unique identity, background, and experiences. We are committed to fostering a culture in which every colleague feels empowered to do their best work because they feel accepted, respected, and a sense of belonging. We have objective measures in place to gauge the progress of our culture. Our Cultural Operating Principles are: • Serve our people, patients, and customers; • Lead with a lean mindset; • Empower entrepreneurial spirit; • Deliver the future of healthcare; and • Winning with an inclusive team. 8 • Attract, develop, and cultivate our talent : GE HealthCare’s approach to talent management is designed to facilitate strong individual and company performance, foster innovation, enhance employee engagement, and drive sustainable organizational growth. This starts with attracting qualified candidates to the organization with a strong company value proposition and competitive total rewards. A key pillar of our talent strategy is having senior talent processes that yield succession readiness, strong leaders, and a more engaged, productive, and retained workforce. Ensuring professional development and continuous learning of our colleagues remains a fundamental priority for the organization as a whole. • Retain, motivate, and reward our talent: GE HealthCare’s approach to total rewards is underpinned by a philosophy designed to provide programs that attract, retain, and motivate our people to fulfill our purpose to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Our philosophy is further supported by four principles that guide the total rewards we provide, which are: • and differentiated by performance; • ; • Competitive, motivating, and fair; and • Simple and transparent. Of our approximately 53,000 colleagues, 17,000 are located in the United States and 7,000 in China, our next largest country. We have approximately 900 manufacturing colleagues in the United States. GE HealthCare’s relationship with organizations outside the United States takes many forms, including in Europe where GE HealthCare engages the representative bodies for colleagues, such as works councils and trade unions, in accordance with local law. We strive to unlock the ambition of all our people so they can innovate, grow, and reach their full potential. Our colleague development strategy allows us to attract and retain innovative leaders, which is instrumental to our success. SUSTAINABILITY GE HealthCare is committed to delivering products and solutions that build a healthier and more sustainable world for current and future generations. We have an ESG program and governance structure that is aligned with our business strategy, the priorities of our stakeholders, our goals and ambitions, and our need to adapt to changes in societal, environmental, and regulatory expectations. The Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees management’s establishment and execution of corporate strategy, along with our ESG program and activities. Our Enterprise Stewardship Program Committee, a committee of our management team, works in partnership with all segments, regions, and functions to support GE HealthCare’s ongoing goals in connection with environmental stewardship, corporate social responsibility, human capital, governance, and sustainability. It proactively identifies, assesses, and responds to risks and opportunities that could impact the company’s business and operations, and implements GE HealthCare’s sustainability strategy, while maintaining transparent and open communication with stakeholders. We have five focus areas that build upon our commitments to innovation, product quality, and integrity. They are: • Expanding access to quality healthcare; • Promoting a culture of belonging for all; • Mitigating our climate impact and improving resiliency; • Advancing the circular economy and environmental design; and • Protecting patient data and cybersecurity More information on our ESG program can be found in our annual Sustainability Report available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). SALES AND DISTRIBUTION MODEL GE HealthCare deploys a global commercial model consisting of approximately 9,800 sales professionals and a network of over 5,000 indirect partners. Our reach into top hospitals and health systems is evidenced by our collaborations with leading institutions around the world. Our commercial model is organized according to the needs of our customers and includes global and regional marketing, regional inside sales teams, sales teams, sales agents, and distributors. Our equipment sales representatives partner closely with their service sales counterparts to position both equipment contracts and maintenance agreements along with system upgrades and software as a service (“SaaS”) agreements. We complement our direct and indirect sales channels with virtual sales teams. Our direct and indirect channel mix helps us expand our market coverage, increase customer satisfaction, and win more business in broad geographies and emerging markets. In developed markets, we supplement our commercial model with strategic account executive and collaboration teams that bring the depth and breadth of our overall portfolio to the senior leadership of our top customers to deliver commercial collaborations, which can be tied to specific outcomes. 9 GLOBAL INTEGRATED SUPPLY CHAIN, SOURCING, AND LOGISTICS Our sourcing, production, and distribution network is managed globally while our products are manufactured at and distributed by facilities serving specific regions. We believe our global scale, complemented by local focus, allows us to provide our customers with improved supply chain security, reduced costs, and compliance with regional or national trade and marketing requirements. We have manufacturing, assembly, and pharmaceutical production in 43 facilities across 17 countries. We use globally managed and coordinated quality assurance programs across our manufacturing and distribution facilities, and we regularly inspect and audit our sites. We hold our suppliers to the same rigorous operating standards. Our supply chain design drives resilience and redundancy, including maintaining buffer capacity, diversifying our sourcing and manufacturing bases, and utilizing advanced analytics. REGULATION REGULATION OF MEDICAL DEVICES AND PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS. The development, manufacturing, marketing, sale, promotion, and distribution of medical devices and pharmaceutical products are subject to stringent government regulation globally. We commit extensive resources to maintain compliance with these regulations. The U.S., European Union (“EU”), and China are our most significant regions based on revenue and the regulatory landscape within these regions. The Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) in the United States, the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) (for pharmaceuticals) and European National Competent Authorities and Notified Bodies (for devices) in Europe, the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) in China and other government agencies, such as state and local authorities, in the United States, Europe, and China, administer strict requirements governing the design, development, testing, performance, safety, quality, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, import/export, sale, servicing, marketing, and surveillance of medical products, including medical devices and pharmaceutical products. In addition, we are subject to applicable national and laws and regulations of other countries. Our ability to market and sell our products globally depends upon our compliance with the laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we develop, manufacture, or distribute our products. This requires, among other things, compliance with laws and regulations related to developing, testing, conducting clinical trials if needed, and receiving appropriate marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities prior to commercialization of our products where necessary. We are also subject to extensive laws and regulations requiring ongoing compliance and monitoring of our products throughout the product lifecycle. For example, we have extensive processes and procedures for monitoring the safety and performance of our products, reporting applicable events to regulators, and taking action to address potential safety or quality concerns where needed. In addition, regulators across the globe have the authority to conduct periodic inspections of our facilities, products, and Quality Management System processes and procedures to evaluate our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Regulators also monitor our advertising and promotion of products for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Complying with requirements imposed on our products and business is an ongoing process as we introduce additional products and/or product modifications and seek to comply with changing legal and regulatory requirements. The time required to obtain authorization to market and sell products varies by country. The ability to comply with global requirements requires extensive and ongoing resources. An enforcement or adverse action by a regulator could limit our ability to obtain regulatory authorizations or impact our ability to develop, market, distribute, or otherwise make our products available, depending on the nature of the action. DATA PRIVACY LAWS. Due to our extensive global footprint and handling of personal data as both a data controller (on our own behalf) and data processor (on behalf of third parties, primarily customers), we are also subject to an extensive collection of global laws and regulations protecting the privacy, security, and integrity of the personal data, sensitive personal data, and patient health information that we create, receive, use, and maintain as a business. Among the most relevant and material to our business, based on the volume and sensitivity of the data at issue, are: the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information and Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively “HIPAA”); the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), similar U.K. legislation resulting from the European Union (Withdrawal) Data Act of 2018 (“U.K. GDPR”), and other EU laws; the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoias (“Brazil LGPD”); the various laws and accompanying regulations in China governing data privacy and cybersecurity (e.g., the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law (“China PIPL”) & Data Security Law (“China DSL”)), the Digital Personal Data Protection Act of India, and significant privacy legislation recently adopted in the Middle East and Africa Personal Data Protection Law (“PDPL”) Royal Decree No. M/19 on September 16, 2021. In addition, there are also various U.S. laws (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act), country regional laws, and proposed legislation that we monitor for applicability and impact to our business. These laws present a continuing challenge to businesses to structure their data collection, storage, use, and transmission in a compliant manner. 10 Many of these laws impose a significant compliance burden on organizations within their scope, and failure to comply can result in a variety of sanctions, including, with respect to GDPR, administrative fines for the most serious compliance failures up to 4% of a company’s global total annual revenue of the preceding fiscal year. While there have been some recent enforcement actions by EU data protection authorities resulting in substantial fines pursuant to GDPR, there remains uncertainty as to how data protection authorities throughout the rest of the globe will choose to interpret and enforce violations of applicable privacy laws and regulations (e.g., Brazil LGPD, China PIPL). Furthermore, these laws and regulations are continuously evolving, and further clarification in the form of implementing rules, guidelines, and related guidance from the data protection authorities is necessary to understand the full picture of the compliance obligations imposed on businesses within their scope. Additionally, in recent years, the EU has introduced upcoming legislation that would regulate the use and transfer of , technical data only. GLOBAL HEALTHCARE COMPLIANCE. The marketing, promotion, and sale of medical devices, drugs, and services are regulated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and comparable U.S. state and .S. governments and agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of the delivery of healthcare items and services, representing government’s interest in regulating the quality and cost of healthcare. Industry trade associations (such as Advanced Medical Technology Association (“AdvaMed”) and MedTech) increasingly provide guidance on applicable laws and regulations. U.S. federal healthcare laws apply when we or our customers submit claims for items or services that are reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally funded healthcare programs, including laws related to kickbacks, false claims, , and healthcare fraud and abuse. Similar state false claims, , , and insurance laws also apply to Medicaid and other healthcare programs and private payers. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us or our officers and colleagues to criminal and civil financial penalties and expose us to civil liability and risk of further enforcement action under the U.S. Statute (“AKS”), the False Claims Act (“FCA”), or other healthcare fraud and abuse laws. In addition, as a manufacturer of U.S. and -approved devices and drugs reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, we are subject to the U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act (the “Sunshine Act”), which requires us to annually track and report to the federal government certain payments and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians and other healthcare professionals or U.S. teaching hospitals. Similar laws exist in some U.S. states as well. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar and laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from making improper payments to or otherwise engaging in bribery of government officials. These laws apply to many of our customer interactions, as healthcare professionals in other countries are often considered government officials, and in some cases lay out requirements of how to operationalize compliance with the legal requirements. Countries outside the United States have enacted similar local laws requiring medical device companies to report transfers of value to healthcare providers licensed in those countries. Failure to comply with these laws may expose us to criminal and civil enforcement actions, monetary fines and penalties, and reputational harm. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table presents the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. Name Age Position Peter J. Arduini 60 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director James K. Saccaro 52 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adam Y. Holton 54 Chief People Officer Frank R. Jimenez 60 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Taha 53 Chief Science and Technology Officer Kevin M. O’Neill 56 President and CEO, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics Philip Rackliffe 51 President and CEO, Advanced Visualization Solutions Roland Rott 53 President and CEO, Imaging Kenneth Stacherski 54 Chief Global Supply Chain and Service Officer Thomas J. Westrick 56 President and CEO, Patient Care Solutions The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our executive officers. Peter J. Arduini . Mr. Arduini was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer in connection with our from GE. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE’s healthcare business from January 2022 until the . Previously, Mr. Arduini was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Integra LifeSciences (“Integra”), a global medical technologies and solutions company, from January 2012 to December 2021. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, the Integra portfolio evolved significantly to a faster growing and more profitable company through multiple acquisitions and a sustainable research and development pipeline. 11 Prior to Integra, Mr. Arduini worked at Baxter Healthcare as President of its Medication Delivery division. Before Baxter Healthcare, he spent 15 years at GE’s healthcare business in a variety of leadership roles in the United States and globally, including leading the Computed Tomography and Molecular Imaging business, Healthcare Services, and U.S. sales. Mr. Arduini serves on the boards of the Squibb Company (NYSE: BMY), where he serves as chair of the compensation and management development committee; AdvaMed, where he serves as Chairman of the Board; and the National Italian American Foundation. James K. Saccaro . Mr. Saccaro has served as our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2023. Previously, Mr. Saccaro served as the Chief Financial Officer of Baxter International Inc. (NYSE: BAX) (“Baxter”), a multinational healthcare company, starting in 2015. He held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility at Baxter from 2002 through 2013, including Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis; Vice President of Finance for Baxter’s operations in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; Vice President of Strategy; and Corporate Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Saccaro served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Holdings, Inc. from 2013 to 2014 prior to rejoining Baxter as Special Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer in 2014. Prior to Baxter, he held strategy and business development positions at Clear Channel Communications and The Walt Disney Company. Adam Y. Holton . Mr. Holton has served as our Chief People Officer since June 2024. Previously, Mr. Holton served as Chief People Officer of Amedisys, a home health company, from October 2022 to June 2024. Prior to that role, he served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Numotion, a provider of rehab technology from February 2019 to October 2022. Mr. Holton also previously worked as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at USAA, a financial services company and as Chief Human Resources Officer at CHS Inc., a agricultural cooperative. Earlier in his career, Mr. Holton worked at GE, including GE’s healthcare business. He has served on the Board of Sierra Delta since February 2018 and served as Board Chair from November 2018 until November 2023. Frank R. Jimenez . Mr. Jimenez has served as our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since our from GE. He served as the General Counsel of GE’s healthcare business from February 2022 until the . Previously, Mr. Jimenez served as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Raytheon Company, a defense contractor, from January 2015 to April 2020 and, following Raytheon’s merger with United Technologies Corporation, as Executive Vice President and General Counsel (April 2020 to December 2021) and Special Advisor to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (December 2021 to February 2022) of Raytheon Technologies Corporation, an aerospace and defense company. In prior public company positions, Mr. Jimenez served as General Counsel of Bunge Limited, ITT Corporation, and ITT Xylem Inc. In prior public service positions, Mr. Jimenez served as General Counsel of the Navy, Deputy General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense, Principal Deputy General Counsel of the Navy, Chief of Staff at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Deputy Chief of Staff and Acting General Counsel for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. He was previously a litigation partner at Steel Hector & Davis LLP (now Squire Patton Boggs LLP). Mr. Jimenez serves on the boards of Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII), where he serves on the compensation committee and the governance and policy committee; the Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago and Medical Center; and Equal Justice Works, where he serves as Chairman. He also serves on the advisory boards of the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health and the Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law, as well as on the University of Miami President’s Council. Taha . Dr. Taha , MD, MS, has served as GE HealthCare’s Global Chief Science and Technology Officer since January 2023. Merging his background in interventional cardiology with AI and machine learning, he is driving advancements in medical imaging, diagnostics, and health system operational efficiency. Prior to his role at GE HealthCare, Dr. served as Vice President of Machine Learning, Distinguished Engineer, and Chief Medical Officer at Amazon from May 2017 to January 2023, where he led the company’s health AI strategy, technologies and solutions, including Amazon Comprehend Medical, AWS HealthLake, and Amazon Pharmacy. He also played a critical role in establishing Amazon’s diagnostics lab, including Amazon’s first U.S. FDA authorization for testing its associates globally—later offered to the public for testing. From 2013 to 2016, Dr. was the first Chief Health Informatics Officer at the FDA, where he championed data transparency through initiatives including openFDA and precisionFDA. Dr. is also the current Chair of the AdvaMed Digital Health Tech Division Board of Directors. Kevin M. O’Neill . Mr. O’Neill has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics since the . He served as Chief Executive Officer, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics of GE’s healthcare business from July 2017 until the and served as President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Ireland and U.K., from January 2018 until the . Prior to that, he was the Chief Financial Officer of the Life Sciences division of GE’s healthcare business starting in August 2013. Mr. O’Neill has over 20 years of experience with GE, beginning in the Energy services business in the U.K. and U.S. followed by a series of chief financial officer roles in GE’s healthcare business, including in the Life Sciences business, supply chain, Western Europe, and the PDx business. Prior to joining GE, Mr. O’Neill was Financial Controller for Eurostar, the European train operator. Philip Rackliffe . Mr. Rackliffe has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Advanced Visualization Solutions since July 2024. Previously, Mr. Rackliffe served as President and Chief Executive Officer of our IGT business from August 2022 to June 2024. From October 2019 to August 2022, Mr. Rackliffe served as the Chief Executive Officer of Centerline Biomedical, a biomedical device and imaging company. He has over 25 years of global experience in medtech, medical device, imaging and pharmaceutical companies, both public and private, including Baxter, Boston Scientific, and Pfizer. 12 Roland Rott . Mr. Rott has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Imaging since July 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Rott served as our Chief Executive Officer, Ultrasound from the to June 2024. He served as Chief Executive Officer, Ultrasound of GE’s healthcare business from April 2021 until the . Mr. Rott joined GE’s healthcare business in 2011 and has held several leadership roles including in the global Women’s Health Ultrasound and Ultrasound IT segments as well as Maternal Infant Care. Before joining GE, Mr. Rott was Managing Director, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa and Asia Pacific, and Executive Board Member of Exact Holding. In his early career, he had an entrepreneurial start, founding and successfully exiting two software companies in Austria. Kenneth Stacherski . Mr. Stacherski has served as the Chief Global Supply Chain and Service Officer of GE HealthCare since the . He served as the Chief Global Supply Chain and Service Officer of GE’s healthcare business from October 2022 until the . Previously, from July 2021 to October 2022 he served as the Chief Operations Officer of Array Technologies, a solar tracking company, where he led the company’s global integrated supply chain strategy. Before joining Array Technologies, Mr. Stacherski served for over ten years in various leadership roles with Honeywell, a diversified technology and manufacturing company, including Vice President of Integrated Supply Chain from October 2019 to June 2021; Vice President of Enterprise Digital Transformation from November 2018 to October 2019; Vice President of Portfolio Transformation from October 2017 to October 2018; Vice President and General Manager of Honeywell UOP from April 2016 to October 2017; Vice President of Procurement, Logistics, and Trade Compliance from May 2013 to April 2016; and Global Director of Integrated Supply Chain from June 2011 to May 2013. Prior to Honeywell, he acted as President and Chief Operating Officer of Composite Technologies Corporation and spent 13 years at Ford Motor Company. Thomas J. Westrick . Mr. Westrick has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Patient Care Solutions since the . He served as Chief Executive Officer, Patient Care Solutions of GE’s healthcare business from September 2020 until the . Previously, he led the Global Quality, Medical, Regulatory Affairs and Global Research organization for GE’s healthcare business from January 2016 to September 2020. Mr. Westrick joined GE’s healthcare business in 2003 as Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. He was also named Chief Risk Officer in 2010 and was responsible for leading a comprehensive enterprise risk management program. Prior to joining GE’s healthcare business, Mr. Westrick spent 13 years in public accounting with Arthur Andersen LLP and Deloitte & Touche LLP in the audit and consulting practice serving a variety of complex global companies. ETHICS AND GOVERNANCE We have adopted The Spirit & The Letter (GE HealthCare’s code of conduct), which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our website, gehealthcare.com, and will be provided free of charge to any stockholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60661. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our website. In addition, we have adopted Governance Principles and charters for each of the three standing committees of our Board. All of these materials are available on our web site, gehealthcare.com, and will be provided free of charge to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60661. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT GE HEALTHCARE GE HealthCare’s Internet address is gehealthcare.com, and our Investor Relations website is investor.gehealthcare.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available, without charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at sec.gov. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS. An investment in our company is subject to a number of risks. These risks relate to our business; competition; the healthcare industry; data privacy and cybersecurity; laws surrounding quality, regulation, and compliance; geopolitical megatrends; financing and capital markets activities; and our common stock. Any of these risks and other risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the more significant challenges and risks we face include the following: • We operate in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future, and our industry may be disrupted, requiring us to lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share, and our inability to successfully complete strategic transactions could adversely affect our business. 13 • Global geopolitical instability, such as continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in regional economies and global economic instability, such as public health crises, have and could in the future adversely affect our business, customers, and suppliers. • Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements or increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers, which may affect the price of and demand for our products, services, or solutions. • Our increasing focus on and investment in cloud, edge computing, AI, and software offerings present risks to our business. We may not be successful in driving the global deployment and customer adoption of digital offerings characterized by digital applications and solutions. • Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials, as well as any interruption in the operations of our facilities, our suppliers’, customers’, or providers’ facilities, has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, impair our ability to deliver products or provide services or significantly increase our costs. • If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which could adversely affect our business. • Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyber crimes pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services, and data, as well as our reputation, and we may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights, which could adversely affect our business. • If we are unable to attract or retain key personnel and qualified employees or maintain relations with our employees or other employee representatives, it could adversely affect our business. • Increasing attention to ESG matters, including environmental, health, and safety (“EH&S”) matters, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. • Our research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which could adversely affect our business. • If our from GE is determined to be a taxable transaction, it could result in significant tax liability to GE and its stockholders and we could have an indemnification obligation to GE, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. • Our business operations are tightly regulated by the U.S. FDA and equivalent global agencies and are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), similar and laws, and false claims laws, antitrust and competition laws, and stringent privacy laws and information securities regulations, and applicable tax laws and any changes thereto or violations thereof could have a material adverse effect on our business. • We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements in many jurisdictions, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect our business. • In addition to potential litigation, arbitration, and governmental proceedings, we are exposed to risks associated with product liability claims that have been and may be brought against us or as a result of the actions or inactions of our customers or third parties that are outside of our control. • Developments following regulatory authorization, including results in device or pharmaceutical Phase 4 trials or other studies, could adversely affect sales or decrease demand for our medical devices or pharmaceutical products. • Our certificate of incorporation provides that certain courts in the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. • Complying with our requirements under our debt instruments could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. • We have significant postretirement benefit liabilities, including pension, healthcare, and life insurance benefits obligations, and the actual costs and related cash flows of these obligations are uncertain and could exceed current estimates. 14 • Changes in foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices, and interest rates, and unfavorable changes in economic conditions or uncertainties that effect the capital markets could adversely affect our financial performance. • Future material impairments in the value of our assets, including goodwill, could adversely affect our business. • Certain of our directors and employees may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their financial interests in GE or because of their previous or continuing positions with GE. • Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and Delaware law may discourage takeovers. • We or GE may fail to perform under various transaction agreements executed as part of the . You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating GE HealthCare and GE HealthCare’s common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect GE HealthCare’s business, financial condition, or results of operations. INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS. We operate in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future, and our industry may be disrupted, requiring us to lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share. Healthcare markets are characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent introduction of new products, intense competition, and pricing pressures. We face substantial competition from international and domestic companies of all sizes; these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost effectiveness, price, service, product performance, and technological innovation. Our ability to compete successfully may be adversely affected by factors such as: • the introduction of new or more affordable products or product enhancements by competitors, including products that could substitute for our products or reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection; • the development of new technology, the application of known or unknown technology, advances in medicine, or new developments in the treatment or diagnosis of disease that transform our industry or render a product line obsolete; • competitors responding more quickly or effectively to new technology, or changes in customer requirements and industry trends; • a failure to satisfy local market conditions and regulations, such as mandatory IP transfers, protectionist measures, and other government policies supporting increased local competition; • the application of new or innovative business models to our industry; • the emergence of new market entrants, including those with innovative technology or substantial financial resources, such as startups or established technology companies; • a failure to maintain or expand relationships with existing customers or attract new customers; • cost of production or delivery, whether due to geographic location, currency fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, duties, or otherwise, which may enable our competitors to offer greater discounts or lower prices; • the perception of our brand and image in the market; • the strengthening of independent service organizations (“ISOs”) ( entities that specialize in the repair and maintenance of medical devices produced by original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), including us) and companies specializing in one or more of our operating segments or offerings; • a failure to successfully enter new geographic or adjacent product markets; • a failure to acquire or effectively integrate businesses and technologies that complement or expand our existing businesses; • changing regulatory standards, legal requirements, or enforcement rigor; or • consolidation among customers, suppliers, channel partners, or competitors. 15 The implementation of localization requirements and other government policies in certain geographies, driven by support of local industry, security of supply, and incentives for technological breakthroughs, could negatively affect our market share, business results, cash flows, and financial condition. For example, policies in countries such as China and Russia that require the purchase of locally manufactured products or that are favorable to manufacturers, and our ability or decision to meet the requirements of such policies, may affect customer purchasing decisions and may have an adverse effect on our business, operations, or financial results. Our service organization allows us to deliver service offerings through an extensive network of field service engineers, global repair centers, and customer service centers. Increased competition from ISOs and evolving regulatory and legislative policies could adversely impact our business and results of operations. In the United States and Europe, ISOs continue to seek access to OEM service tools, parts, documents, software updates, and training. Specifically, in 2021, the Librarian of Congress in the United States authorized a copyright act exemption that allows unregulated repair companies to circumvent OEM copyright protections on software in its medical imaging device or system if circumvention is necessary to diagnose, maintain, or repair such device or system. Furthermore, regulatory and legislative changes, such as the adoption of laws in the United States and elsewhere, could further strengthen the ability of ISOs to obtain valuable service contracts and directly compete with us in the services area. In addition to affecting our services business, the activities of ISOs could expose us to a number of other risks related to safety, quality, security, or performance of our products. This could increase compliance costs, require changes to our business practices, or otherwise impact our ability to compete in the services and repairs area. Our inability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations for and supply commercial quantities of our offerings as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit market acceptance. Additionally, our HealthCare Financial Services business is subject to various laws, rules, and regulations administered by authorities in jurisdictions where it does business, including the United States, Canada, China, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and certain countries in Latin America. Furthermore, our markets are continually evolving and thus revenues and income are difficult to forecast. In recent years, U.S. healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers, and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and may result in the loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents. Additionally, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to help increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs, and increase efficiencies. These changes include a general decline in and/or changes to public and private insurer reimbursement levels and payment models and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and toward clinics, physician offices, and patients’ homes. We expect the U.S. healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Any of these factors could adversely affect our pricing, margins, and market share and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Global geopolitical and economic instability, as well as continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in regional economies, could adversely affect our business. We generate the majority of our revenue outside of the United States and our business is sensitive to global economic conditions. Slower global economic growth; actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt; volatility in the currency and credit markets; inflationary pressures; high levels of unemployment or underemployment; reduced levels of capital expenditures; changes or anticipation of potential changes in government fiscal, tax, import and export, and monetary policies; changes in capital requirements for financial institutions; disruptions in the financial services industry; government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics; sequestration; austerity measures; and other challenges that affect the global economy could adversely affect us and our customers, suppliers, and channel partners. Both the United States and international markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in 2023 and, to a lesser extent, 2024, and inflation rates in the United States, as well as in other countries in which we operate, may continue at elevated levels for the near term. In response, the Federal Reserve in the United States and other central banks in various countries have raised interest rates in response to concerns about inflation which may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty. Economic instability could also cause renewed uncertainty in global markets and the investment climate to deteriorate. Our business is affected by global geopolitical conditions. Future geopolitical factors that have the effect of reducing capital expenditures generally, and for healthcare products, services, or solutions specifically, may negatively impact sales of our offerings and, as a result, make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or maintain sales at existing levels. For example, in March 2024, the government in China announced a new stimulus program (“2024 stimulus”) that includes the healthcare sector and is being implemented through China’s provinces. In addition, an campaign directed at the healthcare sector remains ongoing. Both of these factors contributed to delayed orders and sales in our China business throughout 2024. While we expect the 2024 stimulus program to result in opportunities for our business in China in the longer term, it has had a impact as provinces develop and announce their plans and customers begin to make purchasing decisions. We expect the effects of the delay in the 2024 stimulus and the campaign to continue to impact our orders and sales in the near term, although we are unable to predict the exact duration or magnitude of the impact. 16 The imposition of tariffs, barriers, and other import and export restrictions have contributed to increased global economic uncertainty. The rise of economic nationalism could make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, continue to produce and source in an optimal manner, or maintain sales at existing levels, both in the United States and in other countries. Geopolitical and economic risks have increased over the past few years in many regions of the world, including in the United States. Our operations expose us to the risk that increased trade protectionism may adversely affect our business. For example, in late 2024 and early 2025, the United States, China, and the European Union each announced either new tariffs, barriers (principally related to participation in public procurement of healthcare equipment), or export controls. Any of these risks, ensuing retaliation, or the further deterioration of trade relations between countries could make our offerings more expensive or in the affected countries. Growing tensions, protectionist trade policies, and tariffs may also lead to a fragmentation of the global economy, a general reduction of international trade in goods and services, and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Further risks stem from geopolitical tensions and volatility (such as in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Russia, North Korea, and Israel and surrounding areas), other future conflicts that may arise, and economic sanctions imposed relating to regions and persons included on sanctioned party lists. In particular, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia may negatively impact our revenue to the extent the conflict and the sanctions significantly impact our ability to sell products or services to customers in the affected regions, collect receivables from such customers, or repatriate cash we do collect. Given the nature of our products, we do not believe that the current sanctions and other measures imposed by the United States and other countries preclude us from conducting business in the region. However, these sanctions have made and will continue to make it more burdensome and costly to serve customers in these regions. Under the current U.S. Department of Commerce regulations, we are permitted to export, , or transfer medical equipment and spare parts that meet stated criteria under a License Exception, which has eliminated the need for us to obtain individual U.S. licenses in most cases; however, licenses still may be needed for some transactions. The EU and other countries have also expanded licensing requirements for certain spare parts, services, software, and other items. We will continue to apply for licenses to supply to these customers and to support our business in Russia, as required. The implementation of these measures affected our ability to supply customers in Russia during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and will continue to do so as we confirm applicability of the U.S. License Exception to our transactions and continue to obtain licenses. There is no guarantee we will obtain all of the licenses for which we applied, that any approvals we obtain will be on a timely basis, or that our business in Russia will not be further disrupted due to evolving legal or operational considerations. In addition to the above, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, .S. persons in conducting activities, transacting business with, or making investments in certain countries or with governments, entities, and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security administers export controls that apply to products, software, and technology. If the sanctions, restrictions, and other retaliatory measures imposed by the global community change, we may be required to cease or suspend our operations in the region or we may voluntarily elect to do so. Additionally, elections in various countries may further exacerbate geo

[truncated]