Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On February 26, 2026, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement (the “New Revolving Credit Agreement”) among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders named therein, which provides for a 364-day senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed amount of $0.5 billion. The New Revolving Credit Facility replaces the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2025 (the “2025 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement”), among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders named therein, which provided for a $0.5 billion 364-day senior unsecured revolving credit facility and which was terminated on February 26, 2026. The credit facility provided under the New Revolving Credit Agreement will mature on February 25, 2027. The interest rate applicable to loans under the New Revolving Credit Agreement is (x) with respect to borrowings in U.S. Dollars, at the Company’s option, equal to either an alternate base rate, a daily simple SOFR rate, or an adjusted Term SOFR rate for a one-, three-, or interest period, (y) with respect to borrowings in Euros, the EURIBOR rate for a one-, three-, or interest period, and (z) with respect to borrowings in Pound Sterling, a daily simple SONIA rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin payable on borrowings will be determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on the Company’s senior unsecured debt ratings. The New Revolving Credit Agreement includes various customary covenants that limit, among other things, (i) the Company’s incurrence of liens, entry into certain fundamental change transactions, and maximum permitted leverage ratio, and (ii) the incurrence of indebtedness by subsidiaries of the Company. The New Revolving Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default, including with respect to a failure to make timely payments thereunder, violation of covenants, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, acceleration of other material indebtedness, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events, unsatisfied material judgments, and change of control. The foregoing description of the New Revolving Credit Agreement does not purport to be a complete statement of the parties’ rights and obligations thereunder, and the foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the New Revolving Credit Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. In connection with the Company’s entry into the New Revolving Credit Agreement, the 2025 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, which provided for a $0.5 billion 364-day senior unsecured revolving credit facility, was terminated without penalty on February 26, 2026. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Description 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 2 6 , 202 6 , among the Registrant, as the borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto. 104 The cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (Registrant) Date: February 27, 2026 /s/ George A. Newcomb George A. Newcomb, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer (authorized signatory)