BT Group ple a
Annual Report 2022 4%

We cdi
for CRMC

|

mond

TUESDAY

13/09/2022 #185
COMPANIES HOUSE

28/09/2022 #46
COMPANIES HOUSE

BT Group is one of the world’s leading
connectivity services providers.

We manage some of the UK’s best-
known brands too. As the oldest
telecommunications company in the
world, we’ve been at the forefront of
technology innovation and progress
for 176 years.

We’ve seen a lot of change over that

time, and today the solutions we offer

have never been more important to +2 3

our customers. The connectivity- .

based solutions we sell are integral Brecon including cectover
to modern lives, businesses and resuits i) Consumer, BT SME
communities in the UK and across _ _
the world. We support millions of

customers across c. 180 countries

and employ around 100,000

brilliant colleagues.

50%

5G now covers over half
of the UK population and
7.2m 5G ready customers

N\

7m+ 2031

over 7m homes and businesses Achieve net zero carbon
passed with full fibre, with emissions by the end of
speecis of up to 900Mbps March 2031

Strategic report 1
i
t
Financial highlights Contents
Revenue » Strategic report
! Amessage from our Chairman 2
£20.9bn (2% 3 - 2
(FY21: £21.3bn) i ‘A message from our Chief Executive 4
Executive Committee 8
Profit before tax Our business model 10
£2.0bn 9% Key trends influencing us 14
(FY21:£1.8bn) Regulatory update 16
Our strategic framework» “Te
Adjusted? EBITDA a
Progress against our strategic framework 20
£7.6bn 2% Our stakeholders 36
(evar: £7.4bn) Non-financial information 42
Cash flow from Our key performance indicators (KPIs) 44
operating activities Group performance 46
‘letter from the Chair of Openreach 54
£5.9bn «1%
(FY21: £6.0bn) Risk management 55
. ” Our principal risks and uncertainties 58
Normalised free Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 66
> .
cash flow Viability statement 70
£1.4bn (5)%
(FY21: £1.5bn) Corporate governancereport ”
ae sevevonereeeineneneese - pinanuiatatstomente oor een enn
Basic earnings per share "Additional information 209
12.9p «12%
(FY21: 14.8p) © This Strategic report was approved
: . © bythe Board an 11 May 2022
Capital ft By ordercfthe Board, |
‘apital expenditure Adam Crozier
Chairman es
£5 3bn 25% yea 4 j

(FY21:£4.2bn)

Please see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements
on page 212,

Pages 1 to 70 form the Strategic report. It inclucies our business modal,
progress against our strategic framework, our key performance indicators,

Lock out forthese throughout group performance and our principat risks and uncertainties.

the report
‘The Corporate governance report on pages 71 to 120 forms the Report ofthe
Directors anc! includes the Report ondirectors' remuneration.

Reference te another
page inthe report

Reference to further
reacling online

In this document, references to ‘BT Group’ and! ‘the group’ are to BT Group ple
comprising its subsidiaries, customer-facing units and intornat corperate
units. Areferance toa year expressed as F¥22 is to the financial year ended!
31 March 2022; FY23 is to the financial year encled 31 March 2023 and soon.

Road more about the Visit our online annual review and
BT Group Manifesto see how we're connecting for

bt.com/manifestoreport good bt.com/annuatroview

2 Adlusted (being before specific toms, share of post taxprofits/tosses of associates
and pint ventures and net non-interest related finance expense), as explained on We conner
page 210, forgoed,

» Normalised fee cash low as defined on page211

ae) We connect
oF, for good

BT Group ple Annual Report 2022

A message from our Chairman

Building trust
and value

The strategic and operational progress BT Group —_: Thatroleisnota given right. As Philip

‘ . { describes in this report, we are now
has made in FY22 would be more than satisfactory = sharply focused on network investment
. t, and ever-better customer service. We're
in any year but in the context of the current modernising both what we do and how we

extraordinary economic backdrop, it is particularly : deit,alignedto the Uk Government and
. . woe Ofcom agenda of transforming the UK's
impressive. When | joined BT Group at the end digital infrastructure.

of 2021, 1 was often asked why I'd chosentolead — = thisisa uniquely complex task-which
acompany that, for all its impressive strengths, ; ISmy other reason for joining the group.

. . E Itwill take a number of years and
can feel like a procession of challenges. ! resolute focus.

My answer was that getting it right here matters. | Building forthelong term
BT Group is central to the UK’s economy, public Much of business, politicsandmedia
. . “a | tend to run onshorter loops than jobs like
services and security. And it’s at the heart of family : this. But the truth is we are in the early
+ * nye E stages of amammoth and long-t
and professional life for millions of people. | transformation programme, Our task is
} not only to make sure BT Group evolves
} asa truly world class telecoms leader,
} but that it develops its role within the
! ever-shifting technology landscape.

! We are up to speed - rolling out fibre
faster and cheaper than ever and alreacly
reaching more than half the poputation

! with 5G. My focus is making sure we keep
this momentum and stay the course.

| Better to do the job properly than pretend

i it’saquick win.

: The past couple of years have seen the
i group prove its mettle, rising to the role
of critical national telecommunications
provider, keeping people working and
families connected, and underpinning
} vital public services.

-£229bn

} the new networkswe and others
: are building will yield a national
| productivity gain of around £229bn°

BTGroup ple Annual Report 2022

66

Our task is not only to make sure BT Group
evolves as a truly world class telecoms

ltecaicler, but that it develops its role wi

hin

the ever-shifting technology landscape.

As we build back from the economic
damage of the pandemic and cope with
inflation, supply chain constraints and
shifting geopolitics, our role is vital for
the country’s future. BT Group is already
responsible for generating £1 in every
£75 produced in the UK economy®. The
new networks we and others are building
will yield a national productivity gain of
around £229bn°.

Itis those fibre and 8G networks that,
rightly, take the headlines. But the
challenges we face are much wider.
Connecting places is a yardstick but it is
connecting people that will yield a return
on our once-in-a-generation investment.
And while doing that we must strive for
ever-better customer service, building
trust and confidence in everything we do.

Building a modern BT Group

Our digitisation agenda runs through
the group. New platforms and services -
for businesses as well as individuals —
must be matched by a concerted drive for
backroom efficiency. | have been highly
impressed by our colleagues’ expertise
and dedication to this transition. Itis

of course a human as wellas technical
process. We will continue to develop our
skills base, recruiting and training the
brightest, whilst reskilling our colleagues
to stay competitive.

Weare digitising both BT Group and the
services we offer, but we must leave no
one behind. It’s why our full fibre build
of 25m homes will include access for

a Regeneris for 81, 2021

b FTTP £59bn productivity gains to the UK if delivered
by 2025 (Source: Centre for Economics and Business
Research) ~5Ga further £170bn benefit. (Source:
FCCG report for DCMS),

a guaranteed 6.2m rural homes. It's why
we make sure connectivity is financially
accessible to all through our social tariffs,
and why we're supporting vulnerable
customers by freezing those tariff prices
in 2022.

For all our best efforts and intentions,
we won't always get it right. We saw that
this year with the move to digital voice
services —where not enough caution on
our part caused real anxiety to some of
cur most vulnerable customers.

Pausing that programme was the right
thing to do to learn lessons and improve
the experience for customers. But at
the same time, we must keep leading the
ital transition, explaining both
al necessities and advantages
to customers - like the value of digital
telephony in tackling scam calls.

This year we published BT Group’s
Manifesto to capture how we'll grow our
business in a responsible, inclusive and
sustainable way, meeting our purpose
to connect for good.

It sets bold goals for the social and
environmental impact of our work (see
page 32). As chairman, lam determined

; tomake sure we use it not as an exercise

in saying the right things but asa basis

: foraction.

: Governance

The first job for any incoming chairman
is to judge whether the right strategy and

: managementare in place. |am certain
: that Philip and his executive team have

the vision and experience for the task.

| Aswe look ahead to FY23 and beyond, my
! priority for the Board will be to bolster its
: skills, diversity and experience-taking

into account group strategy, the

ere
Strategic report 3

opportunities and challenges facing us
and succession (given the tenure of longer
serving directors). The Nominations
Committee is focused on finding non-
executive directors with skills to boost the
Board's technology and digital capabilities
and transformation expertise.

At this year’s AGM, we'll bid a fond and
grateful farewell to Leena Nair. Leena has
chaired our Digital Impact & Sustainability
Committee with great impact and we will
miss her. But we recognise that her new
role as Global CEO of Chanelis highly
demanding. Sara Weller will succeed

her as chair of the Digital Impact &
Sustainability Committee.

In November Sir Jan du Plessis stepped
down as chairman. I wantto saya big
personal thank you to Jan for his
dedication to BT Group and for the
support he gave me when handing over
the role. It is thanks in no small part to his
stewardship that | inherited the job of
chairman of a business with such clear
strategic direction.

In recent years BT Group's share price
performance has demanded considerable
patience from our investors. In the last

12 months it has performed much better.
I'm confident that our Executive
Committee now has the investment and
transformation plans in place to deliver
for shareholders, customers and other
stakeholders.

We are well on our way but this is no quick
task. Itneeds our investors’ faith. We will
repay that literally through reinstating
the full year dividend at 7.7 pence per
share, but also through open and
consistent dialogue about our progress.

Iwant to close by thanking the many
colleagues who have given me sucha

: warm welcome. This company has an
| immense task ahead of it. But i
© enabrilliant team —one I'm really

is built

pleased to be part of.

: Adam Crozier

Chairman
11 May 2022

BT Group ple Annual Report 2022

A message from our Chief Executive

A clear
strategy

We connect
for good

We’re on a purposeful,
fast-paced journey.
Bringing our unique assets
together and delivering
significant and sustainable
long-term growth.

£15bn

investmentin our full fibre
network

R&D expenditurein FY22

BT Group ple Annual Report 2022

This year BT Group again proved its resilience

and ability to get on and deliver. Our operational

performance was strong —

and doubly impressive

in the context of global economic challenges.

Two factors underpin this.

First, and above alt: the continued
dedication and hard work of around
100,000 colleagues across the company
and around the world. On behalf of the
Board and my executive team, ! want

to thank each and every one of them

for their efforts during the year and
unwavering support for our customers.
Recognising that our people face an
extraordinary inflationary environment,
we have been determined to offer the
best pay rises we can afford, awarding
colleagues increases ranging from 2%
0.8%, and with a particular focus on
those on lower salaries.

Second, clarity and alignment across
the entire organisation on our purpose
—we connect for good ~and delivery

on our strategic framework: building the
strongest foundations, creating standout
customer experiences and leading the
way toa bright, sustainable future. (See
page 18) These are now evidentiin all
activity across the business and we see
this in our ever-improving customer
satisfaction results.

Despite the economic uncertainty,
BT Group shares performed well; over
the 12 months to 31 March 2022, and
including the reinstated full year dividend
of 7.7 pence per share, we will have
achieved total shareholder return

of 22.7% compared to 16.1% for the
FTSE 100.

Of course, the turbulent global economy
has made its presence felt in all walks

of life. BT Group was not immune -as
seen in our FY22 financial performance —
but despite an overall decline in revenue,
savings from our transformation
programmes and tight cost management
delivered EBITDA growth of 2%.

c.1.8mM

customers already connected
to full fibre

BT Group is delivering

We're sticking to our plan: we have
stepped up our modernisation agenda as
we strengthen, simplify and sharpen the
group's focus; we are achieving record
customer satisfaction scores across all

our next generation network build
programmes.

Openreach is now almost 30% of the way
through our full fibre broadband build,
having passed 7.2m premises and
building faster and cheaper than any
other operator. On 31 March, we had
almost 1.8m FTTP® end user connections
from 42 different communications
providers.

From a standing start three years ago,
EE’s 5G network now covers more than
50% of the UK population, 12 months
ahead of target. Building next generation
networks is one thing but connecting

measure we are also performing really
well: our 5G-ready® customer base now
stands at 7.2m.

Our next generation networks will
underpin all future BT Group products
and propositions. Our FTTP customer
base in Consumer has grown tots largest

ever level at 1.1m; Enterprise signed a
deal with BAl Communications to deliver
connectivity solutions for the London
Underground); and in Global we are
continuing to grow next generation
services, including Eagle-i which predicts
and prevents cyber attacks for corporate

: and public sector customers.

Strategic report 5

! Buildinga bright sustainable future for
: BT Group revolves around enabling our

: long-term growth and prosperity. Our

£ Digital unit will be at the centre of this, with

adual-track role to cut back our reliance

} oncomplex, costly legacy systems and

create new growth opportunities. Little

! overa year since its creation, the Digital
} teamis radically simplifying our internal

E systems and processes, supported in part
» by AWS, and working with Google Cloud
: toaccelerate our progress to becoming

Al-led. A significant new agreement

© with Microsoft is helping us move in the
| direction of a platform business, andwe

: have signed another deal with Distributed
} toenhance our access to the talent we

| need to deliver on our ambition.

our brands; and we continue to accelerate | The highly regulated nature of our

) business and the importance of

} connectivity and the other services we

} provide means we'llalways be front of

) mind for a broad range of stakeholders.

} Delivering our plans helping us continue
} to strengthen our relationships with key

! groups, including the UK Government

: and our regulator, Ofcom,

66

| We have stepped up our
customersto them swhat counts.Onthat . Mocernisation agenda
as we strengthen,

: simplify and sharpen

| the groun’s focus; We

: are achieving record

customer satisfaction
scores ecross all our
brands; and we continue
to accelerete our nex
generation network
build programmes.”

a Fibre-to-the-premises (also knownas full fibre).

b EE consumer customers receiving or capable of
receiving 5G network connection using one or bath
of a 5G-enabled handset anda SG-enabled SIM.

BT Group plc Annual Report 2022

A message from our Chief Executive continued

Five clear priorities to
drive sustainable growth.

Drive Consumer
growth through
converged
solutions

ed

Consumer will lead in full fibre, 5G and
convergence to win in households across the UK
and build deeper customer relationships by giving
them exceptional customer experiences.

Capitalise

on Enterprise
and Global’s
unrivalled assets
to restore growth

DN)

Enterprise and Global will help business customers
to grow through next generation connectivity
solutions. Alongside leading capability and
expertise in managed services and security, and
superior customer experiences, these solutions
will support our business customers on their

igital journeys.

Deliver
Openreach
growth and
strong returns
onFTTP

Openreach will build the UK’s largest full fibre
network, get cost advantages from this scale and
switch customers to the new platform as fast as
possible. Openreach will also keep providing
industry leading service and strengthen

its relationship with all communicati

providers (CPs).

Digitise,
automate and
reskillto
transform our
cost base and
improve
productivity

Across BT Group we'll fundamentally change what
we do and how we work. We'll simplify our product
portfolio, automate and digitise our operations
and shut down legacy systems, processes and
networks. This will cut costs, boost execution
speed and ensure we can deliver better
experiences for customers and colleagues.

Optimise
our business,
portfolio
and capital
allocation

BT Groupple Annual Report 2022

We'll keep reviewing how we can strengthen our
business portfolio through opportunities to own,
sell or partner. We'll continue to optimise the way
we allocate the cash flow generated from our
operations, balancing the need to reinvest capital
in the business, especially in next generation
networks and solutions, with meeting our
obligations to service our debt and pension fund
while allowing us to pay a progressive dividend.

Strategic priorities

Outstanding connectivity remains our
beating heart. Building next generation
networks will not just lay the foundations
for the future economic prosperity of our
customers and the whole of the UK. It will
also be the bedrock for BT Group's future
success, but this is only the start.

Aswe grow the group into a digital
platform-led business to ensure our
lasting competitiveness, we'll deliver

on five key priorities.

1. EE will become our flagship brand for
consumers, leading our approach to
future innovation, convergence and
services beyond connectivity. Eventually,
this will help us win in households across
the UK and build deeper customer
relationships by giving them exceptional
experiences,

2. BT will be our flagship brand for
Enterprise and Global under the new
heading, BT Means Business. Enterprise
and Global have a strong portfolio of next
generation services and we will capitalise
on these to drive market share in fast-
growing areas where we're under-indexed.

3. Openreach has a strong and growing
early customer connection rate of 25% to
the new FTTP network, At such an early
stage in this asset's life, it's an
encouraging indicator of the long-term
economic return we'll generate on this
once-in-a-generation investment.

4, Half-way through FY22 we achieved
our £'1bn gross annualised cost savings
target— 18 months ahead of schedule.
This let us bring forward our £2bn savings
target by a year to FY24 and target
further savings totalling £2.5bn by end
FY25.

5, We're sharpening our focus to make
sure we are adapting to the changing
markets we operate in and funding the
right assets and initiatives for growth. To
that end, we have finalised the sports joint
venture with Warner Bros. Discovery to
improve our content offering to
customers, aligning our business with
anew global content powerhouse.
Separately, we have now extended our
reciprocal channel supply deal with Sky
into the next decade and, following
successful trials, Openreach and Sky have
signed an MOU allowing Sky engineers to
complete home installations of full-fisre
for their customers. These deals
strengthen our strategic relationship

with a key partner, mutually benefiting

all of our customers.

66

We launched the BT Group Manife
in December, setting out now we'l

accelerate responsible, inclusive and
sustainable growth over the next clecacie.”

25m

our targetis to help 25m
people improve their digitat
skills by the end of March 2026,
and we're already half-way to
achieving that goal

con

we will help customers
avoid 60m tonnes of carbon
emissions by 2030

£7.9bn

in FY23 we expect to deliver
EBITDA ofat least £7.9bn

To see Philip in conversation, visit our online
annual review bt.com/annualroview

! BT Group Manifesto

As the world of technology evolves,
the weight of societal responsibility
oncompanies like ours becomes ever
greater and more complex. We will only
succeed if we help solve some of the
problems faced by the customers and
societies we serve. To that end, we
launched the BT Group Manifesto

: in December, setting out how we'll

accelerate responsible, inclusive and
sustainable growth over the next decade.

Central to this is making sure customers
have the necessary skills for their own
digital futures whether that’s helping
parents help their children get online or
ready themselves for a career in coding
after school or university. Our target is,
to help 25m people improve their digital
skills by the end of March 2026. We're
already over half-way to achieving

that goal.

We have also set out clear workforce
diversity and inclusion targets which

are stretching but we're determined to
pursue them and champion an inclusive
culture that celebrates our differences. In

addition, we have brought forward our net
: zero target by 15 years-to 31 March 2031
+ for our own emissions and 31 March 2041

: for supply chain and customer emissions.
: By embracing new technologies such as

: full fibre, 5G, cloud computing and lol,

= we will help customers avoid 60m tonnes

} of carbon emissions by 2030.

Strategic report 7

Looking ahead

BT Group has emerged from the global
pandemic a stronger organisation with a
clear path to future success. Despite lower
revenue in FY22, we've grown EBITDA,

| weare well on track to modernise and

improve every aspect of our operations
and our mid- to longer-term financial
outlook isimproving.

The majority of our revenue base is now
inflation-linked and customers are on.

! clear, predictable and transparent pricing

plans. Annual data consumption has more
than doubledin the last five years and
with the once-in-a-generation network
upgrades needed to support this, it’s
critical that our pricing structures are fit for
purpose and can fund these investments.
That said, in the current inflationary
environment we know every penny counts
for our customers —which is why we won’t

} increase social tariff prices in 2022.

: InFY23 we expect to deliver revenue

} growth and EBITDA of at least £7.9bn.

| Looking further out, we have expanded
: our gross annualised cost savings target
| to £2.5bn by FY25.

: Aswe pass the peak of our fibre build and
: move towards an all-fibre, all-IP network,
} we expect an annual capex reduction of
! at least £1bn and lower operating costs

of £500m. From these two things alone,
by the end of the decade we expect at
least £1.5bn higher normalised free cash
flow compared to FY22. Our progressive
dividend policy will be underpinned by
these increased cash flows as we move
to sustainable growth going forward.

Itis thanks to shareholders’ support that
we are making big investments in the
long-term future and prosperity of BT
Group -on their behalf, and on behalf
of customers and the whole of the UK.

The true strength of our business lies in

| our unwavering commitment to putting
} customers first. Building and maintaining

their trust in us is the single most important

} thing we do; we will never take it for

granted and we will always strive for better.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
11 May 2022

BT Group ple Annual Report 2022

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee provides input and
recommendations to assist the chief executive
with strategy development and operational
management. It is chaired by the chief executive.

Executive Committee changes
The following changes to the Executive
Committee took place during the year:

* Alison Wilcox ceased as HR director
onleaving BT

* Debbie White joined BT Group
as interim HR director.

Harmeen Mehta

Clvef digital

novatic

Appointed March 2021.
Before joining BT Group, Harmeen was
group CIO and head of cloud & security
business at Bharti Airtel. Harmeen has
experience of incubating new businesses
and creating new revenue streams, and
over 25 years’ experience leading digital,
and technology transformation and
running technology-led businesses.
Harmeen has previously been CIO at Bank
of America Merrill Lynch, BBVA and HSBC.

8TGroup ple Annual Report 2022

Philip Jansen

Chief

Appointed as chief executive in February
2019 and to the Board in January 2019.
Philip joined BT Group from Worldpay
where he had been CEO since April 2013.
Before that he was CEO and then chairman
at Brakes Group between 2010 and 2015.
Philip spent the previous six years at
Sodexo where he was group chief
operating officer and chief executive,
Europe, South Africa and India. Prior to that
he was chief operating officer at MyTravel
Group from 2002 to 2004 and managing
director of Telewest Communications (now
Virgin Media ©2) from 2000 to 2002, after
starting his career at Procter & Gamble.

Appointed November 2016.
Ed was formerly deputy director of
corporate affairs at Lloyds Banking Group.
Prior to that he held corporate affairs roles
at McDonald's Europe, McKinsey &
Company and the Blue Rubicon
communications consultancy, having
previously worked as a news producer

and editor at the BBC.

7
t

Appointed July 2016.

Simon was CFO of BG Group before the
takeover by Royal Dutch Shellin February
2016. Priorto that he was CFO of
AstraZeneca, and finance director and
executive director of ScottishPower. Simon
was also previously a director of McKinsey
& Company.

Rob Shuter

CEO, Entersrise

Appointed February 2021.
Before joining BT Group, Rob was group
president and CEO of MTN Group. Prior to
joining MTN, Rob was CEO of the Europe
cluster of Vodafone Group, having worked
there from 2009 to 2016. Earlier in his
career, Rob held various roles in the
financial sector in South Africa including
managing director of retail banking at
Nedbank and head of investment banking
at Standard Bank

The Executive Committee assists the
chicf oxecutive to:

+ develop group strategy and budget for
approval by the Board

* execute the strategy once the Board
approves it

* give assurance to the Board on overall
performance and how we're managing
risks.

The chief executive, or his delegate, take
all decisions. This is so there is a single
point of accountabilily.

Marc Alera
CFO, Consume

Appointed September 2017.

Marc was previously CEO, EE and prior to
that chief commercial officer for EE from
2011 to 2015. He spent ten years at Three
UKas sales and marketing director and
chief commercial officer. Prior to that,
Marc was general manager of Sega UK
and Europe.

Howard Watson

echnoloay office +

Appointed February 2016 as chief
technology and information officer and
became chief technology officer in

March 2021.

Howard was formerly chief architect and
managing director, global IT systems and
led the technical teams behind the launch
of BT Sport in 2013. Howard joined BT
Group in 2011 and has 35 years of telecoms
experience, having spent time at Telewest
Communications (now Virgin Media 02)
and Cartesian, a telecommunications
consultancy and software company.

Bas Burger

Appointed June 2017,

Bas was formerly president, BTin the
Americas, Global Services. Bas joined BT
Group in 2008 as CEO Benelux. Before
joining BT Group, Bas was executive
president and a member of the
management committee of Getronics NV,
where he ran global sales, channels and
partnerships, developing the company’s
international business. He wasalso

CEO and managing director of KPN
Entercom Solutions.

Appointed October 2021.
Before joining BT Group, Debbie was CEO
of Interserve Group and prior to this held
various senior positions within Sodexo
including CEO of Sodexo Healthcare and
Sodexo Government, CFO in the UK and
Ireland and later CEO for Sodexo UK and
Ireland, Debbie started her career with
Arthur Andersen in the UK, before joining
AstraZeneca where she helda range of
financial roles.

Strategic report 9

Sabine Chalmers
Ge

reactor requtatery at

Appointed April 2018 as general counsel
and became director regulatory affairs and
company secretary in May and September
2021 respectively.

Before joining BT Group, Sabine was chief
legal and corporate affairs officer and
company secretary of Anheuser-
BuschInBev for 12 years. She also held
various legal leadership roles at Diageo.
Sabineis qualified to practise law in
England and Wales and New York State.

Clive Selley invitee
CEO,

Appointed February 2016.

Clive was formerly CEO, Technology,
Service & Operations, CEO innovate &
design and before that president, Global
Services portfolio & service design.

The CEO, Openreach cannot be a member
of the Executive Committee under the
provisions of the Commitments (see page
41). Clive attends Executive Committee
meetings as appropriate.

8TGroup ple Annual Report 2022

Our business model

What we do

We own, build and operate the UK’s biggest

and best fixed and mobile networks. We use

them to give UK customers innovative digital
connectivity solutions. Beyond the UK we provide
global businesses with networking, security and
connectivity solutions too. To meet our customers’
needs — from individuals and families to the public
sector and global multinationals - we design, build, :
market, sell and support differentiated solutions

that deliver smarter outcomes for them.

For consumers we offera range of
broadband, mobile, landline and
converged solutions, as well as
entertainment including sport, TV and
gaming. Typically, we deliver services to
households through 12 to 24month
contracts or subscriptions.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2022

For businesses we offer, manage and
support differentiated, innovative and
compelling connectivity solutions to
enable businesses to digitally transform
and grow. We sell them a wide range of
digital capabilities like networking, cyber
security, cloud and collaboration tools
and solutions. We support businesses
large and small as well as the public sector
and governments around the world.
Typically, we provide small and medium
businesses solutions on 12 to 24 month
contracts. Larger business and public
sector customers often buy multi-year
managed solution contracts but they can
also buy one-off services related to
specific technologies or outcomes. These
contracts give us ongoing revenue and
help us become trusted partners to our
customers through developing long-
standing relationships.

: Our customers span a wide range of

: customer segments. We earn revenue
} by selling them different types of

! connectivity solutions - often in

: collaboration with partners.

! We invest what we earn in outstanding

} customer service, building and

} maintaining our leading mobile and fixed

! networks, and developing the next
generation of connectivity solutions.

We also use the money we earn to pay for
obligations tike tax, interest and pension
fund contributions as well as returning

} aportion of it to our shareholders in
return for the capital they have invested
: inthe business.

We serve CPs in two ways. Through
Enterprise, we wholesale our mobile
network capabilities, voice services,
broadband, Ethernet and other
connectivity solutions. Typically, these
wholesale contracts range from a month
to five years or more. And through
Openreach we sell wholesale access to
our fixed network infrastructure to 690
CPs. A large portion of Openreach’s
portfoliois regulated and we typically
strike long-term contracts of up to 10
years with CPs, including our Consumer
and Enterprise units.