BT Group
—

“

A better BT
for all of us

| IS

*AESEQZH7*

COMPANIES HOUSE

Now is the time to create
the BT our customers,
our colleagues, our owners,
and the country needs.

© We'll achieve this through our refreshed strategy. Read more on page 20

Most satisfied and
loyal customers

>50

More than half of all UK
homes and business now
have access to faster and
more reliable broadband
thanks to Openreach’s
investment in full fibre

24.8-29.5

Group NPS (FY24 vs FY25)

To explore how we are creating
Abetter BT abet allof us, visit our
for all of us

a oN
f ., openreact
Most engaged oa

and empowered
colleagues

82%

Based on our latest ‘Your
Say’ survey, 82% of
colleagues feel positive
about developing new ways
to serve customers and
being empowered to make
decisions. That's 8% above

the UK benchmark.

Positively impacting
the whole country

We connect people, businesses

and society and make a significant
economic contribution to the UK. Last
year we added more than £22.8bn.

£22..8pn

Increased dividend
for our owners

- 8. 16 pence per share

For 180 years, we've brought
progress. Moving the nation
forwards by engineering and
pioneering the extraordinary.

We're not just the backbone of the

UK, we’re the beating heart. Always
keeping people connected, safely and
securely. But today, we’re facing a new
set of challenges. The world is louder.
Faster. Less certain. More complex,
more demanding, than ever before.

BT Group plc Annual Report 2025 a) 1 Strategic report

I
Contents How we've done
Strategic report . Revenue
‘Amessage from our Chairman " 2
‘Amessage from our Chief Executive 4 £20 . 4b I 1] ( 2 ) %
Executive Committee 8 eyza: £20.85
‘Our business model To —(FY24:£20.8bn)
Trends shaping our industry and business 14
Our strategic framework 15 Profit before tax
Progress against our strategic pillars 16
Suresh toy ~» £1.3bn12%
Our people 22° (FY24: £1.2bn)
(Our Manifesto 28
hi
Our stakeholders 34 Agjusted? EBITDA
Regulatory update 41
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 42 £ 8 2 b 9
¥ . n1%
Our key performance indicators (KPIs) 44
Group performance a6 (FY24:£8.1bn)
‘Amessage from the Chair of Openreach 53
Risk management 54 Cash flow from operating activities
(Our principal risks and uncertainties 56 .
noe £7.0bn 17%
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 62 . C)
Viability statement 72 (FY24: £6.0bn)
Corporate governance report 73
Financial statements 129 Normalised free cash flow”
Additional information 228 £ 4 6
9
.6bn 25%
The Board approved this Strategic report on 22 May 2025. (FY24: £1.3bn)

The Chairman signed it on their behalf.

Basic earnings per share

Hin J, 10.8p 24%

(FY24:8.7p)
Adam Crozier
Chairman
22 May 2025 Capital expenditure
You can find our cautionary statement on forward- £ 4 9 b °
looking statements on page 231. . T ) —%
Pages 2 to 72 are the Strategic report. It includes our (FY24: £4.9bn)
Eusiness model, progress against our current strategic
framework, our refreshed strategy, our key performance
indicators, group performance and our principal risks and Look out for these throughout the report

uncertainties. B Reference to another page in the report
You can find our Corporate governance report Reference to furthe! i

a " r di
n pages 73 to 128. It includes the Report on directors’ @ Referen lurther reading online

remuneration and the Directors’ report.

When we say ‘BT Group’ and ‘the group’ in this document we
mean BT Group ple - made up of our subsidiaries, customer- ;

P H . ¥ Adj 1d EBITDA Is fit oF le yr fie it 5 Net fin 7
facing units and internal corporate units. When we say ‘FY25" * eee seresean olacortertonaracmeectecntecremeotoenel
we mean the financial year that ended on 31 March 2025, associates andjoint ventures. See page 220.
and we use the same approach for any other years. b We define normalised free cash flow on page 230

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025 2 Strategic report

A message from our Chairman

A year of
continued
progress

Ce

Co)

Ml

Over the past year

we’ve been focused on
transforming at pace

to deliver exceptional
customer experience

and improved shareholder
value. We’ve made
significant progress,
with a refreshed corporate
strategy, key executive
appointments, and
changes to the structure
of the business.

Adam Crozier
Chairman

BT Group plc Annual Report 2025

Strategic report

We've set a solid foundation to enable future success,
and we're already seeing the early benefits, reflected
in our improved share price over the past 12 months.

Allison’s first year at the helm

This Annual Report marks the first full

year with Allison in post as Chief Executive.
Over the past 12 months, the executive
leadership team has been accelerating the
transformation of the business so that
we're better able to serve our customers,
while focusing BT on our core operation:
providing leading connectivity in the UK.

Our emphasis on putting customers at the
heart of our decision making has already
started to yield positive results, with
improved customer satisfaction scores
across the business. The same people-led
approach internally has also been key to.
building employee engagement, which
has been instrumental in navigating the
challenges of the past year. Our leadership
is steering us towards a bright future, and |
have full confidence in the Executive
Committee's vision and execution.

FY25 investment and dividend

BT is currently the largest investor in UK
infrastructure of any company listed on
the FTSE 100. In the last five years, our
cumulative capex investment has been
£24,3bn against a backdrop ot investment
in UK infrastructure slowing or falling
behind schedule. The connectivity our
next-generation networks provide will play
acritical role in strengthening our
customer base and long-term financial
health, while also underpinning economic
growth and wider societal benefits.

We've re-confirmed our financial targets
for the coming years, as we move towards
our free cashflow targets of £2bn in FY27
and £3bn in FY30. This gives us confidence
to maintain a progressive dividend policy,
and we raised our dividend for FY25 by 2%
to 8.16 pence per share, reflecting our
commitment to delivering value to our
shareholders, while continuing to invest in
the future growth of the company.

Societal benefits

It’s our mission to connect for good and

make a positive impact on society. This

year, we launched our first climate

transition plan which outlined our future

ambitions:

~ Aiming to achieve net zero carbon
emissions in our operations by 2031 and
for the full value chain by March 2041

— Transitioning the majority of our vehicles to
electric or zero-emission by March 2031

~ Sending zero waste to landfill by 2030

~ Reducing our networks’ energy
consumption annually

~ Building towards a circular BT Group by
2030 anda circular tech and telco
ecosystem by 2040

Aswell as benefitting the communities we
serve, these efforts enhance our own long-
term resilience, ensuring we have the strategy
and capacity to navigate the uncertainties of
climate change. By setting clear targets and
tracking our progress, we're holding
ourselves accountable and demonstrating
our position asa climate leader. Our work
towards these ambitions is already well
underway too-as evidenced by BT Group
making the UK’s largest ever commercial
Electric Vehicle fleet order earlier this year.

inaddition to our environmental initiatives,
we're also focused on creating wider social
value. Our inclusion programmes aim to
bridge the digital divide and ensure that
everyone can reap the benefits of next-
generation networks - from access to
education, health and government services,
through to connectivity that enables
businesses to work more quickly and flexibly,
boosting productivity and growth. We're also
committed to ensuring these benefits are
realised safely and securely, as we all facea
growing range of online threats.

Stakeholder relations

Like all organisations, we're navigating an
increasingly complex geopolitical and trading
environment -making our wider stakeholder
relationships more important than ever. Our
engagement with the government and
regulatory bodies has been instrumental in
shaping policies that support the growth and
development of our business and the
telecommunications sector.

Inthe UK, while we were impacted by
changes announced in the 2024 Autumn
Budget, we have engaged strongly with the
UK Government since their election last year.
Fundamentally, we share their ambition to
drive economic growth for the UK, and our
ongoing investments in digital infrastructure
will be crucial to achieving this goal.

Our relationship with Ofcom remains a key
priority, and we welcomed their Telecoms
Access Review update this year, which
focuses on providing the long-term certainty
and predictability needed for major investors
such as BT Group. We also led the industry in
switching from ‘CPI+’ to ‘pounds and pence’
consumer price increases before regulatory
intervention, giving customers greater clarity
on their billing after high inflationary
pressuresin recent years.

Our collaboration with stakeholders
extends beyond government and
regulators. We've continued to engage
openly with our customers, employees,
suppliers, and communities to understand
their needs and expectations, building trust
and strengthening relationships with the
wide range of stakeholders who are critical
to our future success.

Governance and Board changes
The past year saw several important
changes to our Board, including Tushar
Morzaria and Rima Qureshi joining as
Independent Non-Executive Directors in
May 2024 and March 2025 respectively
and Sir Alex Chisholm being appointed as
our dedicated Non-Executive Director for
Ofcom engagement in September 2024.
Isabel Hudson stepped down from the
Board in July 2024.

These appointments bring a wealth of
experience and expertise to our Board,
enhancing our governance and strategic
‘oversight. Tushar’s financial acumen, Alex's
regulatory insights, and Rima’s global
perspective and telecoms experience will
be invaluable as we navigate a rapidly
evolving external outlook.

Diversity and inclusion are core values at
BT Group, and we're committed to
fostering a culture where everyone feels
valued and respected. Our Board’s
diversity reflects our broader commitment
to creating an inclusive workplace that
leverages the unique perspectives and
talents of all our employees.

Looking forward

There remains a great deal to be done to
truly transform BT Group, but we've made
significant progress over the past year. |
would like to thank my fellow Board
members, our executive leadership team,
and most of all our people for their drive
and commitment to delivering this.

The foundations we've built position us well
for the future. |’m more confident than ever
that the changes we're making are bringing
clear rewards today and will deliver long-
term benefits for our customers, our
shareholders, and UK society as a whole.

Aap

Adam Crozier
Chairman
22 May 2025

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025 4 Strategic report

A message from our Chief Executive

A better BT
for all of us

Co

Ml

During the past year
we've been fully focused
onaccelerating BT's
modemisation and
transformation, as

we become a BT that's
better for all of us:

for our people, our
customers, the country
and our owners.

Allison Kirkby
Chief Executive

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025 5 Strategic report

We've increased the build pace of the nation’s digital backbone;
sharpened our focus on providing the UK's most trusted connectivity;
and we are continuing to address our legacy and complexity by
simplifying and digitalising our products, and the way we work.
When we get this right, we will deliver for all our stakeholders.

BT's contribution to the UK cannot be -
overstated, Our latest Economic Impact Refreshed strategy
Report shows our gross value add to the A better BT for all of us

economy during FY24 was £22.8bn* and the

estimated boost to the UK’s productivity from | ast year, I said that BT’s strategy was delivering but the world around us

our full fibre network is now expected toreach —_ is moving at pace. That's why we've set out a refreshed and more focused
£72bn by 2030". Put simply: BT is central to strategy for long-term growth, so that by 2030 we will be recognised as the

the UK's future prosperity. trusted force keeping the UK connected. Guided by our purpose to connect for

Thisis a huge responsibility for all good, we will achieve this by focusing on three things:

of us here. But it’s also what makes this
job, and BT, so important and so special.

Progress in the year

In FY25 we delivered strong progress against
ourstrategic priorities, hitting record full fibre
build and connect highs, and seeing EE
awarded the best mobile network fora record

11" year running, recognising EE’s clear We connec or oOo
leadership in 5G. This continued progress in

digital infrastructure contributed to improved

customer satisfaction scores across each of
our brands and business segments. Who we'll become

Why we're here

Although revenue declined year-on-year,
driven mainly by international sales and 1
handsets wemadeastrongstertonourlatet =» TNE UK’s most trusted connector
transformation initiatives - achieving more

than £900m of annualised savings one year

into our five-year programme to remove ;

£3bn. Combined with disciplined cost control How we'll succeed

anda step-up in focus and transformation, we
grew both EBITDA and normalised free cash

flow, despite the lower revenues. This allowed a
ustosustain peak levels of investment and

increase our dividend for FY25 by 2% to 8.16

pence per share.

The continued delivery against our strategic
priorities keeps us on track to reach 30 million
premises with full fibre, and 30 million retail
customers with our full range of connectivity
products and solutions, by the end of the
decade. And we are now only one year away
from our inflection to £2bn of normalised free
cash flow, our target for FY27, and remain on
track to deliver £3bn by the end of the decade.

Connect
Accelerate

I'm pleased with the scale of progress we've
made this past year, and I'm excited about
what's to come. But there’s much more todo,
and | remain impatient to push on harder

and faster.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025

A message from our Chief Executive continued”

BT is currently the largest investor
in UK infrastructure of any company.

listed on the FTSE 100.

|
Build

Building the best, most trusted
digital networks

Since the beginning of this decade, and
soon after | joined the BT Board, we

have been getting on with building the
country's next-generation networks - its
digital backbone - faster, further and more
efficiently than anyone else. Our aim is to
have the lowest cost to build, the lowest
cost to connect, the highest penetration
and the lowest cost of capital.

In 2018, we did not have a full fibre network.
Today, it reaches more than 18m homes and
businesses across the country, of which we've
connected 6.5m, or 36%, and counting.

Enabled by the “fair bet” struck with
our regulator, the investments we're
making mean that in the coming years our
shareholders will be the owners of one of
Europe's best, at-scale, fibre platforms.
One that’s set up to generate significant
value over the decades to come and
underpin both the country’s development
and its economic future.

We know that the more full fibre we build,
the more customers choose to connect. So,
we've decided to increase our build rate in
FY26 by 20%, with an aim to reach up to.
5m premises while continuing to grow our
connection rate by migrating our CPs
(Communication Providers) and their
customers over to the Openreach fibre
platform. This comes as we accelerate
towards our goal of reaching 25m by the
end of next year.

Our mobile network build has been
equally impressive. We expanded our

5G network by 10% during the year,

now covering more than 85% of the
population, and in just eight months since
switching it on, we're offering the full
benefits of 5G Standalone to 50 UK towns
and cities, reaching more than 40% of the
population. These benefits include
uninterrupted outdoor coverage, seamless
in-crowd connectivity and better gaming
and video streaming performance. Our 5G
customer base in Business and Consumer
grew by 15% to 13.2m during the year.

At the heart of the Government's growth
agenda sits the economic prosperity that
our fixed and mobile networks will enable.
In our many interactions with Ministers and
officials, it has been very encouraging to
hear that they recognise the degree to
which our agendas align. And, as Adam
mentions in his letter, we welcomed the
overall tone of stability and predictability in
Ofcom's Telecoms Access Review
launched this year.

As the operator of the country’s most
trusted and resilient networks, we will
continue to work constructively with
Government and Ofcom to protect the
returns our planned investments always
intended - and make them work even
harder for our customers and owners,
society and the economy.

|
Connect

Connecting customers so they
thrive, as we grow, in a digital
world

We are custodians of some of the country’s
most iconic brands: BT, EE, Plusnet and
Openreach. Each has a deep connection
with customers and the communities
where they live and work.

During the year, we upgraded 28 of our
biggest retail stores and we concluded the
UK’s biggest workplace transformation
project, all designed to improve our
customer and employee experience. BT’s
Better Workplace programme has seen us
reduce our office estate from around 300
locations of variable quality to 30 modern
and energising workplaces, with the final
new hubs opening in Sheffield, Dundee
and Manchester.

We were proud to broaden our Emergency
Services Network contract with The Home
Office for a further seven years, and at the
end of the year we saw excellent contract
wins including Defra which will benefit and
impact our financial results in the future.

Strategic report

In our Consumer division, EE launched

the world’s first Wi-Fi 7~enabled routers
(Smart Hub Pro), giving customers access
to ultra-reliable multi-gigabit Wi-Fi
throughout the home, and strengthening
our standing among gamers - some of the
most demanding broadband customers.
Building on this, in the final quarter of

the year we returned our Consumer
broadband customer base to growth for
the first time in three years.

In Business, the launch of 5G Standalone
has meant that we can provide customers
with a dedicated and protected ‘slice’ of
the network for assured performance.
We're exploring this for things like live
on-site news broadcasting and critical
communications at big outdoor gatherings
such as marathons and festivals. We’ve
already seen the impact on small
businesses at busy events, enabling them
to take superfast and reliable card and
phone payments from the crowds of
visitors.

For UK customers with global operations,
we launched our network-as-a-service
platform, Global Fabric. This world-first
allows major organisations to make
changes to their connectivity at lightning
speed, providing people, devices and Al
platforms with flexible connectivity to
apps and data hosted across multiple
cloud providers.

These are just some of the ways that
we're bringing innovations to market so
our customers can enjoy the very best of
digital technology, powered by BT’s
networks.

The combination of our loved brands;
simpler, upgraded products and services;
and our partnerships with the world’s best
technology providers, has enabled us to
stabilise our consumer base this year and
increase the number of customers buying
multiple services from us. These are
important foundations for us to return to
sustained customer and revenue growth in
the coming years.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025

1.2m

Customers migrated off our legacy
public switched telephone network

|
Accelerate

Accelerating our modernisation
to restore leadership in
everything we do

BT needs to radically simplify and
digitalise to enable a major uplift in
customer experience and productivity.

In-line with our sharpened focus on
UK connectivity, we made a number of
non-core divestments, signing two deals
in Ireland to sell our data centres and

our domestic enterprise and wholesale
businesses, and agreeing the sale of our
remaining domestic operations in Italy.

In addition, the separation of our UK

and international B2B operations is well
underway. On international, we now have a
dedicated team laser-focused on business
transformation, completing the roll out of
Global Fabric, portfolio simplification and
cost optimisation - while remaining open
toall options, including partnerships. In
the UK, our dedicated B2B team is leading
a turnaround and return to growth.

Transforming and simplifying our core UK
operations has also continued at pace.
We're migrating customers from legacy,
high-cost fragmented networks and
products to low-touch, automated
software-driven services, powered by data
and Al.

During the year we migrated 1.2m
customers off our legacy public switched
telephone network (PSTN), with 1,200 of
our people across the UK engaged in
targeted outreach to support our more
vulnerable and elderly customers through
this upgrade. We also made good progress
on simplifying our product portfolio, while
simultaneously re-engineering our internal
processes.

Our momentum on simplification and
digitalisation keeps us on track toreduce
our workforce to between 75,000 and
90,000 by the end of the decade. This, and
the other efficiencies we're driving will
allow us to expand margins by growing
EBITDA faster than revenue over the
medium-term.

The improvements we're making in our
business, and the network investments
we're making in the UK, are bringing huge
benefits for our customers across the
nation. We care deeply about ensuring
these benefits are available to everyone —
but we know that where we connect, we
must also protect.

At BT, digital inclusion starts with digital
safety. That means tackling the online
threats and risks our customers face 24/7.
This includes everything we do on cyber
security: from blocking tens of millions of
fraud, spam and nuisance calls and texts, to
stopping two million potential cyber-attacks
‘every day, and staying ahead of increasingly
sophisticated cyber threats using leading-
edge technologies like quantum.

We're also enabling parents to make
the best choices for children entering
the digital world. We were the first to
takea stance, offering clear guidance on
smartphone usage for under- 16-year-
olds, helping ensure they are connected
safely and responsibly.

BT's transformation includes our
commitment to sustainability and ensuring
we play our part in reducing the impact of
climate change, and Adam's already
mentioned the key elements of our climate
transition plan. This year alone, we reduced
energy usage in our networks by 4%.

Strategic report

Our people

BT's incredible people are key to the
success and progress we've made this year. |
would like to thank every one of them for
their ongoing commitment, passion and
pride in what we do.

Aswe strive to achieve our ambition to be
the UK’s most trusted connector of people,
business and society, we are using this

as a catalyst to refresh our culture, with
customers and collaboration at its heart.

Atthe same time, the scale of BT’s
modernisation agenda meansitis essential
we have the right management teamin
place tolead the business and drive growth.

During the year | made three important
hires to my leadership team. Tom Meakin
joined usin the newly created role of Chief
Strategy & Change Officer; Claire Gillies is
the new CEO of our Consumer division; and
Jon James is now the CEO of our UK-
focused Business division. Since the year
end, Alison Wilcox has joined BT as our
Chief People & Culture Officer, and Peter
Leukert will join us in September as our new
Chief Digital Officer. These leaders each
bring experience and skills complementary
to my own and to our strategy, and! am
excited about the team spirit we are
developing as together we build a better
BT.

Confidence in our future

BTis the leading investor in the UK’s
networks; nobody else comes close. We're
building the best full fibre and mobile
networks offering customers the best
connectivity, and we are accelerating our
transformation and modernisation.

These next-generation infrastructure and
technology assets, combined with our iconic
brands and passionate people, are what set
us apart from others and give me total
confidence in our future as we become a
better BT for all of us - our people, our
customers, the country and our owners.

Allison Kirkby

Chief Executive
22 May 2025

BT Group ple Annual Report 2025

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee is chaired
by the Chief Executive. So that there
is a single point of accountability, -
the Chief Executive (or a delegate)
takes all the decisions.

The Executive Committee provides input and
recommendations to help the Chief Executive:
' - develop the group strategy and budget for Board approval
— execute the strategy once the Board approves it
~ agsure the Board on overall performance and how we're i
managing risks. .

Allison Kirkby
Chief Executive
Appointed:

Chief Executive February 2024.
Appointed to the Board March 2019

From May 2020 until becoming BT Group Chief Executive, Allison
was President & CEO of Telia Company. She was previously
President & Group CEO of TOC Group until October 2019, and
President & Group CEO of Tele2 AB from 2015 to 2018, having
been Tele2 AB’s Group CFO from 2014.

Sabine Chalmers
General Counsel, Company
Secretary and Director
Regulatory Affairs

Appointed:

General Counsel April 2018.
Appointed Director Regulatory
Affairs and Company Secretary in May
and September 2021 respectively

Before joining BT Group, Sabine was Chief Legal and Corporate
Affairs Officer and Company Secretary of Anheuser-Busch InBev
for 12 years. She also held various legal leadership roles at Diageo.
Sabine is qualified to practise law in England and Wales and New
York State. She is also a member of the Court of Directors of the
Bank of England.

Strategic report

Simon Lowth
Chief Financial Officer

Appointed:
July 2016

Simon was CFO of 8G Group before the takeover by Royal Dutch
Shell in February 2016. Before that he was CFO of AstraZeneca,
and Finance Director and Executive Director of ScottishPower.
Simon was also previously a Director of McKinsey & Company.

Claire Gillies
CEO, Consumer

Appointed:
April 2025

Claire joined BT Group from Bell Canada, the largest
communications company in Canada. There, she held a variety

of senior leadership roles driving industry-leading results. Most
recently Claire was the President of Bell’s Consumer Division,

and before that the President of Wireless, Earlier in her career,
Claire was the President of The Source, Canada’s largest consumer
electronics retailer. She is also the Vice Chair of Kids Help Phone,

a youth mental health charity and a Fellow of the International
Women's Forum.