Company Number: 4190816

*L892S6Q2*
LDS 05/07/2019 #58

COMPANIES HOUSE

| eee ree.

A message fro
our Chairman

m

We have made good progress on
delivering our strategy, focused
around differentiated customer
experience, our best converged
network, and creating a simple,
lean and agile business.

lam pleased to report that we have

over the last year overcome numerous
challenges to deliver a set of solid financial
results. More importantly, we have made
good progress on delivering our strategy,
focused around differentiated customer
experience, our best converged network,
and creating a simple, lean and agile
business. We have continued to deliver the
vital connectivity and services that families
and businesses in the UK and beyond need
to flourish.

BT has a critical role at the heart of the
UK's digital future, and our substantial
investments in fixed and mobile networks
make an essential contribution. The new
converged propositions we launched this
year are the start of the services of the
future. Within BT we are strengthening
our focus on enabling the digital skills of
our people, customers and communities,
thereby further contributing to the UK's
digital economy.

We will be launching 5Gin 16 cities this
year. We will also increase our investment
in fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP), while
working with the Government and Ofcom
to create the right conditions to go further
and faster. We are pleased with our closer
relationships with these key stakeholders
as we unite around the common goal of
building the UK's FTTP network.

| In May 2018 we agreed the 2017 triennial

| funding valuation for the BT Pension
| Scheme. This allows us to move ahead with

| greater financial certainty.

| Our solid profit and normalised free cash
| flow not only provide the foundation for

investment in our strategic priorities but
allow us to reward shareholders. We are
paying the same dividend as last year at
15,4p per share, We also expect to hold
the dividend unchanged in respect of the
2019/20 financial year given our outlook

| for earnings and cash flow. The Board

| remains committed to our dividend policy,

| which is to maintain or grow the dividend
each year whilst taking into consideration

| a number of factors including underlying

medium term earnings expectations and
levels of business reinvestment (which
would include the consideration of
accelerated FTTP investment).

| Lam satisfied we are making progress

at pace. The coming year will see BT

| continuing its transformation to become

a simplified, lean and agile business.

| Across the business | see a commitment to

streamlining processes, governance and
organisational structures; simplifying lines
of responsibility; and helping people make
better decisions.

i Asa Board, we are leading by example.
| Trecently carried out a review of the

structure, composition and operation
of our committees to speed up decision

| making and improve overall governance.
| Asa result, we have reduced the number

of board committees and clarified lines of
responsibility. Further details are described
in the Governance report on page 55.

| would like to welcome non-executive
directors Matthew Key and Allison Kirkby

| to the Board. They both bring valuable

| business over his 15 years with the company. _
_ Heled BT with vision and dedication through _
| achallenging time and started the necessary —

experience of the communications and
technology sectors.

Gavin Patterson stepped down as chief
executive at the end of January and | would
like to thank him for his contribution to the

process of transforming our business for the
demands of modern society. We wish him

| well for the future.

| | would like to extend a warm welcome

| to our new chief executive Philip Jansen.

| Philipis a proven leader with outstanding
experience in managing large, complex
businesses and has the right combination
of skills and experience to take BT into the
future. Philip has made an excellent start as
chief executive and | am confident that he
will have the full support of all our people as
we embark on the challenging but exciting
next chapter of this areat company,

This is a very important time for BT and
the UK's digital economy. | look forward to
working with Philip and his team as they
develop our strategy and accelerate the
reshaping of BT to deliver future success.

Jan du Plessis
Chairman 024
8 May 201 4 Lh.

(1)%

Profit after tax

£2.2bn +6%

rene 2039,

SCout

A message from

our Chief Executive

| am delighted to be the new
chief executive of BT. We play

an important role in UK society
and provide mission-critical
services all around the world. It is
a privilege to lead such a special
company, with a great history and
avery exciting future. BT creates
value for a large and diverse
group of stakeholders.

My first priority on joining in January was

‘to meet as many BT colleagues as possible,
and | have seen first-hand the energy and
commitment they bring to doing the right
thing by our customers. As we build the BT
of the future, this dedication will be essential
for transforming the company and improving
the service we provide to our customers.

Many of our people talk to customers every
day and can provide great insight into

how they think. The way our customers

see the world and our role in their lives

and businesses is changing. In the coming
year we will focus on developing a better
understanding of what customers value
about BT in each of our market segments.

BT is already making significant investments
in our key markets and we have a very
strong market position, but we need to
invest more in our core areas to drive

future growth. Constant innovation is key
to keeping our business moving forward.
Our increasing investment in fibre and 5G
programmes is vital to our future success.

Our relationship with the UK Government
and Ofcom continues to improve. We're
working in a pragmatic, straightforward
and collaborative way. We want to shape
the regulatory environment so that it

is clear and predictable, enabling BT to

succeed by delivering sustainable value that [
| age. Enabling these skills will help people
| adapt to new ways of working and create
| future customer demand for our products.

reflects what customers and society want.

Our core priorities around customer
experience, building the best converged
network and transforming our operating
model underpin how we will compete and
drive sustainable growth.

Everything we do shauld start with the

aim of delivering a differentiated customer
experience. We are already making
progress with this. We introduced our first
converged products, BT Plus, for consumers
and 4G Assure, for small businesses, which
have seen strong take-up. In the coming
year there will be additional investment to
improve our propositions, offer great value
for money and increase consumer loyalty.

We will also invest to maintain our network
leadership position. We already have the
best mobile and fixed networks and in the
coming year we will launch 5G across 16
UK cities and accelerate our rollout of FTTP.
Although important points still need to be
‘agreed, our dialogue with the Government
and Ofcom is constructive and we are
increasingly confident in the environment
for investment in the UK. As a result we
are increasing our aim of reaching 3 million
homes to 4 million by March 2021 and
15 million by the mid-2020's, subject to
conditions being right.

BT has made progress during the year
‘towards creating a simplified, lean and
more agile business. We will make further
improvements in the coming year to
speed up decision making and the pace

of work, making use of the latest digital
technologies. Our people recognise we are
too complex and want us to go faster in our
transformation. Employee engagement is
high, with a 77% engagement outcome
for colleagues participating in our

recent people survey. The results were
generally encouraging, and demonstrate
our collective desire to embrace the
changes required to make BT a brilliant
place to work and give our customers an
outstanding experience.

1am pleased to see how much our people
contribute to the community and am proud
that BT encourages this work. One area |
want us to really lead on is improving digital
skills—for our colleagues, customers and
families across the UK and well beyond. BT is
uniquely qualified to help people navigate the

Governance
Financilscalemenis
‘dstional information

opportunities and challenges of our digital

We're committed to respecting human and

| digital rights - we launched an overarching
| human rights policy, and we're partnering

with others to combat modern slavery.

We continue to tackle environmental
challenges, having recently announced our
ambition to be a net zero carbon emissions
business by 2045.

BT has delivered solid results for the year,
and this is due to the commitment of our
colleagues. The markets we are in remain
highly competitive and we continue to
expect market dynamics, cost inflation and
legacy product declines and the changing
regulatory environment to impact our
results in the short term, however, we are
confident that our plans will deliver good
returns over the medium term and improve
the quality and performance of the business.

Asa result, for 2019/20, we expect
adjusted revenue to be down around 2%.
This is mainly as a result of the challenging
market conditions, regulatory pressure

in both fixed and mobile markets, and

the ongoing impact from our decision to
de-emphasise lower margin products,
particularly in our enterprise businesses.

Along with the flow through of lower
revenue, we expect our opex investments
to result in Group adjusted EBITDA for
2019/20 being in the range £7.2bn -
£7.3bn. While we will sustain these opex
investments into 2020/21, we continue
to expect Group adjusted EBITDA for
2020/21 to be above that for 2019/20.

Weare raising our reported capital
expenditure guidance (excluding BDUK
clawback) for 2019/20 to be in a range of
£3.7bn- £3.9bn. We expect normalised
free cash flow for 2019/20 to out-turn in
the range £1.9bn - £2.1bn.

| look forward to working alongside our
colleagues to build the new BT andl am
optimistic and energised for the future.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
8 May 2019

qj

BT Group ple ‘Annual Report 2019

About BT

Who we are

We're one of the world’s leading
communications services companies.
We're based in the UK but we serve
customers in 180 countries.

What we do

We develop and sell communications
products and services and build

and operate networks that are

an essential part of modern lives,
businesses and communities.

How we're organised

BT is organised into two types of
units: customer-facing units that sell
products and services and corporate
units that support the whole group.

Financial highlights

Revenue
£23.46 ty
Profit before tax

£2.7 Dn +2%
Basic earnings per share

21.8p +6%

Net cash inflow from
operating activities

£4.35 (ray

o
For more information on our
financial performance see page 34.

‘Atternative performance measures

Change in underlying’ revenue
(0.9)%
Adjusted’ EBITDA

£7. Abn y%
Adjusted? earnings per share

26.3 D (6%

Normalised free
cash flows

£2.4bn (1g

Capital expenditure®
(excluding BDUK clawback}

£3.8bn +8%

‘We asses the performance of the group using a variety of performance measures. These measures ae not all defined
Under IFRS and are therefore termed ‘non-GAAP’ measures, We presenta reconciliation from these non-GAAP
‘measures to the nearest prepared measure in accordance with IFRS on pages 185 to 187. The alternative performance
‘measures we use may not be directly comparable with smiarly tiled measures used by other companies.

* Underlying revenue excludes specific items, foreign exchange movements and disposals.
* items presented as adjusted are stated before specific items. See page 185 for more information.

After net interest paid, before pension deficit payments {including the cash t

---

d, last year we added Google and IBM
to the partners we already support on our
Cloud Connect Platform.

Last year, a BT joint venture was awarded
domestic operating licences within China.
This is a major step towards allowing us to
better serve our multinational customers.

hi, 4 Strat tegic progress fo .
i "oh aaa

re corwerge network ve a oRstrg
8 ong-term, susarnaiie susek, The investments
ne rae an oe Pe rian west

This year we made good progress, which
will continue next year. More of our
customers took up superfast broadband
products and we increased the pace of
our investments in ultrafast.

Ultimately, our ambition is to lead the UK
to 5G. Weare starting to roll out our SG.
network, with 16 UK locations going live in
2019. Weare proud of still being the best
network in the UK for current technologies,
suchas 4G.

We believe fibre is the future fixed connection
‘to homes and we are rolling it out as fast

as possible. We are increasing our aim of
bringing FTTP from three million to four
million properties by the end of March 2021,
and our ambition to go from ten million
properties to 15 million by the mid-2020s,
subject to conditions being right.

To keep us in the lead for mobile, we are
switching 3G signal to 4G and upgrading

4G sites to enable more spectrum and give
customers a better experience. In 2018

we also acquired the spectrum we needed
to start rolling out SG. There is another
spectrum auction happening in Spring 2020
where we expect to bid for more.

Commercial success increasingly depends on
innovation, which is why we invest in research
and development.

Weare constantly looking at new innovations
‘to deploy — like edge computing to cut
network congestion and speed up
application performance,

This year we invested £643m (2017/18:
£632m) in innovation. Over the last decade
we've been one of the largest investors in
innovation in the UK, and globally in the
telecoms sector.

We have a portfolio of more than 5,000
patents and applications, with 103 patents
for inventions filed in 2018/19.

1. Superfast and
ultrafast flore®

We have now rolled out ultrafast fibre to
3.2 million homes and businesses. As part
of the Openreach full fibre rollout, we are
progressing build in 26 locations and in April
announced a further 12 locations to benefit
from FTTP availability. This includes London,
Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, Bristol,
Cardiff, Edinburgh and Liverpool.

Superfast and ultrafast progress around BT

* We have 12.2 million superfast fibre
broadband customers, within our footprint
of 27.5 million covering 86.6% of homes
and businesses.

* Our ultrafast fibre footprint now reaches
more than 3.2 million homes and
businesses.

» EE will offer ultrafast broadband to
customers in summer 2019.

* Weare working with government and
Ofcom on options for a broadband
Universal Service Obligation — to provide
100% of UK homes and businesses with a
minimum speed of 10Mbps by 2020.

2. Current and future
mobile

in August, RootMetrics named EE as the
UK's best network for the fifth year in a row.
Using Ofcom measures, our mobile network
now provides 84% geographic coverage in
the UK. We aim to be the UK's first mobile

provider to offer 5G, launching in 16 busy UK
cities in 2019.

Mobile progress around BT

+ We've switched on SG sites in East London
andare rapidly launching more. We have
also trialled live 5G in Canary Wharf.

We announced a partnership with OnePlus
on SGin the UK. EE will be the first mobile
operator in the world to offer the OnePlus
5Gsmartphone.

We continue to increase capacity on 4G
sites, laying the foundation for our 5G
launch, and we have built more than

350 new 4G sites in the last 12 months
to connect previously unconnected rural
communities.

.

|
|
|

| 3. Network integration

We are bringing together our market-leading
mobile, broadband and wi-fi networks into
one converged, digital network to give
customers seamless connectivity wherever
they go. It will be the first of its kind in the
UK. Itis scheduled for completion in 2022
and when it launches it will signal a new era
of connectivity.

Network integration progress around BT

» EE showcased Hybrid Broadband,
combining mobile and fixed connections
inone service.

EE is the first UK network to support all
major smart home ecosystems - with
partnerships including Google, Apple,
Alexa, Hive and Nest.

We launched broadband with 4G

Assure for SME customers to keep their
broadband running if the fixed connection
is lost. By the end of March 2019 half

of SME broadband sales came with
4GAssure.

We created a team dedicated to partnering
with innovative converged technology
companies to introduce new content,
smartphones and smart home technology.
Since EE launched shared data plans
‘there have been more than three million
data gifts between customers.

.

* Superfast fibre broadband refers to fibre-to-the-cabinet (FTTC). Ultrafast broadband refers to fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) and Gfast.

rangants Commins mel Mra,
Qwerintenaanse

Runscanner tats
Raster tam TART

S.Suetagtecomatag

7%,

67% Rasamai GegeT Te
Aun our sa con oR Reso TESTE
amttbanr tp REP share

To transform our business we need a simpler,
flatter and more modern organisational
structure. This means having broader, more
accountable roles; fewer job levels; market-
aligned pay; and clearer career paths that
support individuals’ development.

Last year we committed to reshaping our
workforce by reducing roles in the UK and
overseas by 13,000 over the next three
years, with a focus on senior and middle
management roles and by getting smarter
about how we operate.

Weare on track against our restructuring
plans with reductions in senior management
balanced with hiring in our front lines —
engineers and contact centres. This includes
hiring more apprentices into Openreach to
resource our integrated network and fibre
rollout programmes.

In contact centres, we are recruiting more
people to help improve the experience of our
customers when they get in touch with us.
Balancing the reductions in management
roles with the increases in contact centre and
engineering roles will leave a net reduction of
around 7,000 roles by March 2021.

We are working with our people to ensure
those affected by changes are supported
through the change process.

We are one of the biggest private sector
recruiters of apprentices in the UK by a
significant margin. We are also popular —
last year there were 63,000 apprentice
applications for almost 4,000 places.

We aim to reshape our workplaces to make
working for BT feel more like working for a
modem technology company. We have started
to

---

ented as adjusted are stated before specific items. See page 185 for more information.

After net interest paid, before pension deficit payments {including the cash tax benefit of pension

deficit payments} and specific items.

* ADMINS to property, plant and equipment and software in the period less proceeds from disposals.

-——

BT Group ple

‘Annual Report 2019

(Steategicreport

Governance
Financial statements
“Additional information

Our customer-facing units

Consumer

Across our three brands — BT, EE and
Plusnet—we connect customers to
information, entertainment, friends
and family, at home and on the move.

. Between them, the three brands serve
the whole of the UK, providing mobile,
broadband, home phone and TV services.
We buy access to fixed-line and broadband
infrastructure from Openreach, and we
use EE’s mobile network to provide mobile
phone services.

Led by

} Marc Allera

CEO, Consumer

Enterprise

We sell communications and IT services to
businesses and public sector organisations
in the UK and Ireland. We also provide
network products and services to
communications providers operating in
Great Britain. We're focused on four main
product markets: fixed voice, mobile,
converged connectivity and networked

IT services.

Led by
Gerry McQuade
CEO, Enterprise

External revenue External revenue
£10,588m +3% £5,933m (4)%
Percentage of Percentage of

group revenue

45%

OQ

Global Services

Weare a leading enterprise
communications provider, serving
enterprise customers in 180 countries.
We provide managed network and
IT infrastructure services, enabling

customers’ digital transformations.

group revenue

‘
25% O

Openreach

We build and operate the fixed network
that connects the UK's homes and
businesses. We are responsible for
providing wholesale ‘last mile’ fixed access
from premises to exchanges, and installing
and maintaining the fibre and copper
communications networks.

Led by
Bas Burger Led by
CEO, Global Services Clive Selley

CEO, Openreach
External revenue External revenue
£4,735m (6)% £2,200m (3)%
Percentage of Percentage of

group revenue

20%

O

group revenue

10%

©

Our corporate units

Strategy and Transformation
We are responsible for developing and
setting corporate, network and product
strategies for the group. We also drive
pan-BT transformation programmes.

Led by

Michael Sherman.

Chief strategy

and transformation officer

Technology

We are responsible for designing,
building and operating BT's core and
mobile networks, platforms and IT
systems in the UK and globally. We also
work with the customer-facing units
to develop and roll out products and
services for their customers.

Led by

Howard Watson

Chief technology

and information officer

Corporate functions

The remaining corporate units carry out
central activities on behalf of the group.
We benefit from shared expertise and
economies of scale. They include: Finance,
HR, Legal and Company Secretarial,
Compliance, Corporate Affairs, Property,
Facilities, Procurement, Regulatory Affairs
and Group Business Services.

6

BYGroup ple

Aamualfeper. 2029 _

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee
provides input and
recommendations

to support the chief
executive in exercising
the authority delegated
by the Board to run the
business of the group
day-to-day. It meets
weekly and Is chaired by
the chief executive.

The Executive Committee

assists the chief executive in:

e developing the group
strategy and budget for
the Board's approval

e executing the strategic plan
once agreed by the Board

* providing assurance to the
Board in relation to overall
performance and risk
management.

All decisions are taken by
the chief executive, or his
delegate, in keeping with
the principle of single point
accountability.

Philip Jansen

| Chief executive
| Appointed as chief executive in February 2019
| and on the Board since January 2019.

|| Philip joined BT from Worldpay where he had

been CEO since April 2013. Before that he
was CEO and then chairman at Brakes Group
between 2010 and 2015. Philip spent the
previous six years at Sodexo where he was group
chief operating officer and chief executive,
Europe, South Africa and India. Prior to that he
was chief operating officer at MyTravel Group
from 2002 to 2004 and managing director of
Telewest Communications (now Virgin Media)
from 2000 to 2002, after starting his career at
Procter & Gamble.

Simon Lowth
Chief financial officer

Appointed to the Board as chief financial officer
in July 2016.

‘Simon was CFO and executive director of

BG Group before the takeover by Royal Dutch
Shell in February 2016. Previously Simon was
CFO and an executive director of AstraZeneca,
and finance director and executive director of
‘ScottishPower. Prior to that, Simon was a director
of McKinsey & Company.

Gerry McQuade

CEO, Enterprise

Appointed CEO, Wholesale and Ventures in March
2016 and became CEO, Enterprise in May 2018.
Gerry was formerly chief sales and marketing
officer at EE responsible for the business,
wholesale and product development areas which
he had overseen since the merger in 2010 of
Orange and T-Mobile. He joined the board of
Orange in January 2008, and prior to Orange

he was a founding director of Virgin Mobile.

Howard Watson

Chief technology and information officer
Appointed February 2016.

Howard was formerly chief architect and
managing director, global IT systems and led the
technical teams behind the launch of BT Sport
in 2013.

Howard joined BT in 2011 and has 30 years

of telecoms experience having spent time at
Telewest Communications (now Virgin Media)
and Cartesian, a telecommunications consultancy
and software company.

Marc Allera

CEO, Consumer

Appointed February 2016 as CEO, EE and
became CEO, Consumer in September 2017.
Marc was previously chief commercial officer for
EE from 2011 to 2015. Marc spent ten years
at Three UK as sales and marketing director and
subsequently chief commercial officer. Prior to
that, Marc was general manager of Sega UK
and Europe.

Ed Petter

Corporate affairs director

Appointed November 2016,

Ed was formerly deputy director of corporate
affairs at Lloyds Banking Group. Prior to that he
held corporate affairs roles at McDonald's Europe,
McKinsey & Company and the Blue Rubicon
communications consultancy, having previously
worked as a news producer and editor at the BBC.

Alison Wilcox

HR director

Appointed July 2015.

Alison was formerly regional HR director for
Vodafone Europe and before that, regional HR
director for Vodafone's Africa, Middle East and
Asia Pacific footprint. Alison joined Vodafone in,
2006 as group direct

---

ur pensions
are fair, flexible and affordable for all
members and also helps manage our future
risks and costs.

The BT Pension Scheme (BTPS) triennial
valuation process ran in 2017/18. In

_ 2018/19 we concluded our UK Pensions
Review, agreeing the closure of Sections

Band C of the BTPS to future accrual with
members moving into the BT Retirement
Saving Scheme (BTRSS).

i)

For further information on our pension
scheme, see page 145.

— Communities

Our communications products,
services, networks and people
are vital to the communities in
which we operate. Our place at

_ the heart of so many communities
| also makes it important that our

business practices are ethical. and

_ transparent.

| Our total investment in society in 2018/19

was £28.7m-0.83% of adjusted profit

| before tax. Although this was below our

We support our people through retirement.
savings plans, employee share schemes and
country-specific benefits. |

Volunteering

This year, we took the decision to no longer
focus purely on the proportion of our people
who volunteer, which is why the volunteering
participation rate dropped to 26%. Instead
we will refocus our volunteering efforts on
digital skills —the area we think will deliver
the greatest impact for the UK and BT.

In the year ahead we'll develop a new target,
that better reflects the impact and growing
contribution our people are making through
volunteering. As an example, this year just

programmes and helping young people
prepare for the world of work.

| target of 1%, we remain committed to the
| target and have invested £194.9m at an

average of 1.02% over the last five years.

Going forward, this investment will mainly

| be directed towards digital skills. This has led

‘to some difficult decisions, like the closure
of our fundraising platform, MyDonate, in

| June 2019.

| Introduced in 201.1, MyDonate was the

UK’s first fee-free platform, but there are
Now many other providers in the market.

_ We're proud of what we achieved, helping

raise more than £400m over the last nine
years. But it is now time to lead in another

__ important area for the UK. Our work with

| charities and other partners will increasingly
| focus on digital skills. We will continue to

| report on our ambition to use our skills and

_ technology to generate more than £1bn for

| good causes by 2020, but it will no longer
_ bea business priority. Since 2012/13, we've

used our technology and expertise to help
generate more than £646m for good causes,
including £109m this year.

Digital skills

The UK faces a major digital skills challenge
and we are in a unique position to help .
tackle this. We are fundamental to the UK's
ambition to be a leading digital economy.

We take our responsibilities very seriously —
investing in nurturing the skills needed by
everyone to flourish in the digital world.

Doing so serves a number of our stakeholders
as well as creating the potential for future
demand for our products and helping us to
adapt our workforce.

We're increasing our efforts with a major
Push to encourage and equip our customers
and communities to upgrade their digital
skills and capabilities.

To reflect our ambition in this important
area, we have set a target to reach ten million
People in the UK with digital skills training

by 2025. This supersedes our existing target
(to help ten million people overcome social
disadvantage through the benefits our
products and services can bring) with a more
focused and measurable programme.

This new target builds on our existing
investment in young people. in a world
where life and work increasingly depend on
technology, giving today’s school children the
right skills will be critical to their success.

Barefoot Computing, our partnership with
BCS, the Chartered Institute for IT, operates
in around 60% of UK primary schools and
helps young people (aged five to 11) develop
their computational thinking skills as part of
the computer curriculum. BT volunteers have
helped to train more than 70,000 teachers.
Through them, Barefoot has reached more
than two million children since 2014.

BT has become the first strategic partner

of the new National Centre for Computing
Education (NCCE). This initiative from the
Department for Education is designed to
improve the reach and quality of computing
teaching across England. Among other
things, we'll be bringing Barefoot to the
heart of the NCCE’s offer for primary schools.

Championing human and digital rights
We're committed to respecting everyone's
basic rights and freedoms - both online and
offline. The nature of what we do means we
must protect customers from online harm,
safeguard their privacy and security and
support their right to free expression. Our
Digital Impact & Sustainability Committee, a
board committee, oversees our human and
digital rights programme.

| We want to lead the way in tackling modern
| Slavery through technology. This year we

| including Amazon, Vodafone, AT&T,
| Microsoft, Nokia, Salesforce and anti-

| the UK Modern Slavery Helpline through a

| We collaborate on privacy and free expression
| challenges through the Global Network

This year we launched a new overarching i
human rights policy, and reported on modern
slavery, privacy and freedom of expression.

We comply with the Modern Slavery Act and

| follow international standards on human

| rights, such as the International Labour

| Organisations Principles and the UN Guiding

| Principles on Business and Human Rights.

We have contractual standards on working

| conditions to avoid forced labour. We also

| have processes in place to assess the risks of
our suppliers not meeting these conditions.

| We work with EcoVadis and the Responsible

| Business Alliance to inform our assessments.

_ Wewill follow up with our suppliers on any

_ improvements needed. For higher risk sites of

trafficking experts, to work together on | concern, we go to see the working conditions

the challenge. We also partnered with the | for ourselves.

UK charity Unseen to extend the reach of a

For more information on human and digital
rights, see btplc.com /digitalimpact and
| sustainability/humanrights/modernslavery

Initiative.

co-founded and launched Tech Against
Trafficking, a coalition of organisations

smartphone app.

26
BTGroup ple

| Our stakeholders continued

The environment

Our products, supply chain and
operations all have an impact on
the environment. We are taking
@ leadership role in tackling
climate change and have a target
to become a ‘net zero’ carbon
emissions business by 2045.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Cha