1

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
_________________________
FORM 20-F
(Mark One)
☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Or
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 
Or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Or
☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Date of event requiring this shell company report 
For the transition period from                  to                  
Commission File Number: 001-31368 
_______________________________
Sanofi 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
N/A 
(Translation of registrant’s name into English)
France 
(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
46, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75017 Paris, France
(Address of principal executive offices)
________________________
Roy Papatheodorou , Executive Vice President, General Counsel
46, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75017 Paris, France. Tel: + 33 1 53 77 40 00
(Name, 
Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)
________________________
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
American Depositary Shares, each representing one half 
of one ordinary share, par value €2 per share SNY NASDAQ Global Select Market
Ordinary shares, par value €2 per share * NASDAQ Global Select Market*
Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered:
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
The number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of December 31, 2025 was:
Ordinary shares: 1,219,427,096
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☒ No ☐.
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    Yes ☐  No ☒.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the preceding 12  months (or  for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)  has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒  No ☐.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).   
   Yes ☒  No ☐.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See 
definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” or “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected 
not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
(1) provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act.   ☐
(1)  The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting 
Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared 
or issued its audit report  ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the 
filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation 
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
International Financial Reporting Standards
U.S. GAAP ☐ as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒ Other ☐
If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected 
to follow. Item 17.   ☐                  Item 18.   ☐
If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒. 
*Not for trading but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such ordinary shares.

Presentation of financial 
and other information 
The consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on Form  20-F have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with 
IFRS as endorsed by the 
European Union (EU), as of December 31, 2025
. 
Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms “Sanofi,” the “Company,” the “Group,” “we,” “our,” or “us” 
refer to Sanofi and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
All references herein to “United  States” or “US” are to the United  States of America, references to “dollars” or “$” are to the 
currency of the United States, references to “France” are to the Republic of France, and references to “euro” and “€” are to the 
currency of the European Union member states (including France) participating in the European Monetary Union. 
As of the date of this annual report on Form 20-F, all commercial trademarks mentioned here are protected, and are trademarks 
of Sanofi and/or its subsidiaries, with the exception of: 
• trademarks used or that may be or have been used under license by Sanofi and/or its affiliates; 
• trademarks sold by Sanofi and/or its affiliates to a third party; and 
• other third party trademarks. 
Not all trademarks related to products under development have been authorized as of the date of this annual report by the 
relevant health authorities. 
The data relating to market shares and ranking information for medicines and vaccines, in particular as presented 
in 
“Item 4. Information on the Company — B.  Business Overview — B.5.  Markets — B.5.1.  Marketing and distribution,” are based 
primarily on sales data excluding vaccines and in con
stant
 euros (unless otherwise indicated) on a September  2025 moving 
annual total (MAT) basis. The data are primarily from an IQVIA local sales audit, supplemented by country-specific sources. 
Product indications described in this annual report are composite summaries of the major indications approved in the product’s 
principal markets. Not all indications are necessarily available in each of the markets in which the products are approved. The 
summaries presented herein for the purpose of financial reporting do not substitute for careful consideration of the full labeling 
approved in each market.
Cautionary statement regarding 
forward-looking statements 
This annual report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law, including 
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. We may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in 
our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 6-K, in our annual report to shareholders, in our offering 
circulars and prospectuses, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by our officers, directors or 
employees to third parties. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
• projections of operating revenues, net income, business net income, earnings per share, business earnings per share, capital 
expenditures, cost savings, restructuring costs, positive or negative synergies, dividends, capital structure or other financial 
items or ratios; 
• statements of our profit forecasts, trends, business strategies, plans, objectives or goals, including those relating to products, 
clinical studies, regulatory approvals and competition; and 
• statements about our future events and economic performance or that of France, the United States or any other countries in 
which we operate. 
Words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “can,” “contemplate,” “could,” “plan,” “expect,” “intend,” “is designed to,” “may,” “might,” 
“potential,” “objective,” "attempt," “target,” “estimate,” “project,” "strategy," "strive," "desire," “predict,” “forecast,” “ambition,” 
“guideline,” "seek," “should,” “will,” "goal," or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-
looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with, for 
example, the regulatory, economic, financial and competitive environment, including authorities’ decisions regarding whether 
and when to approve a product candidate, political pressure in the United States to mandate lower drug prices including “most 
favored nation” pricing for State Medicaid programs, and other factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
These risks, uncertainties and assumptions include risk factors, which could also affect future results and cause actual results to 
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements, and which include those discussed under “Item 3. Key 
Information — D. Risk Factors.” Additional risks that are unknown at this time or that are currently considered immaterial by the 
Group, may have the same unfavorable effect and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this annual report will prove to be 
accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the 
significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or 
warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. Moreover, 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than required by law, we do not undertake any 
obligation to update them in light of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. These 
forward-looking statements are based upon information, assumptions and estimates available to us as of the date of this annual 
report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or 
incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all 
potentially available relevant information. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue 
reliance on any forward-looking statements contained herein. 
You should read this annual report and the documents that we reference in this annual report and have filed as exhibits 
completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify 
all of our forward-looking statements by these statements.
Abbreviations 
Principal abbreviations used in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 
ADR American Depositary Receipt 
ADS American Depositary Share 
AFEP Association française des entreprises privées (French 
Association of Large Companies) 
AI Artificial In
telligence 
AMF Autorité des marchés financiers (the French market 
regulator) 
ANDA Abbreviated New Drug Application 
BLA Biologic License Application 
BMS Bristol-Myers Squibb 
CEO Chief Executive Officer 
CER Constant exchange rates 
CGU Cash generating unit 
CHMP Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use 
COPD Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease 
COVALIS Sanofi committee for internal occupational exposure 
limits (Comité des Valeurs Limites Internes Sanofi) 
CSR Corporate Social Respon
sibility 
CVR Contingent value right 
EFPIA European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and 
Associations 
EMA European Medicines Agency 
ERT Enzyme Replacement Therapy 
EU European Union 
FCF Free cash flow 
FDA US Food and Drug Administration 
GAVI Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation 
GBU Global Business Unit 
GenAI Generative artificial intelligence 
GERS 
Groupement pour l'Élaboration et la Réalisation de 
Statistiques (French pharmaceutical industry statistics 
partnership) 
GHG Greenhouse gas 
GLP-1 Glucagon-like peptide-1 
GMP Good manufacturing practices 
Hib Hemophilus influenzae type b 
HSE Health, Safety and Environment 
IASB International Accounting Standards Board 
IFRIC International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee
 
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards 
IPV Inactivated polio vaccine 
IRA US Inflation Reduction Act 
ISIN International Securities Identification Number 
J-MHLW Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare 
LoE Loss of Exclusivity 
LSD 
MEDEF
MFN 
Lysosomal storage disorder 
Mouvemen
t des entreprises de France (French business 
confederation) 
Most Favored Nat
ion (US) 
mRNA
 messenger RNA 
MS 
NASDAQ
NDA 
Multiple sclerosis 
National Association of Securities Dealers Aut
omated 
Quotations 
New Drug Application 
NYSE New York Stock Exchange
 
ODD 
OECD
PBM 
Orphan Drug Designat
ion 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development 
Pharmacy Benefit Manager 
PhRM
A Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
 
PMDA Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (Japan) 
PTE Patent Term Extension 
QIV Quadrivalent influenza vaccine 
R&D Research and development 
RSV Respiratory Syncytial Virus 
SA So
ciété anonyme (French public limited corporation) 
SEC
 US Securities and Exchange Commission 
SPC 
TRIBIO
TSR 
Supplementary Protection Certificate 
Sanofi Committee for Biological Risk Prevention 
(Biosafety, Biosecurity, Biosurveillance) 
Total shareholder ret
urn 
UNICEF United Nations Children’s Emergency Fund
 
US United States of America 
WHO World Health Organization

[THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART I 1 
Item 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS 
1
Item 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED 
TIMETABLE 
1
Item 3. KEY INFORMATION 1 
A. Selected Financial Data 1 
B. Capitalization and Indebtedness 1 
C. Reasons for Offer and Use of Proceeds 1 
D. Risk Factors 1 
Item 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 17 
A. History and Development 
of the Company 
17 
B. Business Overview 18 
C. Organizational Structure 52 
D. Property, Plant and Equipment 53 
E. R&D Appendices 56 
Item 4.A UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 58 
Item 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
AND PROSPECTS 
58 
A. Operating results 58 
B. Liquidity and Capital Resources 76 
C. Research and development, patents 
and licenses, etc. 
81 
D. Trend information 81 
E. Critical accounting estimates 81 
Item 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
AND EMPLOYEES 
82 
A. Directors and Senior Management 82 
B. Compensation 114 
C. Board Practices 138 
D. Employees 145 
E. Share Ownership 147 
F. Disclosure of action to recover 
erroneously awarded compensation 
149 
Item 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED 
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
150 
A. Major Shareholders 150 
B. Related Party Transactions 151 
C. Interests of Experts and Counsel 151 
Item 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 152 
A. Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Other Financial Information 
152 
B. Significant Changes 154 
Item 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING 155 
A. Offer and Listing Details 155 
B. Plan of Distribution 155 
C. Markets 155 
D. Selling Shareholders 155 
E. Dilution 155 
F. Expenses of the Issue 155 
Item 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 156 
A. Share Capital 156 
B. Memorandum and Articles 
of Association 
156 
C. Material Contracts 160 
D. Exchange Controls 160 
E. Taxation 160 
F. Dividends and Paying Agents 164 
G. Statement by Experts 164 
H. Documents on Display 165 
I. Subsidiary Information 165 
J. Annual Report to Security Holders 165 
Item 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
166 
Item 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER 
THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 
169 
PART II 171 
Item 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES 
AND DELINQUENCIES 
171 
Item 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO 
THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
171 
Item 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 172 
Item 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 173 
Item 16B. CODE OF ETHICS 173 
Item 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS’ FEES 
AND SERVICES 
173 
Item 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING 
STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES 
173 
Item 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED 
PURCHASERS 
174 
Item 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING 
ACCOUNTANT 
174 
Item 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 175 
Item 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 176 
Item 16I. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN 
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT 
INSPECTIONS 
176 
Item 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES 176 
Item 16K. CYBERSECURITY 177 
PART III 179 
Item 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 179 
Item 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 179 
Item 19. EXHIBITS 179
Part I 
ITEM 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers 
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers 
N/A 
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable 
N/A 
Item 3. Key Information 
A. Selected financial data 
N/A 
B. Capitalization and indebtedness 
N/A 
C. Reasons for offer and use of proceeds 
N/A 
D. Risk factors 
Important factors that could cause actual financial, business, research, or operating results to differ materially from expectations 
are disclosed in this annual report, including without limitation the following risk factors. Investors should carefully consider all the 
information set forth in the following risk factors and elsewhere in this document before deciding to invest in any of the 
Company’s securities. In addition to the risks listed below, we may be subject to other material risks that as of the date of this 
report are not currently known to us or that we deem immaterial at this time. 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters 
Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 
Product liability is a significant risk for any pharmaceutical company, given that liability claims relating to our industry are 
unforeseeable by nature. The evolving regulatory environment worldwide (the ever-more stringent regulatory requirements 
applicable to the pharmaceutical industry, plus more stringent data, quality, and supply obligations) clearly impacts our potential 
liability, and we may incur different liability claims to what we have handled in the past, in terms of their nature, scope, and level. 
For a description of the regulatory environment in which we operate, 
refer to 
“Item 4. In
formation on the Company - B. Business 
Overview - B.5
.3. Regulatory framework.” Substantial damages have been awarded by some jurisdictions and/or settlements 
agreed – notably in the United States and other common law jurisdictions – against pharmaceutical companies based on claims 
for injuries allegedly caused using their products. Such claims can also lead to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, 
and/or be accompanied by consumer fraud claims by customers, third-party payers seeking reimbursement of the cost of the 
product and/or other claims, including potential civil or criminal governmental actions. 
We 
are currently defending several product liability claims (see Note D.22.a. to our consolidated financial statements included at 
Item  18. of 
this annual report) notably with respect to Taxotere, Zantac, Talc products, and Depakine, and there can be no 
assurance that we will be successful in defending these claims, or that we will not face additional claims in the future. 
Establishing the full side effect profile of a pharmaceutical drug goes beyond data derived from preapproval clinical studies 
which may 
only involve several hundred to several thousand patients. Routine review and analysis of the continually growing 
body of post-marketing safety data and clinical studies provide additional information – for example, potential evidence of rare, 
population-specific, or long-term adverse events or of drug interactions that were not observed in preapproval clinical studies. 
This causes labeling to evolve over time following interactions with regulatory authorities, which may include restrictions of 
therapeutic indications, new contraindications, warnings, or precautions and occasionally even the suspension or withdrawal of a 
marketing authorization. Following any of these events, pharmaceutical companies can face significant product liability claims. 
Furthermore, we commercialize several devices (some of which use new technologies) which, if they malfunction, could cause 
unexpected damage and lead to product liability claims (see also “ — Breaches of data security, disruptions of information 
technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business, or reputational harm” 
below). 
PART I 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025 1
Although we continue to insure a portion of our product liability with third-party carriers, product liability coverage is increasingly 
difficult and costly to obtain, particularly in the United States. In the future, it is possible that self-insurance may become the sole 
commercially reasonable means available for managing the financial risk associated with product liability in our pharmaceuticals 
and vaccines businesses 
(s
ee “Item 4. — B.8. Ins
urance and risk coverage”). In cases where we self-insure, the legal costs that we 
would bear for handling such claims, and potential damage awards to be paid to claimants, could have a negative impact on our 
financial condition. Due to insurance conditions, even when we have insurance coverage, recoveries from insurers may not be 
totally successful due to market-driven insurance limitations and exclusions. Moreover, insolvency of an insurer could affect our 
ability to recover claims on policies for which we have already paid a premium. 
Product
 liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of our defense, are costly, divert management’s 
attent
ion, may harm our reputation, and can impact the demand for our medicines or vaccines and generate speculative news 
flows and/or rumors relating to such claims. Substantial product liability claims could materially adversely affect our business, 
results of operations and financial condition, and/or may have an impact on market perception of our company and negatively 
affect our stock price. 
Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, 
pricing, human rights of workers and other legal matters could adversely affect our business, 
results of operations and financial condition 
Our industry is heavily regulated and legal requirements vary from country to country, and new requirements are imposed on our 
industry from time to time. Governments and regulatory authorities around the world have been strengthening implementation 
and enforcement activities in recent years, including in relation to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and ethical requirements with 
respect to medical and scientific research, interactions with healthcare professionals and payers, and respect for the human 
rights of workers. 
We have adopted a Code of Conduct that requires employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the 
specific principles 
and rules of conduct set forth in the Code. We also have policies and procedures designed to help ensure that 
we, our officers, employees, agents, intermediaries and other third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations (including 
but not limited to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the UK Bribery Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, the 
French Anti-Corruption measures law (Sapin  II), the French duty of vigilance law and other anti-bribery laws and regulations). 
Notwithstanding these efforts, failure to comply with laws and regulations (including because of a business partner’s breach) may 
occur and could result in liabilities for us and/or our management. 
Sanofi and certain of its subsidiaries could become the subject of investigations or proceedings by various government entities or 
could face audits and/or litigation, including allegations of corruption, claims related to employment matters, patent and 
intellectual property disputes, consumer law claims and/or competition law and tax audits. We are currently the target of several 
lawsuits relating to pricing and marketing practices (including, for example, “whistleblower” and 340B drug pricing program 
litigation in the United States), which we are vigorously defending. With respect to tax issues, the complexity of the fiscal 
environment is such that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments that are greater or less than the 
provisions we have booked. See 
“Item  8.  Financial Information —  A.  Information on Legal or Arbitration Proceedings” and 
Note  D.22. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item  18. of this annual report. In addition, responding to such 
investigations is costly and may divert management’s attention from our business. 
Un
favorable outcomes in any of these matters, or in similar matters that may arise in the future, could preclude the 
commercialization of our medicines and vaccines, harm our reputation, negatively affect the profitability of existing medicines 
and vaccines and subject us to substantial fines, punitive damages, penalties and injunctive or administrative remedies, possible 
reputational harm, potential imposition of additional regulatory controls, monitoring or self-reporting obligations, or exclusion 
from government reimbursement programs or markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results 
of operations or financial condition. 
The unpredictability of these proceedings could lead Sanofi, after consideration of all relevant factors, to enter into settlement 
agreements to settle certain claims. Such settlements may involve significant monetary payments and/or potential criminal 
penalties, may include admissions of wrongdoing and may require entering into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA), a 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement or similar agreement (in the United States or elsewhere), agreements intended to regulate 
company behavior for a specified number of years. 
Our business activities are subject to extensive and significant government legislation and regulations, 
compliance with which is often costly. Our business, results of operations and/or financial condition 
could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with them, obtain and maintain the required approvals, 
anticipate legal changes or developments and/or adapt to changes in applicable law 
All aspects of our business, including research and development, manufacturing, marketing, reimbursement, pricing, and sales, 
are subject to extensive legislation and governmental regulation (see also "—Research, clinical development and regulatory 
approval processes present significant risks to our pipeline success and portfolio renewal" below). 
Compliance with applicable legislation and regulations has been and may be costly, and such costs may increase in future. For 
example, post marketing regulatory requirements have increased the costs associated with maintaining marketing authorizations. 
To monitor our compliance with applicable law, the FDA, EMA, WHO and comparable national agencies in other jurisdictions 
routinely conduct regulatory inspections of our facilities, distribution centers, commercial activities, and development centers 
(including hospitals), the number of which will increase in the context of new product launches, and such agencies may identify 
potential deficiencies that we must adequately address. More generally, if we fail to adequately respond to regulatory inspection 
observations identified during an inspection or fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements (including within the 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
2 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025
targeted timeline), we could be subject to enforcement, remedial and/or other actions by the FDA (such as warning letter, 
injunction, seizure or cease and desist order), the EMA or other regulatory authorities, and we may also ultimately face potential 
supply continuity consequences. For example, in January 2025 the FDA issued an inspection-related warning letter related to 
certain GMP practices at our Framingham facility. 
The evolving regulatory environment presents significant operational challenges across multiple jurisdictions. In the European 
Union (EU) the increasing fragmentation of national law due to potentially inconsistent transposition of EU directives into EU 
member state national law may result in complex compliance burdens, delayed market access, and heightened operational costs 
across the environmental, data protection, and pharmaceutical domains, which would make operating in Europe more costly and 
slower than in other regions. Concurrently, the dynamic changes in the US regulatory and policy landscape coupled with 
institutional changes, including shifts in US vaccine policy, at regulatory agencies under the Department of Health and Human 
Services (such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and FDA) may lead to uncertainties with changing expectations 
from the authorities, including revisiting certain previous decisions approving medicines or vaccines. Significant changes in 
expectations, regulations and regulatory guidance could adversely impact our timelines for product approvals, regulatory 
processes and potentially our ability to bring critical medicines or vaccines to patients in a timely manner. 
For example, the pharmaceutical industry has experienced challenges due to the implementation of the new European Union 
regulation
s for Medical Devices (EU MDR) and for In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices (IVDR), which entered into force in May 2021 and 
May 2022, respectively. In October 2024, the European Parliament adopted a resolution for a revision of these regulations with a 
view to addressing challenges, in particular obstacles associated with the implementation of the EU MDR and IVDR; however, the 
outcome of that resolution is uncertain at this stage. 
More broadly, govern
ment disruptions (including shutdowns, furloughed workers, reduced or frozen federal funding, the 
medium- and long-term impacts thereof, or the de-prioritization of essential regulatory functions such as marketing application 
reviews, facility inspections, safety monitoring, and routine health authority support) pose substantial risks to availability of 
governmental authorities and approval schedules, ultimately threatening timely patient access to essential medicines and 
vaccines across affected markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial 
condition. 
In addition, we have an obligation to monitor and report adverse events and safety signals. To comply with these duties, we must 
regularly t
rain our employees and certain third parties (such as external sales forces and distributor employees) on regulatory 
matters, including on pharmacovigilance. If we fail to train these people, or fail to train them appropriately, or if they do not 
comply with regulatory and contractual requirements, we may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not reported, or not 
reported in a timely manner, in breach of our reporting obligations. 
For information about risks related to changes (i) in proprietary rights rules and regulations, see “— We rely on our patents and 
oth
er proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our medicines and vaccines. If such patents and other 
rights were limited, invalidated, or circumvented, our  financial  results could be adversely affected” below; and (ii) in 
environmental rules and regulations, see “—Management of the historical contamination related to our past industrial activities 
could adversely impact our results of operations and reputation” below. 
In addition, changes in applicable laws and the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect 
on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
Changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or exposures to additional tax liabilities around the world could 
negatively impact our operating results. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or 
benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted or becomes effective. As a 
result of the 2024 presidential and legislative elections in the United States, changes to applicable laws and regulations that have 
been announced, proposed, and/or adopted, or could be made or expanded in the future, may result in new or expanded trade 
restrictions by the United States and/or other countries, including, but not limited to, tariffs or import taxes being applied to 
imported goods and services which could affect our operations and our exports into the United States. For example, the One Big 
Beautiful Bill Act was signed into law on July 4, 2025 and made significant changes to US federal income tax laws, including, 
among other things, the reintroduction of immediate expensing of domestic research and development expenditures, the 
restoration of 100% bonus depreciation and changes to the limitation on business interest expense deductions. Other countries 
may implement trade restrictions and/or retaliatory measures as well. Any such trade restrictions or measures could affect our 
operations, our exports into the United States and other countries and/or our supply chains. Further significant modifications to 
tax legislation are also expected in some of the markets where we operate, such as France and the United States. All these 
elements could negatively impact our business, results or operations and/or financial condition. 
Furthermore, most of the jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide 
a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues and capital gains. However, the outcome of those 
mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims can in some circumstances be uncertain and can be expected to be 
very lengthy. Provisions for tax contingencies are made based on experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about 
potential actions by tax authorities. However, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax 
matter may result in payments materially different from the amounts accrued. 
We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain 
of our medicines and vaccines. If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated, or 
circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected 
Through patent and other proprietary rights, such as data exclusivity or supplementary protection certificates in Europe, we hold 
exclusivity rights for several of our research-based medicines and vaccines. However, the protection that we can obtain varies in 
its duration and scope. Furthermore, patents and other proprietary rights do not always provide effective protection for our 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025 3
medicines and vaccines. We cannot be certain that we will obtain adequate patent protection for new medicines and vaccines 
and technologies in important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated. 
For example, governmental authorities are increasingly looking to facilitate generic and biosimilar competition for existing 
medicines and vaccines through new regulatory proposals intended to achieve, or resulting in, changes to the scope of patent or 
data exclusivity rights and using accelerated regulatory pathways for generic and biosimilar approvals. At the EU level, the 
proposed wide-ranging revision of the general pharmaceutical legislation may pose downside risks to innovation and 
competitiveness in Europe, primarily due to amendments to regulatory exclusivities, the reduction of intellectual property (IP) 
protections, and a stricter incentives framework for orphan medicinal products (OMPs). Such regulatory proposals could 
adversely affect product exclusivity periods and otherwise make commercialization in the EU more burdensome. 
Moreover, manufacturers of generics and biosimilars are increasingly seeking to challenge patent validity or coverage before the 
patent
s expire, and manufacturers of biosimilars or interchangeable versions of the medicines are seeking to have their version 
approved before the exclusivity period ends. Furthermore, in an infringement suit against a third party, we may not prevail, and 
the decision rendered may not conclude that our patent or other proprietary rights are valid, enforceable, or infringed. Our 
competitors may also avoid our patents. Even in cases where we ultimately prevail in an infringement claim, legal remedies 
available for harm caused to us by such third party's infringement may be inadequate to make us whole. Moreover, a successful 
result against a competing product for a given patent or in a specific country is not necessarily predictive of our future success 
against another competing product or in another country because of local variations in the patents and patent laws. 
In addition, if we lose patent protection because of an adverse court decision or a settlement, we face the risk that government 
and private t
hird-party payers and purchasers of medicines and vaccines may claim damages alleging they have over-reimbursed 
or overpaid for a drug. 
We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, which we seek 
to protect through various measures, including confidentiality agreements with licensees, employees, third-party collaborators, 
and consultants who may have access to such information. If these agreements are breached or our other protective measures 
should fail, then our contractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover our losses. 
In certain cases, to terminate or avoid patent litigation we or our collaboration partners may be required to obtain licenses from 
the holders of third-party intellectual property rights. Any payments under these licenses may reduce our profits from such 
medicines and vaccines and we may not be able to obtain these licenses on favorable terms or at all. 
Third parties may also request a preliminary or permanent injunction in a country from a court of law to prevent us from 
marketin
g a medicine or vaccine if they consider that we infringe their patent rights in that country. For example, Sanofi is or was 
party to patent infringement proceedings in several countries initiated against us and Regeneron by Amgen Inc. relating to 
Praluent in which Amgen Inc. requested injunctive relief (see 
Note D.22.b. to our consolidated financial statements included at 
Item 
18. of this annual report). If third parties obtain a preliminary or permanent injunction or if we fail to obtain a required license 
for a country where valid third-party intellectual property rights as confirmed by a court of law exist, or if we are unable to alter 
the design of our technology to fall outside the scope of third-party intellectual property rights, we may be unable to market 
some of our medicines and vaccines in certain countries, which may limit our profitability and have a negative impact on our 
financial results. 
In addition
, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that 
we believe were improperly granted, including through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be 
successful. Third parties may claim that our medicines and vaccines infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. 
Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product 
launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages. 
Furthermore, some countries may consider granting a compulsory license to a third party to use patents protecting an 
innovat
or’s product, which limits the value of the patent protection granted to such products. 
We have increased the proportion of biological therapeutics in our pipeline relative to traditional small-molecule medicines. 
Typically, th
e development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of biological therapeutics is complicated by third-party 
intellectual property rights (otherwise known as freedom to operate (FTO) issues), to a greater extent than for the small molecule 
therapeutics, because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, our ability to successfully challenge 
third-party patent rights is dependent on the legal interpretation and case law of national courts. In addition, we expect to face 
increasing competition from biosimilars in the future. With regulatory pathways available in the United States and Europe for 
biosimilar drug approval, biosimilars can be a threat to the exclusivity of any biological therapeutics we sell or may market in the 
future and can pose the same issues as the small-molecule generic threat described above. If a biosimilar version of one of our 
medicines were to be approved, it could reduce our sales and/or profitability. 
We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be 
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As 
our medicines and vaccines mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors 
increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, 
registering, or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute, or otherwise violate our rights. 
If our patents and/or proprietary rights to our medicines and vaccines were limited or circumvented, our financial results could be 
adversely affected. 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
4 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025
Failure to comply with data ethics and privacy regulations could adversely affect our business 
and reputation 
We operate in an environment that relies on the collection, processing, analysis, and interpretation of large sets of patients’ and 
other individuals’ personal data, and the operation of our business requires data to flow freely across borders of numerous 
countries. 
The legal and regulatory environment of data privacy is diversified, with regional legislation such as the General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDP
R) in Europe, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) in China, and other significant privacy legislation, 
including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the United States. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve with 
increasingly fragmented requirements across jurisdictions, creating uncertainty and challenges to companies’ ability to put in 
place operational policies and procedures to comply with applicable rules and regulations. These changes could result in 
increased operational risk by limiting or preventing data transfer across borders, which may materially negatively impact our 
activities, such as our ability to share data when conducting clinical studies (see also “— Data sovereignty regulations could 
significantly impact Sanofi's global operations and strategic initiatives” below). Any breach of such regulations could also incur 
financial penalties and reputational harm. 
Our increasing reliance on third-party partnerships and service providers introduces additional risks, as data breaches affecting 
these part
ners could have direct implications for our operations and reputation. 
Furthermore, the increasing volume of data processed and advances in new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), 
introduce new complexities in ensuring responsible data use, requiring sophisticated governance frameworks and specialized 
expertise to effectively manage these emerging technologies while maintaining compliance and ethical standards. Failure in our 
data governance and ethical use of personal data could affect our business and reputation. (see "— We may fail to develop or 
take advantage of digitalization and prioritizing data as an organizational asset" below). 
Risks relating to our business 
Research, clinical development and regulatory approval processes present significant risks to our 
pipeline success and portfolio renewal 
Our future success is highly dependent on our pipeline of new products. Researching and developing new medicines or vaccines 
is a costly, lengthy, and highly uncertain process and we have faced and may in the future face setbacks or failures in connection 
with these and other aspects of our efforts to maintain or expand our pipeline of new products. To succeed in the highly 
competitive biopharmaceutical industry, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and develop new 
medicines and vaccines to compensate for decreasing sales of medicines or vaccines facing patent expiration and termination of 
regulatory data exclusivity, introduction of lower-priced generics and biosimilars, or competition from new launches by 
competitors that are perceived as being comparable or superior in efficacy or safety to our therapies. We must pursue both 
research and early-, mid- and late-stage development to achieve a sustainable and well-balanced portfolio. In 2025, we spent 
€7,842 million on research and development, representing 18.0% of our net sales. As part of an update to our strategy, we 
announced in October 2023 our intent to increase our investment in research and development. Failure to invest with the 
appropriate balance in the right technology platforms, disease areas, medicine or vaccine classes, geographic markets, and 
licensing or acquisition opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our internal pipeline. We may fail to improve our 
development productivity sufficiently to sustain our pipeline. 
We are researching and developing medicines with several potential indications, intended to address unmet medical needs in 
markets wit
h a low penetration of novel advanced therapies, or where no effective treatment is currently approved. We focus our 
R&D strategy on medicines in immunology, rare diseases, neurology, and selectively in oncology. In 2021, Sanofi acquired 
Translate Bio to accelerate the deployment of mRNA technology for the development of new vaccines, including for seasonal 
influenza, and beyond vaccines, medicines where there is a strong unmet medical need. However, mRNA technology is still in its 
early days and there can be no assurance that this technology will be able to produce strong results with an acceptable safety 
profile. (see also “— We may fail to successfully identify external business opportunities or realize the anticipated benefits from 
our strategic investments or divestments” below). 
The competitive landscape includes a high level of uncertainty including because numerous companies are working on or may be 
evaluating s
imilar targets to us. A medicine or vaccine considered as promising at the beginning of its development may become 
less so if (among other things) a competitor addressing the same unmet need reaches the market earlier. 
Over these research and development cycles, usually spanning several years, there is a substantial risk at each stage of 
development that we will not achieve our goals of safety and/or efficacy and that we will decide to abandon a medicine or 
vaccine in which we have invested substantial amounts of money and human resources. There can be no assurance that any of 
our pipeline projects will be proven safe or effective or will receive marketing approval 
(
see "It
em 4. Information on the Company 
— B.4. 
Global research & development"). 
St
udies are increasingly designed with clinical endpoints of superiority, which means that failure to achieve those endpoints could 
damage the medicine or vaccine's outlook and our overall development program. For instance, in 2025 we discontinued further 
development on a vaccine candidate for extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli after indication of insufficient efficacy, and the SP0125 
program for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus-related disease in toddlers. 
Interim results of our clinical trials do not necessarily predict final results, and product candidates believed to have performed 
satisfactorily in preclinical studies and early clinical trials can nonetheless fail or obtain mixed results at a later stage, or fail to 
obtain marketing approval. For instance, in May 2025, we announced mixed results for the itepekimab COPD (chronic obstructive 
pulmonary disease) Phase 3 studies. 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025 5
Participants in clinical trials of our products and product candidates or individuals using drugs similar to our product candidates 
may suffer serious and unexpected adverse events or side effects that could delay or terminate clinical trial programs, require 
additional or longer trials to gain approval, or result in clinical holds imposed by regulatory authorities pending receipt of 
additional data. 
We rely heavily on independent clinical investigators, contract research organizations (CROs), and other third-party service 
providers 
to assist us in managing, monitoring, and otherwise carrying out our clinical trials; co-development partners can also be 
involved. If our third-party service providers or co-development partners cannot adequately and timely fulfill their obligations to 
us, or if the quality and accuracy of our clinical trial data are compromised due to their failure to adhere to our protocols or 
regulatory requirements, or if they fail to meet deadlines, our development plans and regulatory reviews for marketing approvals 
may be delayed or terminated, which would harm our business and negatively impact our stock price. 
Also we have faced and may in the future face difficulties in recruiting and enrolling patients for clinical trials. 
Decision
s concerning the studies to be carried out can have a significant impact on the marketing strategy for a given medicine 
or vaccine. Multiple in-depth studies, usually in P hase 4, can demonstrate that a medicine or vaccine has additional benefits, 
thereby facilitating the marketing, but such studies are expensive and time consuming and may delay the medicine or vaccine's 
submission to regulatory authorities for approval. 
Obtaining a marketing authorization for a medicine or vaccine is a long and highly regulated process requiring us to present 
extensive documentation and data to the relevant regulatory authorities. The regulatory approval pathway for our product 
candidates may be uncertain, complex, expensive, and lengthy, and approval is never certain. Each regulatory authority may 
impose its own requirements that can evolve over time, and regulatory authorities may change requirements for the approval of a 
product candidate even after reviewing and providing comments or advice on a protocol for a clinical study. Also we may not be 
able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities. For instance, in December 2025, the FDA 
issued a complete response letter (CRL) on the new drug application for tolebrutinib to treat non-relapsing secondary 
progressive multiple sclerosis (nrSPMS) in adult patients. Each regulatory authority may also delay or decline granting approval 
regardless of whether a medicine or vaccine has already been approved in another country. 
The FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities may disagree with our trial design, our interpretation of data from preclinical and 
clinical studies, or the conclusions reached from our data. Further, regulatory authorities may not accept or agree with our 
assumptions, estimates, calculations, or conclusions, or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which may 
delay, limit, impede or prevent regulatory approval. Also we may be unable to establish clinically meaningful endpoints that 
regulatory authorities consider appropriate, which could delay, limit, impede or prevent advancement or marketing approval of 
our product candidates. 
If the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with our 
product candidates, we may fail to obtain or face delay in obtaining marketing approval; the approval for indications or patient 
population may not be as broad as intended; the regulatory authorities may not accept the labeling claims that we believe would 
be desirable for successful commercialization; the approved labeling may include significant use or distribution restrictions or 
safety warnings, contraindications, or other limiting statements; and additional clinical trials may be required to support approval 
or we may be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements. Regulatory authorities may also withdraw or suspend 
their approval of the drug or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation 
strategy (REMS) plan. Anticipated and/or observed safety concerns from novel immunomodulatory therapies may require 
proactive and targeted risk mitigation to maintain positive benefit-risk for clinical trial participants and if mitigation efforts do not 
adequately mitigate such concerns could result in clinical holds, delays or termination of clinical trials, increased regulatory 
scrutiny, or an unfavorable reassessment of the benefit-risk profile including at the marketing approval stage, any of which could 
adversely affect our pipeline development and results of operations. 
In addition, following (or in some cases in parallel with) the marketing authorization, a dossier is also submitted to governmental 
agencies and/or national or regional third-party payers for review. Health technology assessment bodies evaluate evidence on 
the value of the new medicine or vaccine, assess the medical need it serves, and provide recommendations on the corresponding 
appropriate reimbursement. Such analyses may require additional studies, including comparative studies, which may effectively 
delay marketing, change the population for which the new medicine or vaccine is intended, and add costs to the development. 
Our cont
inuous investments in our research and development pipeline, and in launches of newly registered molecules, could 
therefore result in increased costs without a proportionate increase in revenues, which would negatively affect our operating 
results and profitability. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all medicines or vaccines approved or launched will achieve commercial success. 
Also 
product extensions or additional indications may not be approved, limiting our ability to maximize the commercial potential 
of existing medicines or vaccines. 
Even after a medicine or vaccine reaches the market, certain developments following regulatory approval may reduce demand 
for t
hem. In particular, results from clinical studies following approval (including studies undertaken as post-approval 
commitments) and information gathered through post-marketing surveillance, including relating to safety, efficacy or tolerability 
of pharmaceuticals in general, have the potential to raise concerns among some prescribers and patients, may change the 
benefit-risk assessment, may negatively affect the potential for commercialization, and may increase the risk of being required to 
withdraw a product from the market by regulatory authorities, including due to FDA approval withdrawal on an expedited basis, 
any of which could negatively affect sales or lead to increased volatility in market reaction. 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
6 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025
The pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and vaccines are negatively affected by increasing cost 
containment pressures and major policy shifts 
The commercial success of our products is negatively affected by escalating pricing and access pressures across all markets due, 
inter alia, to: 
• Increasing price interdependency and international price referencing (IRP) pressure/shifts between countries: 
– introduction
 of "most favored nation" (MFN) tying US reimbursement prices to a benchmark, comprising the G7 nations 
(excluding the US) plus Denmark and Switzerland, giving rise to the potential for global rebalancing of drug prices between 
the US and other countries, with an impact on launch sequencing and pricing corridors. 
• Tighter cost-containment policies imposed by governments and other payers around the world: 
– US federal government drug price controls, including MFN policy and Medicare drug price negotiations under the Inflation 
Reduction Act (IRA); 
– requirements for greater transparency around drug pricing and drug development costs; 
– mandatory price cuts, renegotiations, industry payback and rebates; 
– delisting from reimbursement and restrictions on the label population; 
– access restrictions for high-priced innovative medicines; 
– prescribing guidelines and binding medicine utilization controls; 
– greater use of tendering and centralized procurement (national/regional/class-wide level); 
– cross-country cooperation in price negotiations, contracting or procurement; 
– shifting of the payment burden to US patients and access disruptions through copay accumulator and maximizer programs 
as well as alternative funding programs; 
– more aggressive formulary utilization management controls (including stepped therapy, strict prior authorization criteria, 
formulary exclusions) by US insurers and pharmacy benefits managers (PBMs); and 
– discriminatory and non-transparent pricing and procurement policies (e.g. government procurement restrictions, import 
bans, and threats of pharma-specific tariffs) that favor domestic pharmaceutical companies. 
• More complex health technology assessment (HTA) processes raising the bar for market entry, primarily in non-US markets: 
– more stringent evidence and value requirements throughout the product lifecycle (e.g. comparative effectiveness, patient 
preferences, real-world evidence, health economic modelling) by payers and HTA authorities; 
– unreasonable thresholds for cost-effectiveness; and 
– increasingly restrictive HTA decisions with significant variation across markets. 
• Increased generic and biosimilar competition, accelerating price erosion while generating savings for future innovation: 
– accelerated generics/biosimilars entry triggered by new US legislation and expected revised EU pharma legislation; 
– next generation biosimilars coming to the market across major therapeutic areas; 
– potential savings from increased biosimilar use, which are expected to be a cumulative $290 billion globally from 2023 to 
2027 and could reach $383 billion, according to IQVIA’s recent Global Use of Medicines report; and 
– evolving regulatory landscapes to support interchangeability (e.g. in the US and EU) and pharmacy substitution (e.g. in the 
EU Nordic countries, Germany and France). 
We are facing heightened policy uncertainty triggered by new policies in the US and in Europe, requiring us to rethink our global 
launch
 sequencing, pricing and access strategies. 
On December 
19, 2025, we signed a voluntary MFN agreement with the US government ensuring that state Medicaid programs 
can access certain of our medicines at the same prices available to other high-income nations. Although we secured a three-year 
tariff exemption and near-term clarity during the three-year duration of the MFN agreement, uncertainty remains regarding final 
MFN implementation rules and their potential implications for future product launches. In December, the US government also 
announced three new MFN pricing demonstration models: Generating cost Reductions for US Medicaid (GENEROUS) a voluntary 
program through which pharmaceutical manufacturers (including those, like Sanofi, that entered into MFN agreements) opt in to 
providing MFN pricing to state Medicaid programs; Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing (GLOBE); and Guarding US 
Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD). GLOBE and GUARD are mandatory models for manufacturers who have not opted 
in to participating in the GENEROUS program and cover both Medicare Part B (GLOBE) and Part D (GUARD). Each of these 
payment demonstrations is set to last for a period of five years, whereas Sanofi's MFN agreement is only for a duration of three 
years. While Sanofi’s MFN agreement is voluntary and time-bound, these commitments along with the broader context of the 
payment demonstration programs described above could significantly constrain our commercial flexibility and may limit our 
ability to launch certain new products in specific countries or markets where local pricing conditions would otherwise require 
different pricing strategies. If we are unable to achieve acceptable pricing terms in a given market that are consistent with our 
MFN obligations, we may be forced to delay or forgo product launches in that market entirely, thereby reducing potential 
revenues and limiting patient access to our medicines and vaccines. Furthermore, the precedent established by voluntary MFN 
arrangements and the evolving regulatory and political environment, particularly in major markets, may increase pressure on 
pharmaceutical companies to accept MFN or comparable pricing mechanisms on a more widespread basis in the future, whether 
through voluntary agreements, regulatory requirements, or legislative mandates. The implementation of MFN provisions also 
presents operational complexities and may create downward pressure on prices across our portfolio, limiting our ability to 
capture the value of innovation. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, 
financial condition, and our ability to bring innovative treatments to patients worldwide. 
In the United States, which accounted for 50.8% of our net sales in 2025, we are navigating a transformative landscape driven by 
t
he combined and ripple effects of the MFN and the IRA pricing policies. While MFN focuses on Medicaid, future launches and the 
direct-to-patient market, the IRA primarily targets Medicare high-expenditure medicines. The IRA continues to mandate price 
negotiations for Medicare drugs, progressively expanding the number of drugs subject to negotiation each year from 10 Part D 
drugs in 2026 to 20 per year from 2029 onward, with the exception of orphan drugs (regardless of the number of indications) 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025 7
under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. 2025 negotiation rounds have shown substantial price reductions, with increasing downward 
pressure on US drug pricing over time. While Sanofi's current US portfolio has limited government channel exposure and Dupixent 
is not currently expected to be impacted by IRA until 2031, this evolving legislation may impact our revenue growth and influence 
our portfolio strategy in the medium to long term. 
Furthermore, in commercial channels, we continue to face intensifying pricing pressure and gross-to-net (GTN) erosion from 
payers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) (i.e. formulary exclusions, tighter utilization management, higher rebate demands, 
accumulator/maximizer programs). With the three largest group purchasing organizations (GPOs) - Ascent, Zinc and Emisar - now 
covering approximately 85% of prescription drug claims, consolidation has led to greater PBM GPO negotiating power with drug 
manufacturers, thereby adversely impacting our sales. 
In the US, we may also face rapidly shifting federal vaccine policy, healthcare funding cuts, supply chain challenges (due to high 
dependency on API imports), and persistent trade and geopolitical tensions. 
In Europe, regulat
ory changes, including EU Pharmaceutical Legislation reform, and EU HTA Regulation, are fundamentally 
reshaping how medicines are valued, priced, and launched across Europe. This creates a more centralized and higher-risk access 
environment, forcing companies to make strategic trade-offs between early broad market access and protecting global pricing 
strategies. The proposed EU pharmaceutical legislation reform, expected in early 2026, aims to counterbalance MFN pressure 
while ensuring Europe remains a viable launch region, though it introduces new market access challenges including reduced data 
protection and potential forced launches in unprofitable markets. The EU HTA Regulation, effective since early 2025, centralizes 
clinical assessment at the EU level while maintaining national pricing decisions. This introduces new timeline and resource 
pressures, but offers potential for more harmonized patient access. The mandatory Joint Clinical Assessment has become 
strategically critical for global evidence strategies. 
Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result 
in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business, or reputational harm 
Our business depends heavily on the use of interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems 
and digital tools. Certain key areas such as research and development, production and sales are largely dependent on our 
information systems (including cloud-based computing) or those of third-party providers (including for the storage and transfer 
of critical, confidential, sensitive, or personal information regarding our patients, clinical studies, vendors, customers, employees, 
collaborators and others). We are therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents, and misuse or manipulation of any 
of these IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information or the modification of critical data. 
We and our third-party service providers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors or other contracting third parties use, to 
th
e best of our ability, secure information technology systems for the protection of data and threat detection. Like many 
companies, we may experience certain of the following events which pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems 
and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data: breakdown, outages, service disruption or 
impairment, data loss or deterioration in the event of a system malfunction or increasing threat of data theft or corruption in the 
event of a cyber-attack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks, insider threat attacks, cybercrimes, including state-
sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Also, in the event 
of an attack, regulatory and legislative frameworks worldwide (including in the United States  and the European Union) related to 
the financing of terrorism impose increasing restrictions on payments of ransom. As a result, our ability to recover the data might 
be limited. Therefore, our business continuity could be at risk if we are unable to recover data through back-ups and restorations. 
In addition, several existing and forthcoming rules and laws – including NIS2, the European Health Data Space (EHDS), the Data 
Act, the Cyber Resilience Act and the AI Act – are changing privacy and cybersecurity compliance requirements, and creating 
new potential enforcement risks. 
We are increasingly using generative AI to enhance our business processes. Although we have set up a governance body to 
cont
rol the AI initiatives taken on a company-wide scale and have made a generative AI charter available to all our employees, 
this new technology, like other AI technology, entails risks linked to transparency, fairness, data privacy and confidentiality, eco-
responsibility, and cybersecurity. These risks could result in unintended consequences such as unethical practices, business and 
reputational harm, cyber-attacks, and security breaches (see “— We may fail to develop or take advantage of digitalization and 
prioritizing data as an organizational asset” below). Moreover, there is a global trend towards more comprehensive regulation of 
AI that may require us to modify existing or adopt new compliance procedures, or developments that could impact the 
effectiveness of and our ability to use AI tools. 
Each of these events could negatively impact important processes, such as scientific research and clinical studies, the submission 
of outcomes to health authorities for marketing authorizations, the functioning of production processes and the supply chain, 
compliance with legal requirements, trade secrets, security strategies and other key activities, including Sanofi employees’ ability 
to communicate between themselves as well as with third parties (see also “— Product liability claims could adversely affect our 
business, results of operations and financial condition” above). This could result in material financial, legal, competitive, 
operational, business, or reputational harm. 
Although we maintain relevant insurance coverage, this insurance may not be sufficiently available in the future to cover the 
financial, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. For example, certain types 
of cyber-attacks could be considered as an act of war subject to insurance exclusion. 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
8 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025
The manufacture of our medicines and vaccines is technically complex, and supply interruptions, 
product recalls or inventory losses caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely affect 
our operating results and financial condition, delay the launch of new medicines and vaccines, and 
negatively impact our image 
Many of our medicines and vaccines are manufactured using technically complex processes with production constraints, 
including the need for specialized facilities, trained and certified employees, and highly specific raw materials. We must ensure 
that all manufacturing processes comply with (i) current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), (ii) other applicable regulations 
issued by governmental health authorities around the world, and (iii)  our own quality standards. Third parties supply us with a 
portion of our raw materials, active ingredients, finished drug products, medical devices and quality control testing, which 
exposes us to the risk of a supply shortage or interruption especially if these suppliers are unable to manufacture our medicines 
and vaccines on time or in line with quality standards or if they experience financial difficulties. 
Epidemics and other public health crises expose us to risks of a slowdown or temporary suspension in the production of our active 
pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials, and some of our medicines and vaccines, and may have a material and adverse effect 
on our manufacturing operations if they impact our principal production sites. Any of these factors could adversely affect our 
business, operating results, or financial condition 
(
see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B.7.  P
roduction and raw materials” 
for a description of these outsourcing arrangements and “A failure in our crisis and business continuity management processes in 
case of unpredictable events could have negative consequences for our business, operations and reputation” below). 
Our 
business
 may require the transformation and adaptation of our plants to ensure the continuity of production of our 
medicines and vaccines in sufficient quantities to satisfy demand. This may be necessary to meet the need to produce new 
medicines and vaccines, or to ensure the scaling up production of products under development once approved. This need may 
also result from new regulatory requirements. Furthermore, our biological medicines and vaccines are subject to the risk of 
manufacturing stoppages or the risk of loss of inventory because of the difficulties inherent in the processing of biological 
materials and the potential difficulties in accessing adequate amounts of raw materials meeting required standards. In addition, 
specific storage and distribution conditions are required for many biological medicines and vaccines (for example, cold storage is 
necessary for certain vaccines, insulins, and some clotting factor medicines). These production difficulties may also be 
encountered during testing, which is a mandatory requirement prior to drug products being released. 
The complexity of our production processes, as well as standards required subject us to certain risks, particularly because the 
research an
d remediation of any identified or suspected problems may cause production delays, substantial expense, product 
recalls, loss of sales or inventories, and delays in launches. This could adversely affect our operating results and financial 
condition, and cause reputational damage and the risk of product liability (see “— Product liability claims could adversely affect 
our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). Our medicines and vaccines, and their compositions (including 
the identification of potential unexpected or unspecified impurities), are increasingly scrutinized by health and safety agencies. In 
addition, some of our production sites, and some of our suppliers’ and/or contractors’ sites, are in areas exposed to natural 
disasters such as floods, earthquakes, and hurricanes (see “— Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address 
climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations” below). Such disasters could be exacerbated by 
climate change. In the event of a major disaster, we could experience severe destruction or interruption of our operations and 
production capacity at these sites. 
When manufacturing disruptions occur, we may not have alternate manufacturing capacity, particularly for certain biologics. In 
the event of manufacturing disruptions, our ability to use backup facilities or set up new facilities is more limited because 
biologics are more complex to manufacture and generally require dedicated facilities. Even though we aim to have backup 
sources of supply whenever possible, including by manufacturing backup supplies of our principal active ingredients at additional 
facilities when practicable, we cannot be certain they will be sufficient if our principal sources become unavailable. Switching 
sources and manufacturing facilities requires significant time and prior approval by health authorities. Additionally, we may be 
subject to requirements to locate manufacturing facilities in the region where the manufactured medicines and vaccines are sold, 
as a result of local country governmental initiatives or of obligations intended to ensure local supply chain capacity; that may 
introduce additional complexity to our global supply chain due to the significant time and regulatory approvals required for such 
local facilities to become operational, the significant investment required, and the need to reorganize supply chains that might 
otherwise source supplies from other (non-local) regions in order to maximize potential efficiency and benefits. 
Supply short
ages generate even greater negative reactions when they occur with respect to life saving medicines with limited or 
no viable therapeutic alternatives. Shortages of specific medicines and vaccines can have a negative impact on the confidence of 
patients, customers, professional healthcare providers, health authorities and the image of Sanofi and may lead to lower sales. 
A substantial share of the sales and income of Sanofi depends on the performance of certain key 
medicines and vaccines 
Our current strategy, as presented in December 2019 and updated in October 2023, focuses on key growth drivers in the key 
disease areas of immunology, rare diseases, neurology, selectively in oncology, and vaccines. Nevertheless, market expansion, 
acquisitions, investments and new launches of medicines and vaccines may not deliver the anticipated benefits. We may also 
encounter delays or failures in our launch strategy (in terms of timing, pricing, market access, marketing efforts, and dedicated 
sales forces), such that our medicines and vaccines may not deliver the expected benefits. The competitive environment for a 
given medicine or vaccine may also have changed by the time of the actual launch, necessitating a modification of our initial 
forecasts. The need to prioritize the allocation of resources may also cause delays in or hamper the launch or expansion of certain 
medicines or vaccines. 
PART I 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2025 9
Also, we currently generate a substantial share of our sales from certain key medicines and vaccines (see “Item 5. Operating and 
Financial 
Review and Prospects — A.2.1. Net s
ales — 3/Net Sales – Biopharma segment”). For example, Dupixent generated net 
sales of €15,714 million in 2025, representing 36.0% of our net sales for the year, and is Sanofi’s biggest product in terms of sales. 
Among our 
key medicines, 
Lantus, Lovenox, Plavix, Jevtana and Aubagio  face generic or biosimilar competition on the market. In 
2025, Lantus was one of Sanofi’s leading medicines in terms of sales with net sales of €1,733 million. With respect to influenza, 
which represented together with Covid 29.2% of vaccines net sales in 2025, we may face potential challenges. The influenza 
market is expected to have several new competitive entrants, including both standalone flu mRNA vaccines and COVID-flu 
combinations, which could be on the market ahead of us. Additionally, the influenza market globally is subject to intense pricing 
pressure, as well as a decrease in vaccination coverage, and anti-vaccine policies could further erode confidence in vaccines and 
change the regulatory and/o

[truncated]