UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
_________________________ 
FORM 20-F 
(Mark One) 
☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Or 
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 
Or 
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Or 
☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Date of event requiring this shell company report 
For the transition period from                  to
Commission File Number: 001-31368 
_______________________________ 
Sanofi 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
N/A 
(Translation of registrant’s name into English) 
France 
(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
46, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75017 Paris, France 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
________________________ 
Roy Papatheodorou , Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
46, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75017 Paris, France. Tel: + 33 1 53 77 40 00 
(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person) 
________________________ 
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: 
American Depositary Shares, each representing one half 
of one ordinary share, par value €2 per share
 SNY NASDAQ Global Select Market 
Ordinary shares, par value €2 per share * NASDAQ Global Select Market* 
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None 
The number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of December 31, 2024 was: 
Ordinary shares: 1,263,122,721 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☒ No ☐.
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    Yes ☐  No ☒.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the preceding 12  months (or  for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)  has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒  No ☐.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).   
   Yes ☒  No ☐.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See 
definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” or “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
If an
 emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected 
not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards (1) provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act.   ☐
(1) The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting 
Standards Codification after April 5, 2012. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared 
or issued its audit report  ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the 
filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation 
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing: 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
U.S. GAAP ☐ as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒ Other ☐
If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected 
to follow. Item 17.   ☐                  Item 18.   ☐
If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒. 
*Not for trading but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such ordinary shares.

Presentation of financial 
and other information 
The consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on Form  20-F have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with 
IFRS as endorsed by the European Union, as of December 31, 2024. 
Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms “Sanofi,” the “Company,” the “Group,” “we,” “our,” or “us” 
refer to Sanofi and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
All references herein to “United  States” or “US” are to the United  States of America, references to “dollars” or “$” are to the 
currency of the United States, references to “France” are to the Republic of France, and references to “euro” and “€” are to the 
currency of the European Union member states (including France) participating in the European Monetary Union. 
As of the date of this report on Form 20-F, all commercial trademarks mentioned here are protected, and are trademarks of 
Sanofi and/or its subsidiaries, with the exception of: 
• trademarks used or that may be or have been used under license by Sanofi and/or its affiliates, such as Aldurazyme, a 
trademark of the Biomarin/Genzyme LLC Joint Venture; Alprolix, a trademark of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB in Europe; 
ALTUVIIIO, a trademark of Sobi in Europe and in Africa; Anket, a trademark of Innate Pharma; Atomnet, a trademark of 
Atomwise, Inc.; Cialis, a trademark of Eli Lilly; Eloctate, a trademark of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB in Europe; Stamaril, a 
trademark of the Institut Pasteur; Tamiflu, a trademark of Hoffmann-La Roche; Vaxelis, a trademark of MSP Vaccine Company 
(US) and MCM Vaccine B.V. (Netherlands); Zaltrap, a trademark of Regeneron in the United States; 
• trademarks sold by Sanofi and/or its affiliates to a third party, such as Altace, a trademark of King Pharmaceuticals in the 
United States; Libtayo, a trademark of Regeneron; Praluent, a trademark of Regeneron in the United States; and 
• other third party trademarks such as Stoxx, a trademark of Stoxx Ltd; and Zantac, a trademark of Glaxo Group Limited (except 
in the US and Canada). 
Not all trademarks related to products under development have been authorized as of the date of this annual report by the 
relevant health authorities. 
The data relating to market shares and ranking information for medicines and vaccines, in particular as presented 
in “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.5. Markets — B.5.1. Marketing and distribution,” are based 
primarily on sales data excluding vaccines and in constant euros (unless otherwise indicated) on a September  2024 moving 
annual total (MAT) basis. The data are primarily from a IQVIA local sales audit, supplemented by country-specific sources. 
Product indications described in this annual report are composite summaries of the major indications approved in the product’s 
principal markets. Not all indications are necessarily available in each of the markets in which the products are approved. The 
summaries presented herein for the purpose of financial reporting do not substitute for careful consideration of the full labeling 
approved in each market. 
Cautionary statement regarding 
forward-looking statements 
This annual report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law, including 
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. We may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in 
our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 6-K, in our annual report to shareholders, in our offering 
circulars and prospectuses, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by our officers, directors or 
employees to third parties. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
• projections of operating revenues, net income, business net income, earnings per share, business earnings per share, capital 
expenditures, cost savings, restructuring costs, positive or negative synergies, dividends, capital structure or other financial 
items or ratios; 
• statements of our profit forecasts, trends, business strategies, plans, objectives or goals, including those relating to products, 
clinical studies, regulatory approvals and competition; and 
• statements about our future events and economic performance or that of France, the United States or any other countries in 
which we operate. 
Words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “can,” “contemplate,” “could,” “plan,” “expect,” “intend,” “is designed to,” “may,” “might,” 
“plan,” “potential,” “objective,” “target,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “forecast,” “ambition,” “guideline,” "seek," “should,” “will,” 
"goal," or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the 
exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with the 
regulatory, economic, financial and competitive environment, and other factors that could cause actual future results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
These risks, uncertainties and assumptions include risk factors, which could also affect future results and cause actual results to 
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements, and which include those discussed under “Item 3. Key 
Information — D. Risk Factors.” Additional risks, not currently known or that are currently considered immaterial by the Group, 
may have the same unfavorable effect and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this annual report will prove to be 
accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the 
significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or 
warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. Moreover, 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than required by law, we do not undertake any 
obligation to update them in light of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. These 
forward-looking statements are based upon information, assumptions and estimates available to us as of the date of this annual 
report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or 
incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all 
potentially available relevant information. In light of these risks,uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue 
reliance on any forward looking statements contained herein. 
You should read this annual report and the documents that we reference in this annual report and have filed as exhibits 
completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify 
all of our forward-looking statements by these statements.
Abbreviations 
Principal abbreviations used in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 
ADR 
ADS American Depositary Share 
Association
 française des entreprises privées (French AFEP Association of Large Companies) 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the French market AMF regulator) 
ANDA Abbreviated New Drug Application  
BLA
 Biologic License Application 
BMS Bristol-Myers Squibb 
CEO Chief Executive Officer 
CER Constant exchange rates 
CGU Cash generating unit 
CHC Consumer Healthcare, Opella 
CHMP Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use 
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility 
Sanofi committee for internal occupational exposure COVALIS limits (Comité des Valeurs Limites Internes Sanofi) 
CVR Contin gent
 value right 
European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and EFPIA Associations 
EMA European Medicines Agency 
EU European Union 
FCF Free cash flow 
FDA US Food and Drug Administration 
GAVI Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation 
GBU Global Business Unit 
Groupement pour l'Élaboration et la Réalisation de 
Statistiques (French pharmaceutical industry statistics 
partnership) 
GERS 
GCP Good clinical practices 
GDP Good distribution practices 
GHG Greenhouse gas 
GLP Good laboratory practices 
GLP-1 Glucagon-like peptide-1 
GMP Good manufacturing practices 
GRI Global Reporting Initiative 
Hib Haemophilus influenzae type b 
American Depositary Receipt 
International Federation of Pharmaceutical 
Manufacturers & Associations 
International Fin
ancial Reporting Interpretations IFRIC Committee 
ISIN International Securities Identification Number 
Mouvement des entreprises de France (French business 
confederation) 
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated 
Quotations 
NDA New Drug Application 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development 
PhRMA Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America 
Sanofi Committee for Biological Risk Prevention 
(Biosafety, Biosecurity, Biosurveillance) 
US United States of America 
HSE Health, Safety and Environment 
IASB International Accounting Standards Board 
ICH International Council for Harmonization 
IFPMA
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards 
IPV Inactivated polio vaccine 
J-MHLW Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare 
LoE Loss of Exclusivity 
LSD Lysosomal storage disorder 
MEDEF
mRNA messenger RNA 
MS Multiple sclerosis 
NASDAQ
NHI National Health Insurance (Japan) 
NYSE New York Stock Exchange 
OECD
OPV Oral polio vaccine 
OTC Over the counter 
PMDA Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (Japan) 
PRV Priority Review Voucher 
PTE Patent Term Extension 
QIV Quadrivalent influenza vaccine 
R&D Research and development 
SA Société anonyme (French public limited corporation) 
SEC US Securities and Exchange Commission 
SPC Supplementary Protection Certificate 
TRIBIO
TSR Total shareholder return 
UNICEF United Nations Children’s Emergency Fund 
WHO World Health Organization 
[THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART I 1 
Item 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS 
1
Item 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED 
TIMETABLE 
1
Item 3. KEY INFORMATION 1 
A. Selected Financial Data 1 
B. Capitalization and Indebtedness 1 
C. Reasons for Offer and Use of Proceeds 1 
D. Risk Factors 1 
Item 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 17 
A. History and Development 
of the Company 
17 
B. Business Overview 18 
C. Organizational Structure 52 
D. Property, Plant and Equipment 53 
E. R&D Appendices 56 
Item 4.A UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 58 
Item 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
AND PROSPECTS 
58 
A. Operating results 58 
B. Liquidity and Capital Resources 86 
C. Research and development, patents 
and licenses, etc. 
92 
D. Trend information 92 
E. Critical accounting estimates 92 
Item 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
AND EMPLOYEES 
93 
A. Directors and Senior Management 93 
B. Compensation 125 
C. Board Practices 147 
D. Employees 154 
E. Share Ownership 156 
F. Disclosure of action to recover 
erroneously awarded compensation 
158 
Item 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED 
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
159 
A. Major Shareholders 159 
B. Related Party Transactions 160 
C. Interests of Experts and Counsel 160 
Item 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 161 
A. Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Other Financial Information 
161 
B. Significant Changes 163 
Item 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING 164 
A. Offer and Listing Details 164 
B. Plan of Distribution 164 
C. Markets 164 
D. Selling Shareholders 164 
E. Dilution 164 
F. Expenses of the Issue 164 
Item 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 165 
A. Share Capital 165 
B. Memorandum and Articles 
of Association 
165 
C. Material Contracts 169 
D. Exchange Controls 169 
E. Taxation 169 
F. Dividends and Paying Agents 173 
G. Statement by Experts 173 
H. Documents on Display 173 
I. Subsidiary Information 173 
J. Annual Report to Security Holders 173 
Item 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
174 
Item 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER 
THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 
177 
PART II 179 
Item 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES 
AND DELINQUENCIES 
179 
Item 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO 
THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
179 
Item 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 179 
Item 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 180 
Item 16B. CODE OF ETHICS 180 
Item 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS’ FEES 
AND SERVICES 
180 
Item 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING 
STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES 
180 
Item 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED 
PURCHASERS 
181 
Item 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING 
ACCOUNTANT 
181 
Item 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 181 
Item 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 183 
Item 16I. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN 
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT 
INSPECTIONS 
183 
Item 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES 183 
Item 16K. CYBERSECURITY 183 
PART III 185 
Item 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 185 
Item 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 185 
Item 19. EXHIBITS 185 
Part I 
ITEM 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers 
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers 
N/A 
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable 
N/A 
Item 3. Key Information 
A. Selected financial data
N/A 
B. Capitalization and indebtedness
N/A 
C. Reasons for offer and use of proceeds
N/A 
D. Risk factors
Important factors that could cause actual financial, business, research, or operating results to differ materially from expectations 
are disclosed in this annual report, including without limitation the following risk factors. Investors should carefully consider all the 
information set forth in the following risk factors and elsewhere in this document before deciding to invest in any of the 
Company’s securities. In addition to the risks listed below, we may be subject to other material risks that as of the date of this 
report are not currently known to us or that we deem immaterial at this time. 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters 
Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 
Product liability is a significant risk for any pharmaceutical company, given that liability claims relating to our industry are 
unforeseeable by nature. The evolving regulatory environment worldwide (the ever-more stringent regulatory requirements 
applicable to the pharmaceutical industry, plus more stringent data, quality, and supply obligations) clearly impacts our potential 
liability, and we may incur different liability claims to what we have handled in the past, regarding their nature, scope, and level. 
For a detailed analysis of the regulatory environment in which we operate, refer to “Item 4. Information on the Company - B. 
Business Overview - B.5.3. Regulatory framework.” Substantial damages have been awarded by some jurisdictions and/or 
settlements agreed –  notably in the United States and other common law jurisdictions  – against pharmaceutical companies 
based on claims for injuries allegedly caused using their products. Such claims can also lead to product recalls, withdrawals, or 
declining sales, and/or be accompanied by consumer fraud claims by customers, third-party payers seeking reimbursement of 
the cost of the product and/or other claims, including potential civil or criminal governmental actions. 
We are currently defending several product liability claims (see Note D.22.a. to the consolidated financial statements included at 
Item 18. of this annual report) notably with respect to Taxotere, Zantac, Depakine and Gold Bond, and there can be no assurance 
that we will be successful in defending these claims, or that we will not face additional claims in the future. 
Establishing the full side effect profile of a pharmaceutical drug goes beyond data derived from preapproval clinical studies 
which may only involve several hundred to several thousand patients. Routine review and analysis of the continually growing 
body of post-marketing safety data and clinical studies provide additional information – for example, potential evidence of rare, 
population-specific, or long-term adverse events or of drug interactions that were not observed in preapproval clinical studies. 
This causes product labeling to evolve over time following interactions with regulatory authorities, which may include restrictions 
of therapeutic indications, new contraindications, warnings, or precautions and occasionally even the suspension or withdrawal 
of a product marketing authorization. Following any of these events, pharmaceutical companies can face significant product 
liability claims (see Note D.22.a. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report). 
Furthermore, we commercialize several devices (some of which use new technologies) which, if they malfunction, could cause 
unexpected damage and lead to product liability claims (see “Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology 
systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm” below). 
PART I 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 1
ITEM 3. Key Information 
Although we continue to insure a portion of our product liability with third-party carriers, product liability coverage is increasingly 
difficult and costly to obtain, particularly in the United States. In the future, it is possible that self-insurance may become the sole 
commercially reasonable means available for managing the financial risk associated with product liability in our pharmaceuticals 
and vaccines businesses (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.8. Insurance and risk coverage”). 
In cases where we self-insure, the legal costs that we would bear for handling such claims, and potential damage awards to be 
paid to claimants, could have a negative impact on our financial condition. Due to insurance conditions, even when we have 
insurance coverage, recoveries from insurers may not be totally successful due to market-driven insurance limitations and 
exclusions. Moreover, insolvency of an insurer could affect our ability to recover claims on policies for which we have already paid 
a premium. 
Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of our defense, are costly, divert management’s 
attention, may harm our reputation, and can impact the demand for our products and generate speculative news flows and/or 
rumors relating to such claims. Substantial product liability claims could materially adversely affect our business, results of 
operations and financial condition, and/or may have an impact on market perception of our company and negatively affect our 
stock price. 
Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, 
pricing, human rights of workers and other legal matters could adversely affect our business, 
results of operations and financial condition 
Our industry is heavily regulated and legal requirements vary from country to country, and new requirements are imposed on our 
industry from time to time. Governments and regulatory authorities around the world have been strengthening implementation 
and enforcement activities in recent years, including in relation to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and ethical requirements with 
respect to medical and scientific research, interactions with healthcare professionals and payers, and respect for the human 
rights of workers. 
We have adopted a Code of Conduct that requires employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the 
specific principles and rules of conduct set forth in the Code. We also have policies and procedures designed to help ensure that 
we, our officers, employees, agents, intermediaries and other third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations (including 
but not limited to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the UK Bribery Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, the 
French Anti-Corruption measures law (Sapin II), the French duty of vigilance law and other anti-bribery laws and regulations). 
Notwithstanding these efforts, failure to comply with laws and regulations (including as a result of a business partner’s breach) 
may occur and could result in liabilities for us and/or our management. 
Sanofi and certain of its subsidiaries could become the subject of investigations or proceedings by various government entities or 
could face audits and/or litigation, including allegations of corruption, claims related to employment matters, patent and 
intellectual property disputes, consumer law claims and/or competition law and tax audits. We are currently the target of a 
number of lawsuits relating to pricing and marketing practices (including, for example, “whistleblower” litigation in the United 
States), which we are vigorously defending. With respect to tax issues, the complexity of the fiscal environment is such that the 
ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments that are greater or less than the provisions we have booked. See 
“Item 8. Financial Information — A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information — Information on Legal or 
Arbitration Proceedings” and Note  D.22. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item  18. of this annual report. In 
addition, responding to such investigations is costly and may divert management’s attention from our business. 
Unfavorable outcomes in any of these matters, or in similar matters that may arise in the future, could preclude the 
commercialization of our products, harm our reputation, negatively affect the profitability of existing products and subject us to 
substantial fines, punitive damages, penalties and injunctive or administrative remedies, potentially leading to the imposition of 
additional regulatory controls, monitoring or self-reporting obligations, or exclusion from government reimbursement programs 
or markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The unpredictability of these proceedings could lead Sanofi, after consideration of all relevant factors, to enter into settlement 
agreements to settle certain claims. Such settlements may involve significant monetary payments and/or potential criminal 
penalties, may include admissions of wrongdoing and may require entering into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) or a 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement (in the United States), which is intended to regulate company behavior for a specified number 
of years. For example, on February  28, 2020, Sanofi US entered into a civil settlement with the United States Department of 
Justice and agreed to pay approximately $11.85  million to resolve allegations regarding certain charitable donations Sanofi US 
made to an independent patient assistance foundation that assisted patients being treated for multiple sclerosis. In connection 
with this settlement, Sanofi US also entered into a CIA with the Office of the Inspector General for the United States Department 
of Health and Human Services effective the same day, which will require us to meet and maintain certain compliance 
requirements in the United States. 
Our activities (including our products and manufacturing activities) are subject to significant 
government regulations and regulatory approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse 
consequences to our business if we fail to anticipate the regulations, comply with them, maintain 
the required approvals, and/or adapt to changes in applicable regulations 
Obtaining a marketing authorization for a product is a long and highly regulated process requiring us to present extensive 
documentation and data to the relevant regulatory authorities either at the time of the filing of the application for a marketing 
authorization or later during its review. Each regulatory authority may impose its own requirements which can evolve over time. 
Each regulatory authority may also delay or refuse to grant approval even though a product has already been approved in 
PART I 
2 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
another country. Regulatory authorities are increasingly strengthening their requirements on product safety and risk/benefit 
profiles. All these requirements, including post-marketing requirements, have increased the costs associated with maintaining 
marketing authorizations (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.5. Markets — B.5.3. Regulatory 
framework”). 
Moreover, to monitor our compliance with applicable regulations, the FDA, EMA, WHO and comparable national agencies in other 
jurisdictions routinely conduct regulatory inspections of our facilities, distribution centers, commercial activities and development 
centers (including hospitals), and may identify potential deficiencies which we must adequately address. More generally, if we fail 
to adequately respond to regulatory inspection observations identified during an inspection or fail to comply with applicable 
regulatory requirements at all or within the targeted timeline, we could be subject to enforcement, remedial and/or punitive 
actions by the FDA (such as a Warning Letter, injunction, seizure or cease and desist order), the EMA or other regulatory 
authorities. For example,  in January 2025, the FDA issued a warning letter related to certain GMP practices at our Framingham 
facility. In addition, we have an obligation to monitor and report adverse events and safety signals. To comply with these duties, 
we must regularly train our employees and certain third parties (such as external sales forces and distributor employees) on 
regulatory matters, including on pharmacovigilance. If we fail to train these people, or fail to train them appropriately, or if they do 
not comply with contractual requirements, we may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not reported or not reported in a 
timely manner in breach of our reporting obligations. 
Due to regulatory or geopolitical constraints, we may face delays in our clinical studies due, for example, to the new EU Clinical 
Trials Regulation review process for approvals of new studies or for the transition of ongoing studies under such new regulation, 
and/or restrictions imposed on clinical study sites, and/or delays in the supply chain for investigational products and/or the 
initiation and enrollment of patients in our clinical studies, and/or disruptions related to regulatory approvals, for instance due to 
the inability of health authorities to perform inspections in other countries and/or delays in label expansions for existing products, 
and/or delays due to the complexities of the review processes for clinical studies which involve an investigational device or 
diagnostic combined with the investigational product. We may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could negatively 
impact the timing of our pipeline development programs and may have a negative impact on our product development and 
launches and hence on future product sales, business, and results of operations. 
In addition, all aspects of our business, including research and development, manufacturing, marketing, reimbursement, pricing, 
and sales, are subject to extensive legislation and governmental regulation. Changes in applicable laws and the costs of 
compliance with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. 
For example, the pharmaceutical industry has experienced challenges due to the implementation of the new European Union 
regulations for Medical Devices (EU MDR) and for In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices (IVDR), which entered into force in May 2021 and 
May 2022, respectively. In October 2024, the European Parliament adopted a resolution for a revision of these regulations with a 
view to addressing challenges, in particular obstacles associated with the implementation of the EU MDR and IVDR; however, the 
outcome of that resolution is uncertain at this stage. The FDA's recent rulemaking on laboratory-developed tests (LDTs), 
implemented in May 2024, introduces significant regulatory uncertainty and potential delays in product availability as clinical 
testing laboratories in the US adapt to new requirements; this poses a risk to Sanofi clinical study timelines and the availability of 
testing to support commercial products given that LDTs are used for patient selection, product dose decisions, treatment 
monitoring and clinical study endpoints. 
For information about risks related to changes (i) in proprietary rights rules and regulations, see “– We rely on our patents and 
other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our products. If such patents and other rights were 
limited, invalidated, or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected” below; and (ii) in environmental rules and 
regulations, see “– Management of the historical contamination related to our past industrial activities could adversely impact our 
results of operations and reputation” below. 
In addition, changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or exposures to additional tax liabilities around the world 
could negatively impact our operating results. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense 
or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. As a result of the 2024 
presidential and legislative elections in the United States, changes to applicable laws and regulations that have been announced, 
proposed, and/or adopted, or could be made or expanded in the future, may result in new or expanded trade restrictions by the 
United States and/or other countries, including, but not limited to, tariffs or import taxes being applied to imported goods and 
services which could affect our operations and our exports into the United States. Other countries may implement trade 
restrictions and/or retaliatory measures as well. Any such trade restrictions or measures could affect our operations, our exports 
into the United States and other countries and/or our supply chains. Significant modifications to tax legislation are also expected 
in some of the markets where we operate, such as France and the United States. All these elements could negatively impact our 
business and operating results. 
Furthermore, most of the jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide 
a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues and capital gains. However, the outcome of those 
mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims can in some circumstances be uncertain and can be expected to be 
very lengthy. Provisions for tax contingencies are made based on experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about 
potential actions by tax authorities. However, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax 
matter may result in payments materially different from the amounts accrued. 
PART I 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 3
ITEM 3. Key Information 
We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain 
of our products. If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated, or circumvented, 
our financial results could be adversely affected 
Through patent and other proprietary rights, such as data exclusivity or supplementary protection certificates in Europe, we hold 
exclusivity rights for several of our research-based products. However, the protection that we are able to obtain varies in its 
duration and scope. Furthermore, patents and other proprietary rights do not always provide effective protection for our 
products. We cannot be certain that we will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in important 
markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated. 
For example, governmental authorities are increasingly looking to facilitate generic and biosimilar competition for existing 
products through new regulatory proposals intended to achieve, or resulting in, changes to the scope of patent or data 
exclusivity rights and using accelerated regulatory pathways for generic and biosimilar drug approvals. At the EU level, the 
proposed wide-ranging revision of the general pharmaceutical legislation may pose downside risks to innovation and 
competitiveness in Europe, primarily due to the reduction of intellectual property (IP) protections and a stricter incentives 
framework for orphan medicinal products (OMPs). Such regulatory proposals could make patent prosecution for new products 
more difficult and time consuming or could adversely affect the exclusivity period for our products. 
Moreover, manufacturers of generic products or biosimilars are increasingly seeking to challenge patent validity or coverage 
before the patents expire, and manufacturers of biosimilars or interchangeable versions of the products are seeking to have their 
version of the product approved before the exclusivity period ends. Furthermore, in an infringement suit against a third party, we 
may not prevail, and the decision rendered may not conclude that our patent or other proprietary rights are valid, enforceable, or 
infringed. Our competitors may also successfully avoid our patents. Even in cases where we ultimately prevail in an infringement 
claim, legal remedies available for harm caused to us by infringing products may be inadequate to make us whole. Moreover, a 
successful result against a competing product for a given patent or in a specific country is not necessarily predictive of our future 
success against another competing product or in another country because of local variations in the patents and patent laws. 
In addition, if we lose patent protection because of an adverse court decision or a settlement, we face the risk that government 
and private third-party payers and purchasers of pharmaceutical products may claim damages alleging they have over- 
reimbursed or overpaid for a drug. 
We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, which we seek 
to protect through various measures, including confidentiality agreements with licensees, employees, third-party collaborators, 
and consultants who may have access to such information. If these agreements are breached or our other protective measures 
should fail, then our contractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover our losses. 
In certain cases, to terminate or avoid patent litigation we or our collaboration partners may be required to obtain licenses from 
the holders of third-party intellectual property rights. Any payments under these licenses may reduce our profits from such 
products and we may not be able to obtain these licenses on favorable terms or at all. 
Third parties may also request a preliminary or permanent injunction in a country from a court of law to prevent us from marketing 
a product if they consider that we infringe their patent rights in that country. If third parties obtain a preliminary or permanent 
injunction or if we fail to obtain a required license for a country where valid third-party intellectual property rights as confirmed by 
a court of law exist, or if we are unable to alter the design of our technology to fall outside the scope of third-party intellectual 
property rights, we may be unable to market some of our products in certain countries, which may limit our profitability. 
In addition, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that 
we believe were improperly granted, including through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be 
successful. Third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. Claims of 
intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may 
result in significant royalty payments or damages. 
Furthermore, some countries may consider granting a compulsory license to a third party to use patents protecting an 
innovator’s product, which limits the value of the patent protection granted to such products. 
We have increased the proportion of biological therapeutics in our pipeline relative to traditional small molecule pharmaceutical 
products. Typically, the development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of biological therapeutics is complicated by third-party 
intellectual property rights (otherwise known as freedom to operate (FTO) issues), to a greater extent than for the small molecule 
therapeutics, because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, our ability to successfully challenge 
third-party patent rights is dependent on the legal interpretation and case law of national courts. In addition, we expect to face 
increasing competition from biosimilars in the future. With the accelerated regulatory pathways provided in the United States 
and Europe for biosimilar drug approval, biosimilars can be a threat to the exclusivity of any biological therapeutics we sell or may 
market in the future and can pose the same issues as the small molecule generic threat described above. If a biosimilar version of 
one of our products were to be approved, it could reduce our sales and/or profitability of that product. 
We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be 
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As 
our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a 
result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering, or using 
trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute, or otherwise violate our rights. 
If our patents and/or proprietary rights to our products were limited or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely 
affected. 
PART I 
4 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
Failure to comply with data ethics and privacy regulations could adversely affect our business 
and reputation 
We operate in an environment that relies on the collection, processing, analysis, and interpretation of large sets of patients’ and 
other individuals’ personal data, and the operation of our business requires data to flow freely across borders of numerous countries. 
The legal and regulatory environment of data privacy is diversified, with regional legislation such as the General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR) in Europe, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) in China, and other significant privacy legislation, 
including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the United States. As the framework continues to evolve, some 
uncertainty remains with respect to absence of clear guidance or case law. 
Such uncertainty could result in an operational risk limiting or preventing the transfer of data across borders, which may have an 
impact on our activities (e.g., on clinical studies). Breach of the regulations described above could also carry financial sanctions 
and may harm our reputation and those of our activities that rely on personal data processing. 
Furthermore, the increasing volume of data processed and advances in new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, have 
resulted in a greater focus on data governance and the ethical use of personal data. Failure in our data governance and ethical 
use of personal data could affect our business and reputation. 
Risks relating to our business 
The pricing and reimbursement of our products is negatively affected by increasing cost containment 
pressures and decisions of governmental authorities and other third parties 
The commercial success of our existing products and our product candidates depends in part on their pricing and reimbursement 
conditions. Our products are negatively affected by continued downward pricing pressure and scrutiny due, inter alia, to: 
• stricter price and access controls imposed by governments and other payers around the world:
– requirements for greater transparency around drug pricing and drug development costs, 
– widespread use of international reference pricing and therapeutic reference pricing, among other pricing methodologies 
and caps, 
– mandatory price cuts, renegotiations, industry payback and rebates, 
– delisting from reimbursement and restrictions on the label population, 
– access restrictions for high-priced innovative medicines,
– prescribing guidelines and binding medicine utilization controls, 
– Medicare drug price negotiations under the US Inflation Reduction Act (IRA),
– greater use of tendering and centralized procurement (national/regional/class-wide level), 
– cross-country cooperation in price negotiations, contracting or procurement, which is already occurring to some extent, 
such as the Vaccine Alliance (GAVI), the BeNeLuxA alliance in Europe, and the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), 
– shifting of the payment burden to US patients and access disruptions through copay accumulator and maximizer programs 
as well as alternative funding programs, 
– more aggressive formulary utilization management controls (including stepped therapy, strict prior authorization criteria, 
formulary exclusions) by US insurers and pharmacy benefits managers (PBMs), and 
– discriminatory and non-transparent pricing and procurement policies (e.g. government procurement restrictions, import 
bans) in favor of domestic pharmaceutical companies, 
– widespread use of health technology assessment (HTA) to inform coverage and reimbursement decisions, and
– more stringent evidence and value requirements (e.g. comparative effectiveness, patient preferences, real-word evidence, 
health economic modelling) by payers and HTA authorities, raising the bar for market entry, 
• unreasonable thresholds for cost-effectiveness :
– increasingly restrictive HTA decisions with significant variation across markets; increased generic and biosimilar 
competition, accelerating price erosion, and 
– next generation biosimilars coming to the market across major therapeutic areas; and
• potential savings from increased biosimilar use, which are expected to be a cumulative $290 billion globally from 2023 to 2027 
and could reach $383 billion  according to the IQVIA Institute's recent Global Use of Medicines report: 
– evolving regulatory landscapes to support interchangeability (e.g., in the US and EU) and pharmacy substitution (e.g. in the 
EU Nordic countries, Germany and France). 
In the United States, which accounted for 48.7% of our net sales in 2024, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was enacted in 
August 2022. The law includes three core drug pricing provisions (Medicare negotiation, Part D redesign, and Medicare inflation 
penalties). Significant uncertainties remain on the process and methods of Medicare negotiation. While no Sanofi product was 
among the first ten drugs to face Medicare price negotiations in 2024, the new legislation may likely have a negative impact on 
our revenue growth and will influence our portfolio strategy in the mid- to longer term. However, recent election results in the US 
may spark uncertainty for the IRA. Although a full repeal of the IRA may be unlikely due to budgetary impact, the new US 
administration could change some of the IRA provisions, including Medicare drug price negotiations. 
Furthermore, we face increasing pricing pressure and gross-to-net (GTN) erosion from continuing vertical integration and 
consolidation of the US health insurance market, as well as political scrutiny over insulin prices, which resulted in the list price of 
Lantus being lowered by 78% effective January 1, 2024. With the three largest pharmacy benefit manager group purchasing 
organizations (PBM GPOs) (Ascent, Zinc and Emisar) now covering over 85% of prescription drug claims, consolidation has led to 
increased utilization management and restrictive formularies, increasing the negotiating power of PBMs over drug manufacturers 
and thereby adversely impacting our sales. 
PART I 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 5
ITEM 3. Key Information 
Under the new US administration we could face unpredictable drug pricing policies, an increasing focus on price transparency, 
persistent supply chain challenges due to high dependency on active pharmaceutical ingredient imports, an ‘America First’ 
protectionist policy, and explosive growth of the federal 340B drug pricing program. 
In China, high pricing pressure and intensifying local competition are expected to continue as a growing number of our products 
are subject to national reimbursement drug list (NRDL) negotiations and national volume-based procurement (VBP) tenders, 
giving priority to the lowest prices with limited acceptability of value based-pricing. At market entry, new drugs listed on the 
NRDL had an average price cut of 60.1% over the past five years. Further expansion of the (VBP) policy to biologics and 
biosimilars also poses a growing threat to our key established products and our biologics portfolio, with over 500 drugs targeted 
for inclusion by 2025. 
Several factors may hinder or delay our research and development efforts to renew our portfolio 
of medicines and vaccines 
Discovering and developing a new medicine or vaccine is a costly, lengthy, and uncertain process. To be successful in the highly 
competitive biopharmaceutical industry, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and development in order 
to develop new medicines and vaccines to compensate for decreasing sales of medicines and vaccines facing patent expiration 
and termination of regulatory data exclusivity, introduction of lower-priced generics and biosimilars, or competition from new 
product launches by competitors that are perceived as being equivalent or superior to our therapies. We must pursue both 
research and early- and late-stage development to achieve a sustainable and well-balanced portfolio. In 2024, we spent 
€7,394  million on research and development, amounting to 18.0% of our net  sales. As part of an update on our Play to Win 
strategy, we announced in October 2023 our intent to increase our research and development spend. Failure to invest in the 
right technology platforms, disease areas, medicine or vaccine classes, geographic markets, and licensing or acquisition 
opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our internal pipeline. 
We are pursuing a pipeline-driven transformation, including potential multi-indication opportunities such as amlitelimab, 
frexalimab, and the oral TNFR1si, intended to address unmet medical needs in markets with a low penetration of novel therapies, 
or where there is no current effective therapy approved. We focus our R&D strategy on therapeutics in immunology, rare 
diseases, neurology, and selectively in oncology. In 2021, Sanofi acquired Translate Bio to accelerate the deployment of mRNA 
technology for the development of new vaccines, including for seasonal influenza, and beyond vaccines, therapeutics where 
there is a strong unmet medical need. However, mRNA technology is still in its early days and the ability of this technology to 
produce strong results with an acceptable safety profile remains to be fully asserted. We may fail to improve our development 
productivity sufficiently to sustain our pipeline (see also “— We may fail to successfully identify external business opportunities 
or realize the anticipated benefits from our strategic investments or divestments” below). 
The competitive landscape includes a high level of uncertainty as numerous companies are working on or may be evaluating 
similar targets to us. A medicine or vaccine considered as promising at the beginning of its development may become less 
attractive if a competitor addressing the same unmet need reaches the market earlier. There can be no assurance that any of 
our pipeline candidates will be proven safe or effective (see “Item  4. Information on the Company —  B.  Business Overview 
— B.4. Global research & development”). Over these research and development cycles, usually spanning several years, there is a 
substantial risk at each stage of development – including pre-clinical activities and clinical studies – that we will not achieve our 
goals of safety and/or efficacy and that we will have to abandon a medicine or vaccine in which we have invested substantial 
amounts of money and human resources. For instance, the global clinical development program of amcenestrant for breast 
cancer was discontinued in August  2022 following the outcome of the prespecified interim analysis of a Phase  3 study. As 
another example, in late 2023, based on the outcome of a prespecified interim analysis of a Phase 3 study, the global clinical 
development program for tusamitamab ravtansine was discontinued after the Independent Data Monitoring Committee found 
that the compound, as a monotherapy, did not meet its dual primary endpoints. Studies are increasingly designed with clinical 
endpoints of superiority, which means that failure to achieve those endpoints could damage the medicine or vaccine’s outlook 
and our overall development program. 
Decisions concerning the studies to be carried out can have a significant impact on the marketing strategy for a given medicine 
or vaccine. Multiple in-depth studies can demonstrate that a medicine or vaccine has additional benefits, facilitating the 
marketing, but such studies are expensive and time consuming and may delay the medicine or vaccine’s submission to 
regulatory authorities for approval. 
In addition, following (or in some cases in parallel with) the marketing authorization, a dossier is also submitted to governmental 
agencies and/or national or regional third-party payers for review. These Health Technology Assessment (HTA) bodies evaluate 
evidence on the value of the new medicine or vaccine, assess the medical need it serves, and provide recommendations on the 
corresponding reimbursement. Such analyses may require additional studies, including comparative studies, which may 
effectively delay marketing, change the population which the new medicine or vaccine treats, and add costs to the 
development. Our continuous investments in our research and development pipeline, and in launches of newly registered 
molecules, could therefore result in increased costs without a proportionate increase in revenues, which would negatively affect 
our operating results and profitability. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all medicines or vaccines approved or launched will generally achieve commercial 
success. 
Finally, even after a medicine or vaccine reaches the market, certain developments following regulatory approval may reduce 
demand for them. Clinical studies and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed medicines and vaccines have the 
potential to raise concerns among some prescribers and patients relating to the safety, efficacy, or tolerability of 
pharmaceuticals in general, which could negatively affect sales or lead to increased volatility in market reaction. 
PART I 
6 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 
ITEM 3. Key Information 
Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result 
in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business, or reputational harm 
Our business depends heavily on the use of interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems 
and digital tools. Certain key areas such as research and development, production and sales are largely dependent on our 
information systems (including cloud-based computing) or those of third-party providers (including for the storage and transfer 
of critical, confidential, sensitive, or personal information regarding our patients, clinical studies, vendors, customers, employees, 
collaborators and others). We are therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents and misuse or manipulation of any 
of these IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information or the modification of critical data. 
We and our third-party service providers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors or other contracting third parties use, to 
the best of our ability, secure information technology systems for the protection of data and threat detection. Like many 
companies, we may experience certain of the following events which pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems 
and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data: breakdown, outages, service disruption or 
impairment, data loss or deterioration in the event of a system malfunction or increasing threat of data theft or corruption in the 
event of a cyber-attack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks, insider threat attacks, cybercrimes, including state- 
sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Also, in the event 
of an attack, US and European legislation related to the financing of terrorism imposes increasing restrictions on payments of 
ransom. As a result, our ability to recover the data might be limited. Therefore, our business continuity could be at risk if we are 
unable to recover data through back-ups and restorations. In addition, in the EU, a number of existing and forthcoming rules and 
laws – including NIS2, the European Health Data Space (EHDS), the Data Act, the Cyber Resilience Act and the AI Act – are 
changing privacy and cybersecurity compliance requirements, and creating new potential enforcement risks. 
We are increasingly using generative artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance our business processes. Although we have set up a 
governance body to control the AI initiatives taken on a company-wide scale and have made a generative AI charter available to 
all our employees, this new technology, like other AI technology, entails risks linked to transparency, fairness, data privacy and 
confidentiality, eco-responsibility, and cybersecurity. These risks could result in unintended consequences such as unethical 
practices, business and reputational harm, cyber-attacks, and security breaches (see “—  We may fail to develop or take 
advantage of digitalization and prioritizing data as an organizational asset” below). There is a global trend towards more 
comprehensive regulation of AI that may require us to modify existing or adopt new compliance procedures or developments. 
Each of these events could negatively impact important processes, such as scientific research and clinical studies, the submission 
of outcomes to health authorities for marketing authorizations, the functioning of production processes and the supply chain, 
compliance with legal requirements, trade secrets, security strategies and other key activities, including Sanofi’s employees’ 
ability to communicate between themselves as well as with third parties (see also “—  Product liability claims could adversely 
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). This could result in material financial, legal, competitive, 
operational, business, or reputational harm. 
Although we maintain relevant insurance coverage, this insurance may not be sufficiently available in the future to cover the 
financial, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. For example, certain types 
of cyber-attacks could be considered as an act of war subject to insurance exclusion. 
The manufacture of our products is technically complex, and supply interruptions, product recalls or 
inventory losses caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely affect our operating results 
and financial condition, delay the launch of new products, and negatively impact our image 
Many of our products are manufactured using technically complex processes with production constraints, including the need for 
specialized facilities, trained and certified employees, and highly specific raw materials. We must ensure that all manufacturing 
processes comply with (i) current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), (ii) other applicable regulations issued by governmental 
health authorities around the world, as well as (iii)  our own quality standards. Third parties supply us with a portion of our raw 
materials, active ingredients, and medical devices, which exposes us to the risk of a supply shortage or interruption especially if 
these suppliers are unable to manufacture our products in line with quality standards or if they experience financial difficulties. 
Epidemics and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, expose us to risks of a slowdown or temporary 
suspension in the production of our active pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials, and some of our products. Any prolonged 
restrictive measures put in place to control an outbreak of contagious disease or other adverse public health development, in a 
country, state or region in which any of our principal production sites are located, may have a material and adverse effect on our 
manufacturing operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition (see 
“Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.7. Production and raw materials” for a description of these 
outsourcing arrangements and “A failure in our crisis and business continuity management processes in case of unpredictable 
events could have negative consequences for our business, operations and reputation” below). 
Our business may require the transformation and adaptation of our plants to ensure the continuity of production of our products 
in sufficient quantities to satisfy demand. This may be necessary to meet the need to produce new products, including biologics, 
or to ensure the scaling up production of products under development once approved. This need may also result from new 
regulatory requirements. Furthermore, our biological products are subject to the risk of manufacturing stoppages or the risk of 
loss of inventory because of the difficulties inherent in the processing of biological materials and the potential difficulties in 
accessing adequate amounts of raw materials meeting required standards. In addition, specific storage and distribution 
conditions are required for many biological products (for example, cold storage is required for certain vaccines, insulin-based 
products, and some hemophilia products). These production difficulties may also be encountered during testing, which is a 
mandatory requirement prior to drug products being released. 
PART I 
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 7
ITEM 3. Key Information 
The complexity of our production processes, as well as standards required for the manufacture of our products, subject us to 
risks because the investigation and remediation of any identified or suspected problems can cause production delays, 
substantial expense, product recalls or lost sales and inventories, and delay the launch of new products; this could adversely 
affect our operating results and financial condition, and cause reputational damage and the risk of product liability (see 
“— Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). In addition, 
some of our production sites, and some of our suppliers’ and/or contractors’ sites, are in areas exposed to natural disasters such 
as floods, earthquakes, and hurricanes (see “— Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate 
change may negatively affect our business and results of operations” below). Such disasters could be exacerbated by climate 
change. In the event of a major disaster, we could experience severe destruction or interruption of our operations and 
production capacity at these sites. 
When manufacturing disruptions occur, we may not have alternate manufacturing capacity, particularly for certain biologics. In 
the event of manufacturing disruptions, our ability to use backup facilities or set up new facilities is more limited because 
biologics are more complex to manufacture and generally require dedicated facilities. Even though we aim to have backup 
sources of supply whenever possible, including by manufacturing backup supplies of our principal active ingredients at 
additional facilities when practicable, we cannot be certain they will be sufficient if our principal sources become unavailable. 
Switching sources and manufacturing facilities requires significant time and prior approval by health authorities. 
Supply shortages generate even greater negative reactions when they occur with respect to life saving medicines with limited 
or no viable therapeutic alternatives. Shortages of specific products can have a negative impact on the confidence of patients, 
customers and professional healthcare providers and the image of Sanofi and may lead to lower product revenues. 
A substantial share of the revenue and income of Sanofi depends on the performance of certain 
flagship products 
Our strategy, as presented in December 2019 and completed as part of our R&D Day presentation in December 2023, focuses 
on key growth drivers including (but not limited to) Dupixent, Vaccines, and key therapeutic areas in immunology. Nevertheless, 
market expansion and new launches of medicines and vaccines may not deliver the anticipated benefits. We may also 
encounter delays or failures in our launch strategy (in terms of timing, pricing, market access, marketing efforts, and dedicated 
sales forces), such that our products may not deliver the expected benefits. The competitive environment for a given medicine 
or vaccine may also have changed by the time of the actual launch, modifying our initial forecasts. The need to prioritize the 
allocation of resources may also cause delays in or hamper the launch or expansion of certain medicines or vaccines. 
Also, we currently generate a substantial share of our net sales from certain key products (see “Item  5.  Operating and 
Financial Review and Prospects — A.2.1. Net sales — 3/Net Sales – Biopharma segment”). For example, Dupixent generated net 
sales of €13,072 million in 2024 representing 31.8%  of our net sales for the year and is Sanofi’s biggest product in terms of sales. 
Among our flagship products, Lantus, Lovenox, Plavix, Jevtana and Aubagio
 already face generic competition on the market. In 
2024, Lantus was one of Sanofi’s leading products with net sales of € 1,628 million. With respect to influenza, which represented 
30.8% of vaccines net sales in 2024, we may face potential challenges. The influenza market is expected to have several new 
competitive entrants, both from standalone flu mRNA and COVID-flu combinations, who could be on the market ahead of us. 
Additionally, the influenza market globally is subject to intense pricing pressure, as well as a decrease in vaccination coverage. 
The combination of such factors could result in a lowering of revenue from sales of influenza vaccines. Beyfortus, which 
represented 20.3% of our vaccines net sales in 2024, may also face competition from another monoclonal antibody in the 
coming years, which could negatively impact our revenue in this area. 
More generally, expiration of effective intellectual property protections for our products typically results in the market entry of 
one or more lower-priced generic competitors, often leading to a rapid and significant decline in revenues from those products 
(for information regarding ongoing patent litigation see Note  D.22.b. to the consolidated financial statements included at 
Item 18. of this annual report). 
The introduction of a generic product results in adverse price and volume effects for our branded or genericized products. For 
example, although we do not believe it is possible to state with certainty what level of net sales would have been achieved in the 
absence of generic competition, a comparison of our consolidated net sales for 2024 and 2023 for the main products affected 
by generic and biosimilar competition shows a loss of € 794 million of net sales on a reported basis (see “Item 5. Operating and 
Financial Review and Prospects —  A.1.2.  Impacts of Competition from generics and biosimilars”). However, other parameters 
may have contributed to the loss of sales, such as a fall in the average price of certain products (e.g., Lantus). 
Furthermore, in general, if one or more of our flagship products were to encounter problems (such as material product liability 
litigation, unexpected side effects, product recalls, non-approval by the health authorities of a new indication for a marketed 
product, pricing pressure and manufacturing or supply issues), the adverse impact on our business, results of operations and 
financial condition could be significant. 
PART I 
8 SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 

ITEM 3. Key Information 
We rely on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing, and distribution of some 
of our products 
Our industry is both highly collaborative and competitive, whether in the discovery and development of new products, in- 
licensing, the marketing and distribution of approved products, or manufacturing activities. We expect that we will continue to 
rely on third parties for key aspects of our business and we need to ensure our attractiveness as a potential partner. 
We conduct several significant research and development programs and market some of our products in collaboration with 
other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. For example, we currently have a global strategic collaboration with 
Regeneron on monoclonal antibodies for the development and commercialization of Dupixent, Kevzara (sarilumab) and 
SAR440340 (REGN3500- itepekimab) (see  “Item  5.  Operating and Financial Review and Prospects —  A.1.7. Financial 
Presentation of Alliances — 1/  Alliance Arrangements with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.”). We rely upon Regeneron to 
successfully carry out their responsibilities regarding the manufacture and supply of these collaboration antibodies 
(see  “Item  4.  Information on the Company —  B.  Business Overview”). In May 2024, we announced a co-exclusive licensing 
agreement to develop novel flu-COVID-19 combination vaccines with Novavax (see above —“Several factors may hinder or 
delay our research and development efforts to renew our portfolio of medicines and vaccines”). We may also rely on partners to 
design and manufacture medical devices, in particular for the administration of our products. Finally, we may rely on partners for 
the development and commercialization of in-vitro diagnostic tests used in clinical studies, and in-vitro diagnostic tests 
specified in the labeling of our products as necessary or useful for the management of patients taking our products. As regards 
some products launched or under development for which we have a collaboration agreement with partners, the terms of the 
applicable alliance agreement may require us to share profits and losses arising from commercialization of such products with 
our partners. This differs from the treatment of revenue and costs generated by other products for which we have no alliance 
agreement, and such profit sharing may deliver a lower contribution to our financial results. 
We could also be subject to the risk that we may not properly manage the decision-making process with our partners. Decisions 
may be controlled by, or subject to the approval of our collaboration partners, who may have views that differ from ours. We are 
also subject to the risk that our partners may not perform effectively, which could have a detrimental effect when our 
collaboration partners are responsible for the performance of certain key tasks or functions, for example related to 
manufacturing or distribution. This risk is further increased by the growing number of distribution centers divested by Sanofi as 
part of its global strategy and by the resulting growing externalization of distribution tasks and functions. 
Any failures in the development process or differing priorities may adversely affect our business, including the activities 
conducted through our collaboration arrangements. We also cannot guarantee that third-party manufacturers will be able to 
meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, for internal reasons (e.g. in case of financial difficulties), reasons 
directly related to their contractual relationship with Sanofi, or external reasons (e.g. in the event of a health crisis). Thereby, 
following the completion of the spin-off of EUROAPI in May 2022, EUROAPI became a third-party manufacturer and continues 
to manufacture a certain number of active pharmaceutical ingredients for Sanofi. We are also subject to the risk that contract 
research organizations or other vendors (for instance regarding digital activities) retained by us, or our collaboration partners 
may not perform effectively. 
Any conflicts, difficulties or litigation with our partners during these agreements or at the time of their renewal or renegotiation, 
or any disruption in the relationships with our partners, may affect the development, manufacturing, launch and/or marketing of 
certain of our products or product candidates and may cause a decline in our revenues or otherwise negatively affect our results 
of operations. 
We are subject to the risk of non-payment by our customers (1)
Our customers, which consist principally of wholesalers, distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics, and government agencies, 
present risks related to delayed payments or even non-payment. This risk is accentuated by recent concentrations among 
distributors and retailers, as well as by ongoing uncertainties in global credit markets and economic conditions, in particular in 
emerging markets. As a result, we may be affected by fluctuations in the buying patterns of such customers. The United States 
presents specific customer credit risk issues because of the concentrated pharmaceutical distribution system: in 2024 our three 
main customers represented respectively 15%, 11% and 8% of our consolidated net sales, respectively. We are also exposed to 
large wholesalers in other regions, particularly in Europe. An inability of one or more of these wholesalers to honor their debts to 
us could adversely affect our financial condition (see Note D.34. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of 
this annual report). 
In certain countries, some of our customers are public or subsidized health systems. The economic and credit conditions in 
these countries could further extend the average collection period for accounts receivable, putting additional strain on our 
working capital. 
PART I 
(1) The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS  7 as presented in Notes  B.8.7., D.10. and D.34. to our consolidated 
financial statements, provided at Item 18. of this annual report.
SANOFI     FORM 20-F 2024 9 

ITEM 3. Key Information 
Global economic conditions and an unfavorable financial environment could have negative 
consequences for our business(2)
Over the past several years, growth of the global pharmaceutical market has increasingly been tied to global economic trends. In 
this context, a substantial and lasting slowdown or instability of the global economy, major national economies or emerging 
markets could negatively affect the global pharmaceutical market's growth and, as a result, adversely affect our business. For 
example, unpredictable geopolitical conditions that currently exist in various parts of the world could have a material negative 
impact on our business, in particular the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the escalation of violence and potential 
further conflicts in the Middle East. The consequences of these conflicts remain uncertain, and will depend on developments 
outside Sanofi’s control, including, but not limited to the duration and severity of the conflicts, and the consequences of the 
ongoing and additional financial and economic sanctions imposed by governments in response. Sanofi faces rising tensions 
between the US and China, two of our key markets. Trade, economic, technological and military conflicts could disrupt supply 
chains, raise raw material costs, and affect clinical and manufacturing operations and business strategy. Other related issues have 
arisen or are arising such as regional instability; geopolitical uncertainties; adverse effects on fuel and energy costs, supply chains, 
macroeconomic conditions, inflation, and currency exchange rates in various regions of the world and exposure of third parties to 
gas shortages. Collectively, such unstable conditions could, among other things, disturb the international flow of goods and 
increase the costs and difficulties associated with international transactions. 
Unfavorable economic conditions have reduced the sources of funding for national social security systems, leading to austerity 
measures including heightened pressure on drug prices, increased substitution of generic drugs, and the exclusion of certain 
products from formularies among others (see  “—  The pricing and reimbursement of our products is negatively affected by 
increasing cost containment pressures and decisions of governmental authorities and other third parti

[truncated]