BETA Close X Imperial Brands PLC has announced its issued share capital as of June 30, 2026, which comprises 832,670,808 ordinary shares of 10 pence each. Of these, 62,589,137 ordinary shares are held in treasury, resulting in a total of 770,081,671 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine notification requirements under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Imperial Brands PLC 01 July 2026 Imperial Brands PLC Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. 549300DFVPOB67JL3A42 Voting Rights and Capital In conformity with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules provision 5.6.1, Imperial Brands PLC (the "Company") hereby notifies the market of the following: The Company's issued share capital as at 30 June 2026 consisted of 832,670,808 shares of 10 pence each ("Ordinary Shares"), of which 62,589,137 Ordinary Shares were held in Treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 770,081,671. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Chris Winters Deputy Company Secretary Copies of our announcements are available on our website: https://www.imperialbrandsplc.com/investor-hub/stock-exchange-announcements This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Imperial Brands (IMB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and