IMPERIAL
ye BRANDS

A

Image
removed

mn

*ASXRBQ89*
A07 06/02/20;
COMPANIES

SS

19:
21 #10
HOUSE

ANNUAL REPORT
AND ACCOUNTS 2020

— OUR BUSINESS

~ Our business is evolving. We appointed a new Chair and Chief Executive in
the year and began to review our strategy with the aim of strengthening
future performance and taking Imperial Brands into a new era of growth.

— CONTENTS — HIGHLIGHTS
Strategy 6
Pesiomance Overview 3 View from the top: Our New Chair
Chief Executive's Q&A 5 An introduction from our new Chair
Our Regulatory Environment 10. Therese Esperdy.
Our Business Model and Strategy u > See page2
Key Performance Indicators 12
Our Stakeholders 4
Our People 16
Performance View from the top: Our New CEO
ESG Review 20 Our new Chief Executive Officer Stefan Bomhard
- Operating Review 29 shares his thoughts on the future of the business.
Financial Review 36 > See pages
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 42
Governance
Chair's Introduction 62
Board of Directors 64 Engaging with Stakeholders
Board Engagement 68 We engaged with a broad range of stakeholders in
‘The Board and its Committees 70 the year.
Directors’ Report 86 > See page 14
Directors’ Remuneration Report 96
Financials
Independent Auditors’ Report 125
Consolidated Income Statement 136
Consolidated Statement Celebrating our People
of Comprehensive Income 136 Our people worked tirelessly to keep the business
Consolidated Balance Sheet 137 going in unprecedented circumstances.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 138 > See page 16
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 139
Notes to the Financial Statements 140
Imperial Brands PLC Balance Sheet 191
Imperial Brands PLC Statement of Changes in Equity 191
Notes to the Financial Statements
of Imperial Brands PLC 192 Managing our ESG Responsibilities
We have a clear focus on our core environmental,
Supplementary information social and governance responsibilities.
Related Undertakings 196 > See page 20
Shareholder Information 212

— PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW

TOBACCO & NGP NET REVENUE*

£8.0bn

+0.8%

ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE*

254.4p

-5.6%

DIVIDEND PER SHARE**

137.7p

-33.3%

ASSET BRAND NET REVENUE* Performance measures

used throughout the report
£5.2bn nto

+1.0%

SHARE

158.3p

+49,3%

* Movement on a constant currency basis.
** Rebased by a third to accelerate debt repayment. Serge ie rurkasinahich an

Complies with International Financial
Reporting Standards and the relevant
legislation.

‘Adjusted (Non-GAAP)
Non-GAAP measures provide a useful
‘comparison of performance from one

REPORTED EARNINGS PER period to the next, Reconciliations can

be found in notes 3, 6,8, 10 and 31.

Constant currency basis
Removes the effect of exchange rate
‘movements on the translation of the
results of our overseas operations. We
translate current year results at prior
year foreign exchange rates.

Market share
Market share data is presented as
12-month moving average weighted

operate,

> More detailed information on how we stick equivalent
measure progress against our financial Stick equivalent volumes reflect our

‘combined cigarette, fine cut tobacco,

and non-financial key performance Cigar and snus volumes
indicators can be found on pages 12-13

— NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION STATEMENT

The following table constitutes our Non-Financial Information Statement in compliance with Sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act
2006, The information listed is incorporated by cross-reference. Additional Non-Financial Information is also available on our website

www.imperialbrands.com.

Reporting

cies and standards

Information necessary to understand our business and

requirement ‘which govern our approach! its impact, policy due diligence and outcomes
Environmental matters _- Occupational health, safety and environmental Environmental targets 13, 20, 21, 22
Policy and framework International management systems 22,24
+ Sustainable tobacco programme
Glimate and energy 13, 20, 21, 23, 45
Reducing waste 13,20, 21
Sustainable tobacco supply 20,21
Employees ~ Code of Conduct Diverse and engaged worktorce ’ 18,19
* Group-wide employment policy Workforce Engagement Director 18
+ Faimess at work policy
+ Occupational health, safety and environmental Workplace health and safety 13, 24, 25
policy and framework international management systems 22, 24
Lost time accident (LTA) rate 13,24
Respect for ~ Human rights policy Diverse and engaged workforce 18,19
human rights * Code of Conduct Workforce Engagement Director 18
+ Supplier Code
+ Supplier qualification programme Workplace health and safety 13, 24, 25
+ Modem slavery statement International management systems 22, 24
+ Speaking Up policy
Social matters ~ Tnternational marketing standards Responsible operations and people 20-28
- Fontem marketing standards Youth access prevention od
+ Policy on taxation
+ Community contributions and volunteering policy Charitable and political donations 87
+ Information security policy
‘Anti-corruption > Code of Conduct How we manage risk 42
and anti-bribery + Fraud risk management policy Governance. risk management and 32,83
+ Speaking Up policy intemal control
+ Finance manual
+ Group control matrix
Description of principal _- Principal risks and uncertainties 42-59
risks and impact of - Governance, risk management and internal 82,83
business activity control :
Description of the ~ Our business model TT
business model
Non-financial key ~ Key performance indicators 12,13
performance indicators - Sustainability performance indicators 13, 22, 24, 26

1. Not all of our Group policies and standards are publicly available,

www.imperialbrandsple.com 1

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

LOOKING TO THE
FUTURE WITH
CONFIDENCE

Thérése Esperdy is the new
Chair of Imperial, having
previously served as Senior
Independent Director since
May 2019. Thérése joined
the Board in July 2016 and

was appointed Chair on . |

1 January 2020.

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

- This was a year of significant change, in which the Board
took decisive action to address performance issues and
strengthen leadership capabilities. After appointing a new
Chief Executive Officer, we initiated a strategic review of
the Company that is assessing all aspects of our strategy,
business model, culture and purpose. The results will be
shared with stakeholders in January 2021.

The actions we have taken underpin our commitment to
create a more consumer focused organisation that will
deliver stronger and more consistent results in both
tobacco and next generation products (NGP). The Board
firmly believes Imperial has great potential and we will
continue to make the improvements required to realise
the value creation opportunities that lie ahead.

“The Board firmly believes Imperial has
great potential and we will continue to
make the improvements required to
realise the value creation opportunities
that lie ahead.”

Our new CEO Stefan Bomhard will be instrumental in
realising these opportunities. He joined the Board on

1 July 2020, following five successful years as CEO at
Inchcape, the global automotive distribution and retail
company. He brings significant brand-building and
consumer-led sales and marketing expcricnce from large
multinational organisations across multiple sectors

2 Imperial Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Image
removed

Stefan is our first external CEO and is providing a fresh
perspective at a pivotal time for the business. As well as
leading Imperial through the final quarter of the year, Stefan
has been strengthening the Executive Committee (ExCom)
to ensure we have the skills, experience and capabilities
required to realise our ambitions.

COVID-19

The commitment of our employees has enabled us to
respond effectively to the challenges posed by COVID-19.
We continued to prioritise their health and safety as we
entered the second wave of the pandemic. On behalf of the
Board, I would like to thank all our people around the world
for their support and dedication.

The vast majority of our manufacturing sites operated
throughout the coronavirus crisis, ensuring we maintained
supply to our consumers, Employees in other functions
worked from home and many continue to do so, as we
embed new and more flexible ways of working

The Board was highly engaged in the way the organisation
responded to the situation. At the height of the pandemic,
the safety of our people and the performance of the
business were the most important agenda items in all
formal and informal Board meetings.

Iwas in contact with our executive and senior management
team throughout, and the Board received detailed weekly
update reports, A series of additional Board calls with senior
leaders was established to enable Non-Executive Directors
to hear and discuss how the business was responding.
Although the level of engagement was adjusted as the
situation stabilised during the second half of the year,

the Board continues to receive regular updates.

STATEMENT ON SECTION 172 OF THE
COMPANIES ACT 2006

The ongoing sustainable success of the business is
dependent on our relationship with a wide range of
stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers,
employees, suppliers, retailers, governments and
non-governmental organisations.

Your Board seeks to consider the interests of all
relevant stakeholders when reaching decisions.

Throughout this report you will find information
about how the Board operates and makes decisions
in accordance with Section 172 of the Companies Act,
which states that:

+ A director of a company must act in the way he/
she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the company for the benefit
of its members as a whole, and in doing so have
regard (amongst other matters) to:

»

the likely consequences of any decision in the
long term,

the interests of the company’s employees,

the need to foster the company's business
relationships with suppliers, customers and others,
the impact of the company’s operations on the
community and the environment,

the desirability of the company maintaining a
reputation for high standards of business
conduct, and

the need to act fairly as between members of
the company,

oa

2

a

ny

> See pages 14, 15 and 68 for more information

Balance sheet and dividend

COVID-19 impacted the timing of the completion of the sale
of our Premium Cigar business in the year. The transaction
was completed in the first quarter of the new financial year
realising proceeds of €1.1 billion, which will be used to
reduce debt.

The importance of deleveraging to strengthen the balance
sheet and support a more flexible approach to capital
allocation has been heightened by the uncertainty and
volatility of the current environment.

With that in mind, the Board decided in May to rebase the
dividend by one-third to accelerate debt repayment. Going
forward, we will retain a progressive dividend policy, with
the dividend growing annually from the rebased level,
taking into account underlying business performance.

Board engagement

Given the level of change during the year, it was imperative
for myself and the Board to step up our stakeholder
engagement. My focus was on shareholders and employees.

Thave regularly engaged with shareholders throughout the
year, recognising the need to hear their concerns directly
and to inform them of the steps we are taking to address
performance issues, as well as updating them on our
progress with the Chair, CEO and CFO transitions. | have
welcomed engagement through the Investor Forum, which
has provided a useful conduit to address shareholder
concerns. We have also had constructive dialogue with
shareholders on the proposed new Remuneration Policy.

“Given the level of change during the
year, it was imperative for myself and
the Board to step up our stakeholder
engagement.”

My communication with employees was focused on
keeping them updated on the appointment of Stefan,
including introducing him to the business. I have also
engaged with our people on the importance of working
together to create a new and inclusive culture that

will support the new strategy and embrace diversity ,
and equality,

Environmental, social and governance
responsibilities

Our sustainability strategy is integral to our long-term
success and frames the way we manage our environmental,
social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, ESG
considerations inform the way we run the business and
are regularly assessed by the Board.

One of my first actions as Chair was to establish an
ESG Steering Committee to provide greater oversight
of the way we address ESG issues. The committee is
chaired by me and is comprised of senior leaders from
across the business.

The committee's initial focus has been to establish key
performance indicators for our main ESG responsibilities.
We will start reporting against these new KPIs in the 2021
financial year, once they have been aligned with the
refreshed corporate strategy.

www imperialbrandsple.com 3

Board changes

My predecessor Mark Williamson, who served on the Board
for 13 years, including six as Chairman, stepped down in
December and I would like to thank him for the significant
contribution he made to Imperial over the years.

Former Chief Executive Alison Cooper and Chief
Development Officer Matthew Phillips left the business
in February and Dominic Brisby (Divisional Director,
Americas, Africa, Asia and Australasia) and Joerg
Biebernick (Divisional Director, Europe) assumed the
roles of Joint Interim CEOs, until Stefan’s appointment.

Dominic and Joerg took on these roles just weeks before
the coronavirus pandemic worsened, leading to lockdown
restrictions across our markets. I would like to thank them
for stepping up to lead the business in such challenging
circumstances, Both have returned to their divisional roles,
reporting to Stefan.

In June Karen Witts, Chair of the Audit Committee, stepped
down from the Board after six years as a Non-Executive
Director. Jon Stanton, who has been a member of the

Audit Committee since May 2019 and has the required
relevant financial experience, took over as Chair of the
Audit Committee. My thanks to Karen for her

considerable contribution.

In July we welcomed Pierre-Jean Sivignon to the Board
as Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit
Committee. Pierre-Jean is an experienced finance
professional, having held Chief Financial Officer positions
at a number of companies including the global retailer
Groupe Carrefour, where he was also deputy Chief
Executive Officer. Pierre-Jean's international financial
expertise in customer facing businesses will be of great
value to Imperial,

Bob Kunze-Concewitz, Chief Executive of Campari Group,
will join the Board on 1 November 2020. Bob has a wealth of
international business experience and is particularly
skilled at marketing, having held a number of senior roles
at leading FMCG companies. His skills and capabilities will
be another strong addition to the Board.

4 Imperial Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2020

CHAIR'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

I was pleascd that Sue Clark agreed to succeed me as
Senior independent Director in January. Sue is also Chair
of the Remuneration Committee and has been leading the
current Remuneration Policy review, which will be put to
shareholders for approval at the Annual General Meeting
in February 2021.

These appointments reflect my drive to reshape the Board
and strengthen its capabilities to bring real insight and
experience from the consumer and retailer sectors. [am
determined to improve the diversity of the Board going
forward to ensure we have the best possible mix of skills,
experience and perspectives to support the business.

“Stefan’s arrival has energised Imperial.
He brings focus and discipline to the
business and has rapidly built strong
relationships with employees, who are
providing him with their full support.”

The year ahead

2020 was a year of substantial change and we look to the
future with renewed optimism and confidence

Stefan’s arrival has energised Imperial. He brings focus
and discipline to the business and has rapidly built strong
relationships with employees, who are providing him with
their full support.

The Board is working with Stefan to finalise the strategic
teview and we look forward to updating stakeholders early
in the 2021 calendar year. Tobacco will continue to be the
core focus, supported by stronger, more disciplined NGP
operations. Our key aim is to ensure that over time, we
deliver a better and more consistent performance that

will create long-term sustainable value.

Thine Geprdy

THERESE ESPERDY
Chair

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S Q&A

Image
removed

1. What attracted you to Imperial Brands?

Imperial is a great consumer business that, despite the best
efforts of employees, has not lived up to its potential in
recent times. So, the attraction for me is the opportunity to
lead a revitalised team that over time can deliver stronger
results and create long-term value.

“| want us to become a successful
consumer centric company that
we can all be proud of.”

The foundations for building a successful consumer centric
company that we can all be proud of are very much here.

I believe in freedom of choice and respect the preferences
of millions of adult smokers around the world who choose
to enjoy combustible tobacco products. Although we have
some classic tobacco brands, not all of them are performing
as well as we'd like and we need to address that and make
sure our core consumer offerings stay fresh and relevant.

lalso want us to make a meaningful contribution to harm
reduction and reduce the public health impact of smoking
This means, of course, that we need a significantly stronger
NGP business. So, this is another key area for us to focus
on. We need to take a more disciplined approach to capital
investment to ensure that over time, NGP delivers
attractive retums.

FOCUSED
ON VALUE
CREATION

Stefan Bomhard joined Imperial as
the Chief Executive on 1 July 2020.
Stefan has significant experience
across multiple consumer sectors
and within large multinational
organisations, particularly in
brand building and consumer-led
> sales and marketing.

2. Why are you qualified for the role of CEO?

In terms of my qualifications for the role of CEO, I think
Ihave the qualities needed to deliver the necessary
performance improvements . | have accrued significant
experience in the consumer and retail sector at
companies such as Unilever, Cadbury, Burger King,
Bacardi and Procter & Gamble.

More recently | was CEO at Inchcape for five years and
during that time I reinvigorated the strategy and delivered
transformational change and an improved performance.

Thave always enjoyed being in businesses and sectors
that are going through change, and that is certainly the
case for Imperial and tobacco, which presents both
challenges and opportunities.

I'm also attracted by the fact that Imperial is not the market
leader. I have experience of working for companies that are
the number two or number three players and I like the way

that drives the need to work harder and smarter to identify
your point of competitive difference.

So, my track record and experience are relevant to Imperial
at this time of change. I also think it's significant that |am
coming into the business with no background in tobacco or
NGP. | am the first external CEO Imperial has appointed
and that enables me to bring a new and fresh perspective,
although it's clear that delivering the stronger performance
we all want to see will take time.

www.imperialbrandsple.com 5

3. How have you approached your first months in
the business?

There were a number of priorities, First, stay focused on
the great work the business has been doing to protect the
health, safety and wellbeing of our people during the
coronavirus pandemic.

Second, start to address the strategy and performance
issues. As I've said, despite best efforts, the strategy and
business model are clearly not delivering what our
stakeholders expect and we need to tackle this. [ have
started by instilling greater discipline into the way the
business operates, stemming the losses in NGP and
embedding a more rigorous approach to tracking
performance. The work we are doing on reviewing the
strategy and business model is progressing well and I
expect to be able to share the results in the first quarter
of calendar year 2021.

Thirdly, I also prioritised engagement with employees,
consumers and customers. Opportunities for actual market
visits have obviously been limited due to COVID-19 but I
have managed to meet retailers and consumers on the
ground and have engaged physically or virtually with
thousands of employees across all our main markets

and functions. That was very enjoyable and informative
and has really helped me build my knowledge and
understanding of Imperial. All my stakeholder engagement
is adding to the data and insights that are informing the
strategic review.

4. You've also expanded the Executive Committee (ExCom)
with a number of external appointments who are all new
to tobacco. Was it important for you to appoint people from
different sectors?

Yes, it's very important because we need new skills and
fresh thinking for a changing industry. We have plenty of
tobacco expertise in the management team, which of
course is important. What we're doing now is adding to
that by bringing in additional skills and capabilities that
Imperial hasn't had at the top level of the business before
and I have to say, it's proving really valuable in terms of
shaping the new strategy.

Similarly, Thérése has taken steps to strengthen the
Board, appointing two new Non-Executive Directors
who both bring a wealth of different international
business experience.

6 imperial Brands { Annual Report and Accounts 2020

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S Q&A CONTINUED

MY INITIAL KEY PRIORITIES

>

FOCUS ON EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY

LEAD THE STRATEGIC REVIEW

STRENGTHEN PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT

ENGAGE WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS

VISIT AS MANY MARKETS AS POSSIBLE

G|o| &| & | ov

GATHER DATA AND INSIGHTS:

STRENGTHEN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.

5. What are your initial impressions of Imperial?

Ata headline level, it's mostly as | expected. We have a
solid, resilient tobacco business with good brands but the
performance has not been as good as it could have been,
particularly in terms of the market share losses imperial
has incurred over recent years.

NGP has clearly underperformed and investment has not
delivered the expected returns. As I've said, NGP absolutely
has a role to play in Imperial's future but we will take a
much more prudent approach, built around a tightly
focused business model.

Although there is a lot we need to change, there are also
areas of real excellence in the business that we must
make sure we preserve. Our manufacturing and supply
chain operations, for example, are truly competitive
within our industry, and we have experienced minimal
disruption across our factory footprint during the
coronavirus pandemic.

CEO Stefan Bomhard visits
a tobacconist in Madrid.

Our approach to customer
engagement is also
impressive, We have
strong retail
partnerships, which is
critical given the role
retailers can play in
influencing consumer
brand and product
choices.

Image
removed

Finally, there's our people.

ihave been truly excited to see

their energy, passion and overall

willingness to embrace change. | appreciate all their
support so far and the honesty they have shown. | feel
confident that by working together we will deliver stronger
and more consistent results over time.

“NGP absolutely has a role to play
in Imperial’s future but we will take
a much more prudent approach,
built around a tightly focused
business model.”

6. How has COVID-19 impacted your operations?

Imperial has shown resilience and the employees have
done an exceptional job in keeping the business going
and elsewhere in the report we quite rightly celebrate
their extraordinary efforts.

Many of our people have worked from home for prolonged
periods of time and we've ensured they've received all the
support they need to create the right working environment.

Most of our factories stayed open and operational, which is
another tremendous achievement, although of course the
layout of the facilities and shift patterns had to change to
enable us to adhere to local government health and safety
guidelines, Also I'm pleased to say that we didn’t furlough
any employees, implement any pay cuts or make any
redundancies as a result of COVID-19.

7. imperial’s performance has had a considerable impact on
the share price. What is your message to shareholders?

L empathise with anyone who has invested in Imperial and
has then seen the value of that investment decline so
significantly, Many of our employees are shareholders and
they have expressed their frustrations to me, as have some
of our larger investors.

So, very much understand the concerns and my
message is this: we are going to address the
performance of the business and once results
start to strengthen, we will start to win back the
trust and confidence of shareholders and other
stakeholders, which is critical for rebuilding
the valuation.

“We are going to address the

performance of the business and
once results start to strengthen, we
willstart to win back the trust and
confidence of shareholders and other
stakeholders.” :

8, What do you see as the key challenges and
opportunities in both tobacco and NGP?

The challenges in tobacco are around managing declining
volumes and increasing regulation, while growing returns.
Imperial has a solid tobacco business with a good portfolio
of brands and we have the opportunity to deliver better
Tesults over time. This will require improvements in our
share performance, especially in our large markets, where
we've suffered declines for a number of years, although we
have started to see some improvements in recent months.

I've touched on the difficulties Imperial has had in NGP.

As part of the strategic review, we are assessing our assets
and capabilities in this space and the role they can play in
meeting consumer needs for reduced risk products. In my
view, no company has yet found the NGP solution that truly
meets the expectations of adult smokers, so there is
everything to play for.

9. You say you're committed to harm reduction? What will
that mean for your NGP operations?

NGP has a role to play going forward and I want to be clear
about that. The strategic review will define exactly what
the new NGP business model looks like and as that is
‘ongoing it would be premature to go into detail at this stage

But, as I've said, we are now taking a different approach
that is more disciplined and focused. In vapour, for
example, we have historically had commercial plans that
were far too ambitious, which resulted in significant NGP
write-downs, which is not sustainable,

www.imperialbrandsple.com 7

10. What is your broader view on the Company's ESG
(environmental, social and governance) responsibilities?

The first point to make here is that ESG considerations
are being factored into the strategic review.

I think we have a compelling and credible sustainability
strategy, with clearly defined ESG priorities. This is
important, given the controversial nature of our products
and the level of stakeholder scrutiny we quite rightly receive.

As I've said, we need to do better in NGP to be able to deliver
against our consumer health and harm reduction
ambitions but if I look at the progress we're making in other
ateas, there’s much to be pleased with.

On climate and energy, for instance, we have stretching
long-term goals, with our carbon reduction targets
validated and approved by the Science Based Targets
initiative. We were also awarded an A rating by CDP for
‘our commitment to addressing climate change and
supplier engagement

One area that has required attention is transparency +
around the way we measure performance. For some ESG
issues, we have robust key performance in