BZ buyss

Me iMPERIAL
aK BRANDS

| wna

OUR PURPOSE

Our purpose is to create something
better for the world’s smokers with
our portfolio of high quality next
generation and tobacco products.

In doing so we are transforming

our business and strengthening

our sustainability and value creation.

OUR VALUES

Our values express who we are and
capture the behaviours we expect
from everyone who works for us.

WE CAN IOWN
Everything See it, seize it,
1s possible, make it happen

together we win

WE SURPRISE

New thinking,
new actions,
exceed what's

IAM

My contribution
counts, think free,
speak free, act

possible with integnty
WE ENJOY ITENGAGE
Thrive on Listen,
challenge, share, make
make it fun connections

The following table constitutes our Non-Financial Information Statement in compliance with Sections 414CA and 414CB
of the Companies Act 2006. The information listed is incorporated by cross-reference. Additional Non-Financial Information

is also available on our website www.imperialbrands.com.

Policies and standards which Information necessary to understand our business Page
Reporting requirement govern our approach and its impact, policy due diligence and outcomes reference
Environmental matters «Occupational health, safety and Environmental tergets 2
environmental policy and framework -
+ Sustainable tobacco programme International management systems 2
Chmate and energy 2
Reducing waste 19
Sustainable tobacco supply 20
Supporting wood sustainability 20
Employees + Code of Conduct Diverse and engaged workforce 22
+ Our values
» Group wide employment policy Workforce Engagement Director Aland 61
+ Fairness at work policy
+ Occupational health, safety and Workplace heaith and safety 2
environmental policy and framework “Tnternational management systems 2
Lost time accident (LTA) rate 2
Respect for human rights Human nights policy Respecting human nights 3
+ Code of Conduct
2 Suppher Code Responsible operations and people 21
+ Supplier qualification programme
+ Modern slavery statement Sustannable tobacco supply 20
+ Speaking up policy Tackling child labour 45 and 61
Social matters > International marketing standards __ Responsible operations and people 2
+ Fontem marketing standards
2 Polieyon taxation Youth access prevention 2
* Community contributions and Charitable and political donations él

volunteering policy
+ Information security policy

Code of Conduct
Fraud risk management policy
Speaking up policy

Finance manual

Group contro! matr:x

Anticorruption
and anti-bribery

How we manage risk 33

Governance, risk management and internal control 55

Description of principal © -_ Principal sks and uncertainties 33 to 40
risks and impact of + Governance, risk management 55
business activity and internal control

Description of the + Our business model 4
business model

Non-financial key :
performance indicators .

Key performance indicators

1. Notall of our Group policies and standards are publicly available

Sustainability performance indicators

16

OVERVIEW
Performance Overview 1
Chairman's Statement 2
STRATEGY
Our Strategy 3
Our Business Model 4
Our Market 6
Chief Executive's Statement 8
TOBACCO & NGP ASSET BRAND Investment Case n
NET REVENUE* NET REVENUE* Our Environment 2
Our Stakeholders “4
£ 8 Ob £ 5 3b Key Performance Indicators 16
-Ubn Dn
PERFORMANCE
42.2% +4.4%
Sustainabihty Review 18
Operating Review 23
REPORTED EARNINGS ADJUSTED EARNINGS Financial Review 29
PER SHARE PER SHARE* Pnncipal Risks and Uncertainties 33
106 Op 273 3p GOVERNANCE
. . Chairman's introduction a
-26.2% % Board of Directors 42
Board Engagement 44
The Board and its Committees 46
+ Movement on a constant
DIVIDEND PER SHARE currency basis Directors’ Report 58
20 6 6 Directors’ Remuneration Report 66
6p
9 FINANCIALS
+10% Independent Auditors’ Report 87
Consolidated Income Statement 96
Consolidated Statement 97
of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet 98
PERFORMANCE MEASURES USED THROUGHOUT THE REPORT Consolidated Statement 99
of Changes in Equity
Reported Complies with International Financial Reporting Standards and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 100
(GAAP) the relevant legislation Notes tothe Financial Statements 101
Adjusted Non-GAAP measures provide a useful comparison of performance from Imperial Brands PLC Balance Sheet 146
(Non-GAAP) one period to the next Reconciliations can be found 1n notes 3,8, 10 and 30 Imperial Brands PLC Statement 146
Constant Removes the effect of exchange rate movements on the translation of of Changes in Equity
currency —_the results of our overseas operations We translate current year results Notes to the Financial Statements 147
dasis at prior year foreign exchange rates of Imperial Brands PLC
Market ‘Market share data is presented as a12-month moving average
share weighted across the markets in which we operate SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
Stick ‘Stick equivalent (SE) volumes reflect our combined cigarette. Related Undertakings 181
equivalent fine cut tobacco, cigar and snus volumes Shareholder Information 168
OUR STRATEGY AN EVOLVING ENGAGING WITH. ENABLING DELIVERING GOOD
FOR GROWTH ENVIRONMENT STAKEHOLDERS GROWTH, GOVERNANCE
Our strategy 1s aligned Addressing the Stakeholder CREATING VALUE Hugh standards
to our purpose and issues posed by our engagement is Managing our of governance
focuses on creating changing operating essential for the environmental, underpin our
sustainable value environment growth of the social and long-term
business governance issues sustainability |
|
PAGES PAGE 12 PAGE 14 PAGE 18 PAGE 41

xOAULS | ‘MAINGIAO

PNWWHOSHRS |

TDNYNYAOD

STVDNWNI

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

This was a difficult year for the Group, one in which our
financial delivery was impacted by a challenging Next
Generation Products (NGP) market in the USA and lower than
expected results in our Africa, Asia and Australasia division.

On a constant currency basis these factors resulted in
Tobacco & NGP revenue growth of 2.2 per cent, and a

16 per cent decline in adjusted earnings per share.

Reported earnings per share declined 26.2 per cent.

Whilst this is disappointing, we continue to believe that

NGP provides a significant opportunity to deliver additive
growth to complement the resilience of our tobacco business.

We have a robust tobacco value creation model that will
continue to grow profit and cash flows in the years ahead.

In NGP we have adjusted our plans for growth in light of the
volatile environment in the USA and continue to work with
stakeholders globally to develop a regulatory framework that
enforces high product and marketing standards.

NEW DIVIDEND POLICY

We increased the dividend by 10 per cent this year, in line
with our long-standing policy. In July the Board announced.
a revised dividend policy to support continued growth and
optimise returns for shareholders.

The new policy recognises the Company's continued strong
cash generation and the importance of growing dividends
for shareholders, while providing greater flexibility in
capital allocation,

ASSET DIVESTMENT PROGRAMME

We have identified a number of assets that are not central to
our growth strategy, including our premium cigar business
which is in the process of being sold as part of a divestment
programme that will realise up to £2 billion by May 2020. The
Board will make a decision at that time regarding the most
appropriate use of the proceeds.

A RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

‘We run our business responsibly and take pride in the positive
stakeholder contnbutions we make across our intemational
footpnnt, including providing employment for more than.
30,000 people, respecting the natural resources we use and
contributing around £17 billion every year to governments

mm taxes.

In May we convened a panel of stakeholders and invited
them to review our sustainabihty strategy. This has
further informed the approach we take to managing our
environmental, social and governance responsibilities
and I would like to thank everyone involved for their
valuable feedback.

2 Impenial Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2019

“This report provides an
overview of performance
and the actions we are
taking to strengthen our
sustainability and create
long-term value for
our stakeholders.

MARK WILLIAMSON
Chairman

BOARD CHANGES

In February, I announced my intention to step down from
the Board in anucipation of the requirements of the new
UK Corporate Governance Code regarding a Chairman's
Board tenure. I will be succeeded by Thérése Esperdy,
currently Senior Independent Director, who will be
appointed Chairman on 1 January 2020.

Thérése has made a significant contribution since she
became a Non-Executive Director in 2016 and I am delighted
that she has agreed to take on this role, Her international
executive experience and the acute understanding she has
of the business, the sector we operate in and the concems of
investors is invaluable.

In October Chief Executive Officer Alison Cooper and the
Board agreed that Alison will step down from the role of

CEO and from the Board once a suitable successor is found.
Alison has worked tirelessly and with great energy and
passion during her 20 years with Impenal, nine of which have
been as CEO. Under Alison's leadership the business has been
simplified and reshaped to strengthen its long-term growth
potential and around £12 billion in dividends has been
retumed to shareholders. The Board thanks her for the
tremendous contribution she has made.

Details of further Board changes are included in our
Governance Report, which provides an overview of our
governance framework and the work of the Board and
its Committees.

STRENGTHENING DELIVERY

Iwould like to thank our employees for all their hard work
during the year and [know that the learnings taken from 2019
will be used to drive a stronger performance in 2020. I would
also like to thank my Board colleagues for their support
during my 12 years with the Company.

Ithas been a privilege to serve as Chairman for five of those
years and I look forward to seeing Impenal Brands grow and
prosper as it continues to focus on creating something better
for the world's smokers.

MARK es

Chairman

OUR STRATEGY

GENERATING
GROWTH

Our strategy is aligned to our purpose of creating something better for the world’s smokers and focuses on

driving performance in three key areas: Tobacco, Next Generation Products (NGP) and Cost and Cash. In tobacco
we maximise opportunities for our Asset Brands and priority markets. Through our expanding NGP portfolio we

are providing adult smokers with a range of potentially less harmful alternatives to cigarettes. The approach we take
to managing cost and cash provides funds to invest in the business and return to shareholders, Our sustainability
strategy is central to our growth aspirations and frames the way we manage our environmental, social and
governance issues, with everything we do underpinned by high standards of governance.

MAXIMISE SUSTAINABLE SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

a eee
a SSS
LONG-TERM QUALITY GROWTH

TOBACCO MAXIMISATION NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS COST AND CASH
+ Clear focus on dnving growth nour + Portfolio of vapour, heated tobacco —+_ Disciplined capital allocation

pnionity markets and oral nicotine brands + Simplify operating model
+ Building the contnbution from our + 4s brand adoption model + Lean manufactunng

high-quality Asset Brands for moving adult smokers into + Control of overheads
+ Market Repeatable Model for growth the NGP category + Maxumise cash conversion

+ Dynamuc innovation pipeline
supports growth.
_ ee ee
a |

ENABLING THE BUSINESS TO GROW AND CREATE VALUE

TOBACCO NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS BEHAVING RESPONSIBLY
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY REDUCED HARM PEOPLE AND OPERATIONS

HIGH STANDARDS OF GOVERNANCE

www impenalbrandsple com. 3

‘MSIAYIAO |

5
8

ad

DNVWHOS:

TDNVNHTAOD

‘SIWDNYNI |

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

VALUE
CREATION

We create value through two distinct business growth models, our Market Repeatable Model for tobacco and

our Brand Adoption Model for NGP. Consistently applying these models to the right markets and the right brands
is key for delivering quality growth. Our high operating margins drive the strong cash flows that are a hallmark

of our business and although investment in NGP may initially dilute these margins we expect to see profitability
improve over time. We use the cash we generate to reinvest to support growth, pay down debt or return to
shareholders through dividends.

NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS
BRAND ADOPTION MODEL

BELIEVE
‘Believe’ 1s the first element of our 4Bs brand adoption

‘model. This 1s about triggering connections and raising
awareness of our NGP brands amongst adult smokers
through a variety of methods, including responsible
marketing. The aim 1s to encourage smokers to recognise
that blu and our other NGP brands are potentually less
harmful than cigarettes.

BELONG
We want smokers to stay with our NGP offerings and not

Tevert to smoking, so we welcome, for example, blu users
to belong toa thriving community (blu.com). It is here that
we deepen our connection with consumers and increase
the level of interaction. This includes offering exclusive
access to products and promotions and the chance to
participate in our bluNation loyalty programme.

RIGHT MARKETS + RIGHT BRANDS

TOBACCO MAXIMISATION : SIMPLE MARKET FOCUSED PORTFOLIO

MARKET REPEATABLE MODEL Our Market Repeatable Model starts with a simple market
focused portfolio that is built around an optimal number

of brands and stock keeping units that are aligned with
consumer needs. Our strongest offerings are our Asset Brands
and we focus on dnving their performance to generate quality
market share growth.

HONEST ACCURATE LEARNING

‘The final step of the model is about continuous improvement
- through honest and accurate learning. Markets measure their

performance against agreed metrics and learnings are shared

with the wider business. This includes being honest, both

when things go well and when things do not turn out as.

planned, ensuring we build capabilities, mprove together

and continually optimise the model.

TAILOR CUSTOMER SOLUTIONS

Ina continually evolving regulatory environment, retailers
are an increasingly important part of the shopper brand
purchasing expenence. We focus on developing strong retail
partnerships, creating tailored customer solutions that provide
retailers with real commercial benefits and encourage them

to become advocates for our brands.

4 Impenal Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2019

BUY

‘Smokers who believe are inspired to buy. We take an
omnichannel approach, with sales across traditional
retail outlets, spectalist vape stores and online. Online
sales are age verified and we insist that our retail
outlet and vape store partners only ever sell to adults.

BUY AGAIN

‘Buy again’ 1s about generating repeat purchase

A smoker who has had a positive initial experience
with one of our NGP brands will have the confidence
to buy again. It 1s the start of butlding brand loyalty
and reles on a fnicbonless omnichannel experience,
ensuring our products are always available when and
where smokers want to buy them

= QUALITY GROWTH

SUSTAINABLE BRAND INVESTMENTS

‘Our sumple portfolios drive a sharper focus on investments,

as the lack of comptexity makes it easier to prioritise
investment behind our Asset Brands. We build brand
equity through a regular drumbeat of targeted imtiatives,
including above-the-lne and point of sale advernsing
and consumer activations to create brand awareness

ALWAYS ON PRICE STRATEGY

The third element of this dynamic growth model 1s about
the pricing of our brands We make sure that all markets
across our geographic footprint develop and implement
a consistent pricing strategy for their portfolios and
continually monitor our operating environment to ensure
that the pricing of our brands remains competitive.

CORE RANGE EVERYWHERE ALL THE TIME

Ensuring the core range of our brands is always.
available 1s crucial for buzlding consumer loyalty.

We make sure that the night brands are available

in the right outlets at all times. This targeting is
‘enabled by the simplicity of our portfolios, which are
welcomed by retailers as they have less complexity
to deal with and enjoy lower working capital

STRONG
CASH FLOW

SHAREHOLDER
RETURNS.

Vv

CREATING VALUE
FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS.

CONSUMERS « SHAREHOLDERS «+
SUPPLIERS « RETAILERS +
EMPLOYEES * GOVERNMENTS *
NON-GOVERNMENTAL
ORGANISATIONS

Tum to page 14
for more on our stakeholders

wwwimpenalbrandsple com 5

‘nro |

vous) |

SPNVWHOSHRd |

NVNYAAOD

STWDDNVNIS |

OUR MARKET

MARKET

PRIORITISATION

We sell our brands and products in a diverse spread of international markets which we manage through three
distinct divisions: Europe, Americas and Africa, Asia and Australasia (AAA). In the mature tobacco markets of
Europe, we focus on balancing financial returns with optimising our share positions, while building our presence
in NGP, The Americas is principally the USA, one of our most important markets for tobacco and vapour,

and the AAA division offers a number of attractive growth opportunities across our multi-category portfolio.

NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS

NGP represent a significant additive growth
opportunity for Imperial and we remain focused
on managing the operational and regulatory
market challenges associated with a rapidly
evolving category.

Our pioneering blu brand sits at the heart of our
NGP portfolio and is available in the USA, Japan and
various European markets including the UK, Spain,
France, Germany and Italy.

Deteriorating trading conditions in the second half of
the year, combined with a general slowdown in the
growth of the vapour category, impacted blu sales
and as a result, we have adjusted our investment and
growth plans for 2020.

TOBACCO MAXIMISATION

The 160 tobacco markets in which we sell
our tobacco products have been classified as
Priority, Key and Partner. This enables us to
focus our investments in the markets where
we can get the biggest return on the money
we spend.

This classification has been informed by a detailed
profit pool analysis that identified where we have the
best opportunities, capabilities and assets to deliver
sustainable value creation. In allocating markets to
one of the three categories, we take into account
market size, potential growth, affordability,
regulatory environment and our ability to win,

6 impenal Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2019

We actively campaign for higher product and
marketing standards, which are fundamental for
developing a stable and orderly vapour market.

Our first heated tobacco offering Pulze was launched
in the Japanese city of Fukuoka during the year and
was well-received by consumers. Pulze will be rolled
out across the country in 2020 and we are also
evaluating other potential market launches for

the brand.

We also have a growing range of oral nicotine
products that are led by our Skruf brand and
available in an increasing number of European
markets including Austria, Germany, Switzerland,
Denmark and the Czech Republic.

This approach provides focus and simplicity to the
way we operate and is governed by clear principles
that distinguish the levels of investment and central
support that each market category gets. Priority
Markets are our most important markets, accounting
for 47 per cent of our volume and 72 per cent of our
operating profit.

The rest of our geographic footprint is divided into
23 Key Markets and over 100 Partner Markets. Each
of these markets has a clear role to play in delivering
our strategy and achieving our commercial goals.

VAPOUR HEATED ORAL
TOBACCO NICOTINE

USA JAPAN

JAPAN
EUROPE

] PRIORITY
MARKETS

2 KEY
MARKETS

100+ Markers

EUROPE

‘The largest share of our tobacco investment is allocated to

Pnonity Markets, recognising their importance to our success.

Pnonty Markets include Australia, Germany, the UK and
the USA. These markets focus on generating quality
growth in market share, Growth Brand volumes,
Tevenue and profit

Key Markets focus on delivering profitable growth
and include Algenia, Greece, Ireland, Laos, Morocco
and Taiwan.

In smaller Partner Markets we strive to keep our
operations as simple as possible and look for
opportunities to foster mutually beneficial
partnerships with distnbutors.

Partner Markets include Ivory Coast, Vietnam,
Madagascar and Hungary.

www impenalbrandsple com

MAIANZAO, |

ADALVULS | |

JNYNUIAOD [

2
S
2
Fal
=

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT

We have remained focused on driving the performance of
our tobacco business, while expanding our Next Generation
Products (NGP) operations. We achieved success in a number
of areas, including further revenue and profit growth in
tobacco and year-on-year NGP net revenue growth.

However, our overall Group results have fallen short of our
expectations, impacted by two main factors: a challenging
vapour market, particularly in the USA, and lower than
anticipated profit delivery in our Africa, Asia and
Australasia (AAA) division.

We are taking action to drive a better performance in 2020,
which will strengthen our ability to create long-term value
for our stakeholders.

RESILIENT TOBACCO RESULTS

We have a robust tobacco value creation model with a long
track record of financial delivery, with pricing more than
offsetting cigarette volume declines to deliver growing
Tevenues. We expect this to continue in the years ahead
and remain focused on maximising opportunities for our
Asset Brands in our priority markets.

Our Market Repeatable Model provides a structured
framework for driving quality tobacco growth and is
consistently applied actoss our footprint.

The resilience of our tobacco business was demonstrated
with the good performances we delivered in Europe and the
‘Americas, which more than offset tough trading conditions
in the AAA division.

We achieved share growth in six of our 10 priority markets,
including in the USA where our focused portfolio strategy
delivered gains in cigarette and mass market cigars and
strong financial results.

In our Europe division we continue to balance market share
progression with financial delivery, generating good financial
contributions from a number of our priority markets including
Germany, the UK and Italy.

Our share performance was good in the AAA division, with
gains in our priority markets of Australia, Japan and Russia,
although our revenue and profit were lower.

Asset Brands accounted for 65.9 per cent of our tobacco and
NGP net revenue, up 120 basis points on last year.

8 Imperial Brands | Annual Report and Accounts 2019

“Our tobacco business
continued to generate
modest growth, with Next
Generation Products adding
to our revenue delivery.”

ALISON COOPER
Chief Executive

NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS

Our focus on transitioning adult smokers to potentially less
harmful alternatives to cigarettes is aligned to our purpose:
to create something better for the world’s smokers.

We want to see more smokers choosing products with
lower health risks and encourage them to make that
change by providing a portfolio of high-quality vapour,
heated tobacco and oral nicotine products, all underpinned
by leading-edge science.

Overall net revenue of our NGP business grew by 48 per cent
this year, led by the growth of our vapour brand blu in Europe,
where we have established leading retail positions, and
Japan. We also made good progress with the roll-out of other
NGP, including a successful city pilot of our heated tobacco
product Pulze in Japan and the launch of oral nicotine
products in several European markets.

However, we did not make as much progress with blu in the
USA and Europe as we anticipated. Our own performance fell
below expectations and was also impacted by deteriorating
trading conditions, increasing competitor activity and the
slower than anticipated growth of the vapour category.

‘The situation was compounded in the USA, where an
increasingly volatile regulatory environment coincided with
a significant step-up in our retail engagement programmes,

brand investment and consumer promotions, Although this
activity delivered share gains, overall blu growth was below

the level we had planned for.

The volatility in the USA and the broader learnings we have
gained have led to a reprioritisation of our investment plans.
In 2020, we are instilling a sharper focus on the category and
market combinations that offer the greatest opportunities for
sustainable, profitable growth. We have clear plans to deliver
a more differentiated blu consumer experience in the coming
year, coupled with a fresh brand approach that builds a
stronger emotional connection with adult smokers.

We are also stepping up our regulatory engagement activities
to encourage higher product and marketing standards, which
are critical for creating a stable and orderly vapour market
that we can invest behind,

PRIORITISING
RESPONSIBILITIES

Our commitment to sustainability is central to the
long-term development of the business, ensuring
that we maintain a sustainable supply of tobacco,
develop a pipeline of Next Generation Products and
operate responsibly at all times. These three focus
areas define the approach we take to addressing
our environmental, social and governance

(ESC) responsibilities.

Dunng the year we convened an independently facilitated
panel of stakeholders, including an investor, a consumer,

an employee, suppers and representatives from non-
governmental organisations, to review these responsibilities
and help shape the way we manage them.

We have pnontised our ESG issues to reflect the panel's feedback
and going forward we will provide more information on how

we are fulfilling our responsibilites in each of these five areas.
We have also taken on board a number of other suggestions

and have formally responded to the panel's key comments in a
report, which has been published in full on our corporate website

Overall, our stakeholders feel we are making good progress
in delivering against our sustainability agenda and did not
identify any additional ESG issues we should be addressing
The panel also approved of the way we have aligned our ESG
responsibilites with the UN Sustainable Development Goals

This was an extremely valuable engagement exercise for
Imperial and we are grateful to everyone who took part.

> Tumtopage4
for more on our stakeholders

> Tumto page 8

for more on our sustainability strategy

‘The panel was invited to prioritise the most important ESG issues facing imperial and ranked the top five as follows:

®

CONSUMER CLIMATE FARMER HUMAN
HEALTH AND ENERGY LIVELIHOODS RIGHTS
AND WELFARE
This was considered Given the growing The panel agreed Given the global
pivotal to the global concem for that farmer scale of the
sustamability chmate change and lvelthoods and business, it was
of Impenal as Impenal's global welfare was recognised that
asuccessful reach and influence, of paramount Impenal has the
commercial the panel felt that importance to potential to impact
business The panel climate and energy tobacco production on the communities
felt every effort impacted Impenal and that the work in which it operates
mustbe made to across its value being done to Tackling child
produce products chain, from crop support farmer labour in tobacco
thatare potentially production to hvellhoods growing and
less harmful to manufacturing was vital for addressing
health than tobacco. and distnbution providing farming instances of
communities with modem slavery
better incomes and were seen as
higher standards key pnonties.

of living, thereby
reducing the nsk
of poverty and

child labour

WASTE

This was considered
tohave a huge
environmental
impact and the
panel challenged
Impenal to explore
how it can better
support consumers
torecycle by
reducing packaging,
particularly in
relation to NGP
Imperial’s ambition
shouldbe to
produce NGP

that consist

entrely of
recyclable
components

wwwimpenalbrandsplc com

BAO |