Ve IMPERIAL
- QR BRANDS

Image
removed

_ SS
enum Bw

pA
. ox ™ x

&}

INTRODUCTION AND CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUPPLEMENTARY
Ata Glance 2 Governance at a Glance 90. «0 INFORMATION
Our Consumer Focus 4 Board Leadership 92 Alternative Performance Measures _ 202
Our investment Case 6 Board and Culture jor =—-Slossary 210
Chair's Statement 8 Section 172 102 IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
Chief Executive's Statement 10 Board Statements 103 FINANCIALS
Business Model 14 People, Governance & Sustainability 104 imperial Brands PLC 23
Our Strategy 16 Committee Balance Sheet
Strategic Review 18 Audit Committee 108 Imperial Brands PLC Statementof 214
KPIs 22 Remuneration Report us Changes in Equity
Industry Overview 24 Directors’ Report BO Notes to the Financial Statements of 215
Operating Review 26 FINANCIALS Imperial Brands PLC
Group Financial Review ___ 34 independent Auditor's Report 135 SHAREHOLDER
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 42 G Sigated Income Statement 745. INFORMATION
Stakeholder Engagement 54 Consolidated Statement 145 Shareholder Information 230
Non-Financial and Sustainsbility 58 of Comprehensive Income Cautionary Statement 231
Consolidated Balance Sheet 46
ESG Review 52 Consolidated Statement wo
of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Cash’ 148 Ba.
Flow Statement
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 149 For more information see

MEET OUR PEOPLE

Agnés, Mathilde and Emilie,
Internal Communications Officer,
Social Affairs Manager and Trade
Marketing Manager, France

Samanli, End-to-End Planning
‘Team Manager, Poland

Khadar, information Systems
Support Specialist, France

Adeline, Merchandising
Manager, France

Justin Norman, Packing
Operator, USA

Brand Executive, UAE

imitr:

Supply Chain Manager, Process
& Industrial Projects Manager
and Manufacturing Excellence
Manager, Madagascar

Amir, Brand Manager, Austria

Lalanirina, Emmanuel and Julia,

Andre, Lab Assistant, Germany

Chia-Wei and Chang-Wei,
Technicians, Taiwan

cover

7

24

65
69

Statements

www. imperialbrandsple.com

Performance measures used
throughout the report
Reported (GAAP)

Complies with UK-adopted

international Accounting Standards

and the relevant legislation.

‘Adjusted (Non-GAAP)
Non-GAAP measures provide a

useful comparison of performance

from one period to the next.

The basis of our adjusted measures

is explained in the accounting

policies accompanying our financial

statements and the APM section
within Supplementary information.

Constant currency basis

Removes the effect of exchange rate
movements on the translation of the

results of our overseas operations.

We translate current year results at

prior year foreign exchange rates.
See page 36 for more details.

Market share

Market share data is presented
as a 12-month moving average
weighted across the markets in
which we operate.

Stick equivalent

Stick equivalent volumes reflect our
combined cigarette, fine cut tobacco,

cigar and snus volumes.

WE ARE A
CONSUMER-LED
CHALLENGER
BUSINESS

By becoming more consumer focused, more agile and more performance driven we are better
able to deliver enhanced shareholder returns and meet the needs of our wider stakeholders

Image
removed

Image
removed

www.imperialbrandsple.com

AT AGLANCE

DELIVERING
ON OUR STRATEGY \—”

OUR FOCUSED STRATEGY TOBACCO AND NGP NET REVENUE
(£ BILLION)
Strategic pillars £ 8 2 b
. n ce
onIVING VaLue 2023: £8.0bn
OM OUR BROAD g,
: PORTFOLIO
£8.2b
€7.6bn €7.7bn £8.0bn °

PERFORMANCE

“BASED CULTUR'

AND capapiLitie> 2 22 23 24

2024 Tobacco & NGP net revenue growth at constant
currency +4.6%

Critical enablers

AGGREGATE MARKET SHARE OF OUR FIVE PRIORITY
COMBUSTIBLE MARKETS (BASIS POINTS)

MARKETS WE +5bps

OPERATE IN 2023: +10bps

c.120

Image
removed

2 Imperial Brands PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(PENCE)

153.42p

2023: 146.82p

ABSOLUTE CO, EQUIVALENT EMISSIONS SCOPE 1
AND SCOPE 2 MARKET-BASED (TONNES)

2023: 101,415t"

153.42 -
146.82p P 176,176"
139.08p 141.17p
85,829"
20,326"
15,683
14,270
91,007 s1089 |
" 73,437
2 22 23 24 7 22 23 24

2024 Dividend per share growth +4.5%

Our target is to be Net Zero in our direct
operations by 2030
* 2017 is the baseline.

** Baseline and previous years have been restated due to Scope 2 market-based
emissions correction

NGP NET REVENUE GROWTH AT CONSTANT
CURRENCY (PER CENT)

+26.4%0

2023: +26.4%

Image
removed

FY25 SHARE REPURCHASE ANNOUNCED (£ BILLION)

£1.25bn

2024: £1.1bn

Image
removed

www.imperialbrandsple.com 3

OUR CONSUMER FOCUS

“WE START WITH
THE CONSUMER——~

We put the consumer at the centre of our business, with strong insights guiding our
approach to building a portfolio of local and international challenger brands which
resonate with millions of adult consumers every day.

INTERNATIONAL BRANDS

Logos
removed

LOCAL JEWELS

Logos
removed

NEXT GENERATION PRODUCTS (NGP)

Logos
removed

4 Imperial Brands PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Image
removed

“The best moment to smoke is
when I am alone, with my coffee
and I have zero issues on my mind.
A smoker always sees tobacco
quality first, and for me, why would
I pay more when Gauloises gives

me the quality I need?"
Mohamed,
Logo Morocco
removed
Image
removed

“Zone is my go-to pouch, it has a

soft mouth feel and just the right level
of intensity. My friends and family
have noticed that I no longer smell of

cigarettes, and I have more confidence
because of it.”

Logo Vonte,
removed | USA

Image
removed

“I wanted to find something that

would not smell like a typical cigarette,
would be flavourful and enjoyable to
use among friends. I like the iSenzia
flavours and I like that the device is
small and handy. 1 like to use Pulze
when reading ~ it’s relaxing.”

Julia,
Logo | Poland
removed
Image
removed

“Tused to smoke socially, but vaping
is a bit more mellow, and the taste
isn’t so strong. A lot of my friends
smoke, so vaping means I'm not left
out. I can join in, but in my own way.
I like that the new blu bar kit is
rechargeable, and quite compact.”

Logo
removed

Claudia,
UK

www.imperialbrandsple.com 5

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

“WHY INVEST
IN IMPERIAL?

We are a consumer-focused business underpinned by a disciplined capital allocation
framework. This gives us the ability to invest in our strategy, while maintaining a strong,

efficient balance sheet and delivering enhanced shareholder returns.

REVITALISED TOBACCO BUSINESS

Investment in our brand equity and sales force initiatives
has enabled us to balance market share delivery with strong
pricing. The tobacco value creation model remains resilient,
with affordability enabling sustainable pricing to offset
volume declines. In our top five combustible markets that
generate c.70% of operating profit, we have grown market
share after years of declines. This, combined with a more
disciplined focus on our broader market portfolio, is driving
improved combustible returns.

BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE NEXT GENERATION
PRODUCT BUSINESS

Next generation products (NGP) offer adult smokers a route

to smoking cessation and remain relatively nascent in many
markets. As a challenger, our role is to offer consumers a choice
where they have already expressed an NGP preference and
where we can leverage our existing customer relationships.

Our partnership approach to product innovation enables us to
adapt swiftly to changing consumer preferences and with our
consumer focus and disciplined execution we have built an
NGP business that offers choice.

Aggregate priority market share
cumulative 2021-2024 (basis points)

+48bps

Image
removed

6 Imperial Brands PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

NGP net revenue

(£ million)
£329m
£265m
£208m
£188m
2 22 23 24

SELF-HELP INITIATIVES DELIVERING OPERATIONAL
IMPROVEMENT

We have identified multiple initiatives to deliver operational
improvements that will enhance our decision making and
drive efficiencies. For example, we are adopting new ways of
working with our enabling functions using a global business
service model and implementing a new ERP system to replace
our 60 legacy systems.

Image
removed

COMBINED, THESE ARE GENERATING A STRONG
FINANCIAL OUTLOOK

improving tobacco and NGP net revenue trajectory,
with a compound annual growth rate of 1% to 2%.

Enhancing profitability through operational leverage,

better geographic mix from continued stabilisation of priority
market shares, reduced losses from our investment in NGP and
restructuring cost savings driving a mid single-digit compound
annual growth rate for Group adjusted operating profit.

The business is highly cash generative with low capital
intensity, a working capital focus and disciplined capital
expenditure producing adjusted operating cash conversion
of typically 90% to 100%,

Free cash flow generated in FY24

£2.4bn

2023: £2.4bn.

ENHANCING OUR CAPITAL RETURNS

We have a clear capital allocation framework alongside
our strategy:

1. Invest in strategic delivery

Since our strategy is largely organic and we work with
innovation partners, our capital expenditure needs are
relatively light. Any M&A is likely to be small.

2. Maintain leverage

We are committed to an investment grade credit rating
and will maintain our leverage at the lower end of the
range 2.0-2.5 times adjusted net debt/EBITDA.

3. Progressive dividend growth
We have committed to grow our dividend every year,
taking into account the underlying business performance.

4. Return surplus capital to shareholders
We have an ongoing share buyback programme,
with £1.25 billion committed in FY25.

Further information on our strategy can be found
on pages 16 to 21.

Capital returns to shareholders committed in FY25

2.0obn

2024: £2.4bn

Image
removed

www imperialbrandsple.com 7

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

Image
removed

“DEVELOPING
UR TRACK RECORD

Dear Shareholders

Iam pleased to report a further step-up in performance
operationally, financially, and in the delivery of our ambitious
People and Planet objectives. Our success in 2024 builds on
the consistent track record we have been developing since the
launch of our current strategy four years ago. As we enter the
final year of the plan, I couldn't be more proud of the progress
the company has made leaning into our challenger status and
embedding the consumer at the heart of everything we do.

Against an unpredictable environment, the team has been
innovative, resourceful and resilient, and has demonstrated
a laser focus on delivery of their commitments.

While Imperial Brands’ transformation journey continues,
and there are always risks associated with a change
programme of this ambition and scale, it is undoubtedly
amuch stronger business than it was when we began this
journey in 2021. We are now better able to create predictable
and sustainable value for shareholders and meet the needs
of our wider stakeholders.

STARTING WITH THE CONSUMER

The scale of our transformation, particularly within our
growing consumer capabilities, was brought home to me
by two Board visits over the past year.

8 Imperial Brands PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

In March, we visited the Czech Republic, a highly competitive
market for next generation products (NGP). | was pleased to
see our team using a challenger mindset to compete
successfully against our larger competitors.

Fresh consumer insights were being used to build targeted,
differentiated brands. Our agile sales teams were getting new
products to market at pace and identifying new channels and
promotional opportunities. This activity was underpinned by
a deep sense of responsibility and clearly focused on adult
smokers and existing nicotine consumers.

Our second visit in July was to our fast-developing innovation
centre ~ or “Sense Hub* - in Liverpool. It is a great case study
for Imperial's challenger way of developing new products.

We saw how our team was bringing together consumers and
third-party partners in the same space to drive new insights
and accelerate development cycles. This distinctive way of
working has taken us from a position four years ago where
‘our products were uncompetitive to a point now where

we have attractive offerings in multiple categories.

ACCELERATING CAPITAL RETURNS
FOR SHAREHOLDERS

Our consumer-focused transformation has supported a further
improvement in financial performance. This year we met

our strategic objectives of low-single-digit growth in tobacco
and mid-single-digit adjusted operating profit growth. In NGP,
we achieved double-digit net revenue growth while also
reducing our losses.

We have clearly defined our capital allocation priorities,
which start with investment to support our strategic delivery.
Our objective is to support the long-term sustainable cash
flows of the business to enable us to maintain our progressive
dividend policy and ongoing share buyback. The Board is
recommending a total annual dividend of 153.42 pence per
share, which represents an increase of 4.5% on the prior
financial year in line with the Group's progressive policy.

We also announced a change to the future dividend payment
profile to four equal dividend payments for FY25 onwards.
Smoothing of the dividend payment profile will result in more
consistent cash returns to shareholders throughout the year,
compared to the current 30:70 split. This is enabled by the
strong visibility of cash flows from our portfolio following

the successful execution of our strategy.

During the five-year period of our current strategy we expect
to make total capital returns including dividends and share
buybacks of £10 billion - equivalent to 67% of our market value
in January 2021 when we launched our strategy.

DELIVERING ON PEOPLE AND PLANET OBJECTIVES

Our challenger mindset has been important in the way we are
now consistently delivering on our People and Planet priorities,
which focus on building a healthier future for our consumers,
colleagues and wider environment. Our recent progress is a
result of the resourcefulness, deep accountability and purposeful
collaboration of a great many people in our business.

In September I kicked off an ESG webinar for investors, We have
come a long way in the two years since our previous event
covering this topic. We have driven significant reductions in
carbon emissions, waste and workplace accidents.

Our broad plan to improve diversity, equity and inclusion is
starting to yield results. In particular, we have seen
improvements in female representation in senior management.

‘The Board plays a highly engaged role providing support
and challenge to management as they develop and deliver
their ESG plans. Over the past year, we have made further
improvements to the way we provide oversight, including
an expansion of the remit for the People & Governance
Committee, now known as the People, Governance

& Sustainability Committee, which is chaired by me.

For more on People and Planet
see pages 59-77

For the People, Governance & Sustainability
Committee report, see page 104

ENGAGING FOR CONSUMER HEALTH

Akey ESG priority is to play a growing role in tobacco harm
reduction by developing our NGP business and engaging for
balanced, strongly enforced regulatory environments.

We are building on our long-term commitment to science
which analyses the harm reduction potential of our NGP
and their real-world use as smoking cessation tools.

In our major markets, we seek regulation that balances
the need to make an attractive range of smoke-free products
available to adult smokers, while driving out irresponsible
products and preventing youth access.

We continue to be concerned with policy in some markets
which leans towards prohibition. In August, | visited our
employees, consumers and customers in Australia, one of the
most challenging markets in our portfolio, where around 30%
of tobacco products are illicit. The Australian market is a
sobering example of the unintended consequences of
over-restrictive regulation. Onerous limits on the availability
of NGP and extremely high taxation on tobacco products have
led toa spiralling trade in illegal products. These prohibitive
policies have been damaging both for consumers seeking
trusted reduced harm products and for the government,
which receives decreasing excise revenues.

BOARD CHANGES

Our Board has a strong and diverse mix of skills and experiences,
and we continue to develop our capabilities through education
sessions and new appointments. In January, we welcomed
Julie Hamilton to the Board and to our People, Governance

& Sustainability Committee. In October 2024, she also joined the
Remuneration Committee. Julie, who was Chief Commercial
and Global Sales Officer at Diageo, has over 30 years’ experience
in marketing, strategy and digital transformation. Prior to
Diageo, Julie spent 25 years at the Coca-Cola Company where
she held a range of leadership positions, including Chief
Customer and Commercial Leadership Officer.

Diane de Saint Victor has decided to retire from the Board at
the conclusion of the 2025 AGM. Diane has been a valued
member of the Board, with roles on the Remuneration and
People, Governance & Sustainability Committees. I would like
to thank Diane for her insights and contribution over the
past three years and on behalf of the Board, wish her the
best for the future.

BECOMING AN EVEN STRONGER CHALLENGER

As we enter the final year of our current strategy,

our transformation will carry on at pace as we continue to
develop consumer capabilities, agile ways of working and our
performance culture. In March 2025, | look forward to joining
Stefan and our management team, when we provide detail of
our next five-year strategy, which will build on our recent
success and evolve Imperial Brands into an even stronger
challenger business.

Apirne GeprAy

Thérése Esperdy
Chair

“We are better able to create
predictable and sustainable value
for shareholders and meet the
needs of our wider stakeholders.”

www.imperialbrandsple.com 9

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT

Image
removed

“DELIVERING

ON OUR STRATEGY

As we enter the final year of our current
strategy, Iam pleased with how we have
strengthened the Company and delivered
amore consistent performance.

Imperial Brands has become a more effective
challenger business through new consumer
capabilities, agile ways of working, anda
high-performance culture

This ongoing transformation is driving
improving operational and financial
outcomes, and growing capital returns.

10 Imperial Brands PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

STRONG PERFORMANCE

In combustible tobacco, our focus on operational excellence
has enabled us to grow aggregate market share in our five
priority markets with a five basis point improvement, while
driving further strong pricing.

Since the launch of our strategy in 2021, these five largest
markets, which account for c.70% of operating profit, have
recorded a cumulative aggregate share increase of 48 basis
points. This performance is consistent with our strategic
objective to hold or grow aggregate share across these
markets, balancing market share delivery with value creation.

Over the past year, tobacco pricing increased 7.8%, more than
offsetting declining volumes, to deliver tobacco net revenue
growth of 3.8% at constant currency.

In next generation products (NGP), we continue to grow
through product innovation and scaling up within our existing
market footprint. NGP net revenue grew by 26% on a constant
currency basis. At actual exchange rates, this takes our
cumulative growth over the four years since 2020 to 64%.

The Company's strong performance has driven constant
currency net revenue growth in tobacco and NGP revenue of
4.6% — the strongest like-for-like top-line growth in more than
10 years. Logista in our Distribution segment also contributed
positively to our financial results with gross profit up 4.4%.
‘This was driven by strong performance in the underlying
business particularly in Spain and Italy as well as the benefit
of prior year acquisitions.