BETA Close X Imperial Brands PLC announced that Non-Executive Directors Susan Clark and Ngozi Edozien each purchased ordinary shares on July 3, 2026, through a dividend reinvestment on the London Stock Exchange. Susan Clark acquired 34.78001 shares at a price of GBP 27.909840 per share, while Ngozi Edozien purchased 4.77546 shares at the same price. These transactions represent initial notifications of their dealings in the company's stock. Disclaimer* Imperial Brands PLC 08 July 2026 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name SUSAN CLARK 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC b) LEI 549300DFVPOB67JL3A42 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES GB0004544929 b) Nature of the transaction PURCHASE - DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 27.909840 34.78001 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 3 JULY 2026 f) Place of the transaction LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE XLON Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name NGOZI EDOZIEN 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC b) LEI 549300DFVPOB67JL3A42 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES GB0004544929 b) Nature of the transaction PURCHASE - DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 27.909840 4.77546 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 3 JULY 2026 f) Place of the transaction LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE XLON Daniel Bevan Company Secretariat Lead Copies of our announcements are available on our website: https://www.imperialbrandsplc.com/investor-hub/stock-exchange-announcements This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Imperial Brands (IMB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Canal+ SA 6 hours ago PayPoint 8 hours ago Premier Miton Group 8 hours ago Braemar 9 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and