ASX 
Announcement 
 
 
2026 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 
 
31 August 2026 – Ansell Limited (ASX:ANN) has released to the market today its FY26 Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) Report.  
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Ansell Limited. 
 
 
ENDS 
======================================================================================= 
 
For further information:
 
 
Investors 
Media 
 
Michael Evans 
Stephen McMahon 
Ilse Nolan 
+61 481 008 490 
+61 407 507 415 
+61 438 469 789 
michael.evans@ansell.com 
stephen.mcmahon@sodali.com 
ilse.nolan@sodali.com 
 
About Ansell 
Ansell (ASX:ANN) is a global leader in safety solutions and an integrated manufacturer of personal protection equipment for 
healthcare and industrial workplaces. Each day, over 10 million workers in more than 100 countries trust their safety to Ansell 
brands such as HyFlex, Ringers, MICROFLEX, TouchNTuff, GAMMEX, Kimtech, KleenGuard, and AlphaTec. Driven by a vision 
to lead the world to a safer future, the company continuously pursues new product and service innovations that predict, prevent, 
and protect against workplace risk while promoting sustainable sourcing and manufacturing. 
Information on Ansell and its products can be found at www.ansell.com. #AnsellProtects 
Ansell ® and TM are trademarks owned by Ansell Limited or one of its affiliates. © 2026 Ansell Limited. All Rights Reserved 
 
For personal use only
Environmental, 
Social and 
Governance 
Report
2026
For personal use only
Overview 
About this report
p.3
Messages from our leadership
p.4
FY26 key highlights
p.5
About Ansell
p.6
Sustainability
Our sustainability journey
p.8
Our sustainability strategy
p.9
ESG governance
p.10
Our ESG governance model
p.12
Our material topics
p.13
Stakeholder collaboration
p.14
The United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals
p.16
2040 Sustainability Action Plan
p.17
People
Employee health and safety
p.20
Labour rights
p.22
Belonging & inclusion, 
and employee engagement
p.25
Community engagement 
and investment
p.28
Planet
Climate risk
p.32
Energy and emissions
p.33
Water
p.37
Waste
p.39
Biodiversity
p.41
Product
Innovation and product stewardship
p.44
Product safety and quality
p.49
Appendix
2045 Sustainability Action Plan
p.52
Industry Associations
p.57
Data Book
p.58
Contents
Overview
Sustainability
2
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
This 2026 Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) Report represents ESG disclosures for Ansell 
Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to as Ansell or 
the Group) for the period of 1 July 2025 to 30 June 
2026. Unless otherwise stated, all disclosures made 
within this 2026 ESG Report cover Ansell Limited 
and the entities it controlled during the reporting 
period. A full list of entities can be found in our 
2026 Annual Report. 
This 2026 ESG Report has been prepared in 
accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Standards 2021, as detailed in the GRI 
Index available on our website. The definition 
of materiality applied in this report reflects the 
GRI Standards, which consider the organisation’s 
impacts on the economy, environment and people. 
This differs from the material information lens 
applied under Australian Accounting Standards 
Board (AASB) S2 which focuses on information 
relevant to primary users of general purpose 
financial reports. Discussion on impacts, risks and 
opportunities in this report are broader in scope 
than AASB S2. Climate-related financial disclosures 
prepared in accordance with AASB S2 are presented 
in our 2026 Annual Report (pages 137 -164). This 
2026 ESG Report does not constitute the Group’s 
AASB S2 disclosure. 
In response to evolving mandatory climate reporting 
requirements, climate-related disclosures in this 
2026 ESG Report have been reorganised to improve 
alignment and consistency with the climate 
disclosures presented in the Annual Report. These 
changes also reflect Ansell’s ongoing approach to 
strengthening topic-specific disclosures, KPIs and 
targets, while continuing to progress our broader 
sustainability commitments and objectives.
About this report
↑ Image caption: Ansell partnered with the Marine Research Foundation (MRF) to support safer ocean cleanup efforts 
and help combat marine plastic pollution.
This 2026 ESG Report has been prepared for the 
same consolidated reporting entity and reporting 
period as the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements (refer to Note 18 of the Group's FY26 
Financial Statements). The currency presented in 
this report is expressed in United States Dollars 
(USD) which is the presentation currency of the 
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Amounts are presented in millions (denoted as “m”), 
unless otherwise stated.
We report on our ESG progress annually. The 
structure and content of this report were reviewed 
by members of the Executive Team and by the 
Board’s Sustainability & Risk Committee (SRC), with 
the Ansell Board providing final approval.
This report may contain forward-looking statements 
or statements of opinion. These statements 
can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘expect’, 
‘intend’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘continue’, ‘assume’, 
or ‘forecast’ or comparable terminology. These 
forward-looking statements are current only as at 
the date of this report. Although Ansell believes 
these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, 
they are not certain and involve unknown risks and 
assumptions (including many that may be outside of 
the control of Ansell). No representation or warranty 
(express or implied) is made regarding the accuracy, 
completeness or reliability of the forward-looking 
statements or opinion or the assumptions on which 
either are based. All such information is, by its 
nature, subject to significant uncertainties outside 
of the control of the Company. Subject to disclosure 
requirements, Ansell is under no obligation to 
update any forward-looking statements contained in 
this Report. 
Ansell's reporting suite
For further information and context on the topics covered throughout 
this report, please reference our additional FY26 reports. 
Ansell’s complete reporting suite is available on our website and includes1: 
  Annual Report
  Labour Rights Report 
(and Modern Slavery Statement)
  Corporate Governance Report
Acknowledgement of country
We acknowledge and respect the traditional lands 
and cultures of First Nations peoples in Australia 
and globally. We pay our respects to Elders past 
and present and recognise First Nations peoples’ 
longstanding and ongoing spiritual connections to 
land, sea, community and Country. Appreciation and 
respect for the rights and cultural heritage of First 
Nations peoples is essential to the advancement of 
our societies and our common humanity.
Contacts
To provide feedback or ask questions regarding this 
report and/or Ansell’s sustainability performance, 
please contact:
Catherine Stribley
VP, Corporate Governance, 
Social Responsibility & Company Secretary
catherine.stribley@ansell.com
Samareh Astaraki
Associate Director, Corporate Communications
samareh.astaraki@ansell.com
1.	 In previous years, Ansell published a separate Sustainability Management Approach Report detailing governance, risk management and sustainability management approaches, including information supporting GRI reporting. 
From FY26, this information has been incorporated into the ESG Report to provide a more streamlined reporting experience.
Overview
Sustainability
3
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Messages from our leadership
CEO message
Today, as we become your fully integrated 
protection partner after more than 130 years of 
leadership in personal protection, sustainability 
continues to be integral in supporting customers 
to reduce their environmental impact and improve 
supply chain traceability while being a trusted 
partner to respond to new regulations. 
In FY26, we continued the strong momentum of 
Ansell’s sustainability programs. We maintained 
our 5-year trend of reducing emissions, and today 
13% of our suppliers1 by spend have science-based 
emissions targets. Proudly, our new and upgraded 
products showcase the forefront of Ansell’s 
innovation with the new TouchNTuff™ 93-800, 
made from at least 60% bio-based carbon, featuring 
our ﬁrst in-market technology for 15 minutes longer 
acetone resistance and launching the new HyFlex™ 
Sustainable Cut Resistance Series made with over 
50% recycled PET bottles. During the year, we also 
expanded oversight of higher-risk suppliers and 
continued efforts to improve labour and safety 
standards across our value chain.
Our achievements today are a culmination of the 
consistent dedication and talent of our Ansell 
people in fulfilling our sustainability commitments. 
While we are proud of the progress made, 
sustainability demands continuous improvement, 
transparency and accountability. We remain 
focused on delivering against our ambitions 
and creating long-term value for our customers, 
employees, shareholders and stakeholders. 
Nathalie Ahlström 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Empowering our People
This year we continued to prioritise zero-harm 
workplaces, reducing our TRIFR to 0.542 (32% 
reduction from FY25) and strengthening our 
focus on employee experience, achieving a 70% 
engagement rate and a 4-point year-over-year 
increase in our pulse survey that reinforces we are 
making meaningful progress.  
Respecting the Planet
In FY26, we achieved a 36% reduction in our Scope 
1 and 2 emissions from our FY20 baseline, driven 
primarily by a reduction in volume as we made 
targeted adjustments to inventory levels and our 
focus on renewables, as we increased utilisation of 
biomass boilers and continued efficiency projects. 
We also maintained 9 out of 14 plants achieving 
our 100% renewable electricity benchmark, and an 
overall renewable energy mix of 55% (from 50% in 
FY25). We operationalised our first production line 
at Ansell India, our first Zero Liquid Discharge plant 
with a water recycling system of up to 80% and 
facilities to support renewable energy consumption.
Reimagining our Product
We continually improve the performance of our 
products with Design4Sustainability principles 
in mind, enabling competitive differentiation for 
customers seeking products with proven credentials. 
We also expanded our RightCycleTM product recycling 
program to over 254 participating customers to-
date. The program now accepts select MICROFLEX 
and TouchNTuff gloves and AlphaTec coveralls, in 
addition to KimtechTM and KleenGuardTM products. 
Rob Hughes
Chief Product & 
Marketing Officer
John Marsden
Chief Operations & 
Supply Chain Officer
Nathalie Ahlström 
Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer
Charlotte Doll
Chief Human 
Resources Officer
1. Covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution have science-based emissions targets.
Overview
Sustainability
4
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
FY26 key highlights
In FY26, we continued to pioneer the way sustainability and the future of global safety solutions progress hand in hand. 
1. FY26 engagement survey is for professional employees to check progress between the biennial group-wide engagement surveys; 2. FY26 base year of 0.795; 3. In FY26, 18 training sessions have been delivered, reaching over 1,000 employees 
equivalent to 2,376 hours of training; 4. In line with SBTi Corporate Net-Zero Standards and Guidance. FY20 base year 281,661 tCO2e; 5. Performance is measured according to Design for Sustainability (D4S) principles, only applicable for 
projects active in the reporting period, when compared with gloves of a similar make.
Companywide
No. 1 or 2
position in key segments globally
$2.1 
billion in revenue
People
74%
engagement score in response to survey1 
question: ‘I feel like I belong at Ansell.’
32%
reduction in total recordable injury frequency 
rate (TRIFR) (from FY25 base year)2 
2,376
hours3 of training delivered
Planet
36%
reduction in Scope 1 & 2 emissions (from FY20 
base year)4
58%
sourced renewable electricity in plants
9
manufacturing plants certified to ISO 50001 
Energy Management Systems 
Product
90%
of new and updated products designed5 with 
reduced environmental impact
531
tonnes of used PPE diverted from landfills 
with RightCycleTM 
254
end-users diverted used PPE from landfills via 
RightCycleTM 
2025 WorldStar Packaging 
Award winner in the Medical 
Device & Pharmaceutical 
category
2025 World of Safety and 
Health Asia Award (WSHAsia): 
Safety and Health Category 
Overview
Sustainability
5
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
10 
10 billion gloves sold per year 
Ansell supplies over 10 billion gloves each year to 
customers in more than 100 countries, supporting 
safety, productivity and protection across global 
workplaces. 
4 
corporate headquarters 
Ansell Limited is legally domiciled in Melbourne, 
Australia and listed on the Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX: ANN). Our four corporate 
headquarters are in Melbourne, Australia; 
Brussels, Belgium; New Jersey, United States; and 
Cyberjaya, Malaysia.
14 
manufacturing facilities 
We operate manufacturing facilities in locations 
such as Sri Lanka, India, Thailand, Portugal and 
Vietnam.
About Ansell
For more than 130 years, we have been a global 
leader in safety solutions and an integrated 
manufacturer of personal protective equipment 
(PPE) for healthcare and industrial workplaces.
21 
warehouses 
We have 21 warehouses located globally 
to distribute Ansell products across our 
various markets.
1,000+ 
suppliers in 30+ countries 
Ansell sources materials and commodities from 
1,000+ suppliers in 30+ countries. Our Global Sourcing 
team selects strategic and key suppliers based on 
expenditure, criticality to the business and alignment 
with our values and operating principles. We also 
work with third parties that supply select finished 
goods, predominantly exam and single-use gloves.
>15,000 
employees in 58 countries 
We employ more than 15,000 employees in 58 
countries across production and professional 
services. Our production workforce is primarily 
comprised of local employees, with a significant 
migrant workforce in Malaysia and Thailand.
Our global footprint
Our vision 
Leading the world to 
a safer future.
Our values
Passion
We have a PASSION for our purpose.
Reliability
We are a RELIABLE partner to our customers.
Integrity
We act with INTEGRITY.
Delivery
We DELIVER what we promise.
Empowerment
We thrive in EMPOWERED, inclusive teams.
Our healthcare and industrial portfolio
Through trusted brands such as HyFlex™, Ringers™, MICROFLEX™, TouchNTuff™, 
GAMMEX™, Kimtech™, KleenGuard™, and AlphaTec™, Ansell manufactures 
and markets PPE solutions to serve customers across a range of sectors, 
from hospitals, laboratories and food handling to industries like oil and gas, 
manufacturing and warehousing, and chemical and heavy industries. Ansell's 
broad range of protection solutions includes gloves, sleeves, protective clothing, 
eyewear and accessories such as chemical barrier aprons and footwear for dry 
suits, designed to provide unparalleled quality and protection.
Overview
Sustainability
6
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
ACCELERATING 
SUSTAINABILITY 
AT ANSELL
We believe in the urgent need 
to act today to achieve the 
fast-approaching sustainability 
targets of tomorrow. We are 
accelerating sustainability 
at Ansell by empowering our 
people, respecting the planet 
and reimagining our product.
Overview
Sustainability
7
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
Image caption: An Ansell employee inspects solar 
panel infrastructure at India's manufacturing site.
For personal use only
Our sustainability journey
Ansell’s sustainability journey has continued to accelerate 
in the last decade, focusing on decarbonisation, waste 
reduction and ethical labour practices. 
FY2016
We publicly 
announced Ansell’s 
environmental goals, 
completed our 
first human rights 
assessment at our 
Asian manufacturing 
plants and 
published a formal 
sustainability 
update in our 
Annual Report. 
FY2018
We implemented 
a labour standard 
management 
system for our 
manufacturing 
plants and 
established formal 
targets on emissions 
and water.
FY2019
We set our Zero 
Waste to Landfill 
target, updated our 
Supplier Code of 
Conduct (SCOC) and 
began independent 
ethics audits at 
our plants.
FY2020
We established our 
zero-recruitment fee 
policy and published 
our first modern 
slavery statement 
and first standalone 
sustainability report.
FY2021
We enhanced 
our supplier due 
diligence process, 
completed 
independent ethics 
audits at owned 
operations across 
three countries 
and announced a 
portfolio of water, 
energy and waste 
reduction projects.
FY2022
We became a 
founding member 
of the Responsible 
Glove Alliance (RGA) 
and joined Climate 
Group’s RE100 and 
EP100 initiatives.
FY2023
We joined the UN 
Global Compact 
(UNGC), achieved 
our Zero Waste 
to Landfill target, 
conducted our 
first Global 
Supplier Summit 
and launched our 
new sustainability 
communication 
framework, Ansell 
Earth.
FY2024
We were listed 
by Sustainalytics 
as an ESG Top-
Rated Company, 
implemented our 
three-year Zero 
Harm Program, 
submitted our 
commitment letter 
to Science Based 
Targets initiative 
(SBTi) to set science-
based targets 
and received two 
SEAL Business 
Sustainability 
Awards.
FY2025
Launched the Zero 
On campaign at 
all sites to address 
unsafe behaviours 
through better 
communication 
and training. We 
acquired Kimberly-
Clark’s PPE business 
and RightCycleTM. 
We also added new 
capabilities and 
capacity to expand 
the RightCycle 
product recycling 
program.
FY2026 
Our commitment 
to reach net-zero 
greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
across the value 
chain by FY2045 
were officially 
validated by 
the SBTi. We 
launched ‘Ansell 
Hands & Hearts’, 
our community 
engagement 
strategy designed 
to bring employees 
together to create 
meaningful impact. 
We operationalised 
a production line 
at Ansell India, our 
first Zero Liquid 
Discharge plant.
Overview
Sustainability
8
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Our sustainability strategy
At Ansell, our commitment to 
sustainability is reflected in 
our vision, mission and how 
we operate across the value 
chain – from governance 
and product development to 
delivery and impact.
Accelerating 
sustainability 
at Ansell
Impacts
Our strategic response
Product 
Development
•	Product design influences life cycle environmental impacts
•	Develop product portfolio 
to support customers’ 
environmental goals
•	Improve resource and emissions 
efficiency through design
Upstream 
Supply Chain 
(incl. natural 
resources)
•	Labour rights
•	Social and community impacts
•	Scope 3 emissions
•	Biodiversity and natural capital 
•	Water use
•	Energy use
•	Supplier resource use
•	Build supplier capacity to 
promote labour rights
•	Confirm alignment (supplier 
signature) with our Supplier 
Code of Conduct
•	Encourage suppliers to 
decarbonise
•	Commit to net zero emissions 
across value chain by FY45
Manufacturing
•	Health and safety
•	Belonging and inclusion
•	Social and community impacts
•	Decent work
•	Scope 1 and 2 emissions
•	Biodiversity and natural capital
•	Water use
•	Energy use
•	Operational waste
•	Business ethics and corporate 
governance 
•	Product quality and safety
•	Promote employee engagement, 
career growth, belonging and 
inclusion and ethical business 
conduct
•	Improve resource and emissions 
efficiency
•	Expand renewable energy
•	Water-efficient processes
•	Minimise landfill waste
•	Product quality and safety 
assessments
Marketing 
& Sales
•	Contribute to global PPE 
industry and supply
•	Business ethics and corporate 
governance
•	Launched Ansell Earth to 
communicate transparently on 
validated claims of products with 
reduced environmental impact 
•	Promote sustainability best 
practices
•	Communicate transparently 
on product safety and quality, 
including regulatory compliance
Downstream 
Supply Chain
•	Labour rights in downstream 
warehousing and distribution 
suppliers
•	Scope 3 emissions
•	Water use
•	Supplier resource use
•	Build supplier capacity
•	Confirm alignment (supplier 
signature) with our Supplier 
Code of Conduct
•	Encourage decarbonisation
Use
•	Protection of global industrial 
and healthcare workers
•	Packaging waste
•	Provide high-quality PPE
•	Deliver longer-lasting products, 
where applicable
Disposal
•	End-of-life product waste to landfill
•	Expansion of the RightCycle 
product recycling program
•	Educate on recycling
•	Commit to net zero emissions 
across value chain by FY45
↓ Image caption: MICROFLEX™ 92-134 Versatility.
Our sustainability approach
We recognise that our business creates both 
positive and negative environmental and social 
impacts across our value chain. These are outlined 
in the table to the right, with our strategic response 
to mitigating our impacts, and accelerating 
sustainability at Ansell.
↑ Image caption: An employee sorts materials for proper 
waste handling at Ansell’s Lanka manufacturing site.
Overview
Sustainability
9
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
ESG governance
Our Board of Directors and management have established a 
culture of integrity, transparency and accountability that is 
upheld by everyone at Ansell.
Our core values and commitment to operating in line with the 
highest legal, moral and ethical standards are also embedded 
in Ansell’s Code of Conduct.
Oversight and governance
Ansell Directors undertake a self-assessment 
of their individual skills every three years with 
reference to the Board Skills Matrix, requiring 
Directors to assess their skills relating to 
sustainability, including climate change.
In FY26, our Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) Neil Salmon decided to retire after 
13 years with the company. He joined as Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) before being appointed CEO 
in September 2021. Nathalie Ahlström, with nearly 
30 years of international leadership experience, 
was appointed to succeed Mr. Salmon as CEO. Ms. 
Ahlström joined Ansell to begin a transition period 
on 26 January 2026, and subsequently succeeded 
Mr. Salmon as Managing Director and CEO on 16 
February 2026. Following Mr. Salmon’s exit as CEO, 
he continued as a special advisor to our Board 
and the incoming CEO through to 30 June 2026 to 
ensure a smooth transition. 
For more information on Ansell’s approach to 
governance, committee responsibilities and our board 
skills matrix, see our 2026 Corporate Governance 
Statement and pages 138-139 of our 2026 Annual 
Report. Our Board Committee Charters and corporate 
policy suite are available via our website.
In FY26, key activities of the Board included: 
•	The Board received a dedicated briefing on 
climate governance delivered by a specialist 
external consultant. In addition, four Directors 
independently undertook further training on 
climate-related reporting, both individually and 
through the boards of other organisations. This 
included Directors who serve on the Audit & 
Compliance Committee (ACC) and the SRC.
•	The Board was given updates by Group Finance at 
its December, February, April and June meetings 
on the status of assessments, judgements, 
assumptions and disclosures aligned to AASB S2 
pillars.
•	Oversight and approval of Ansell’s first AASB S2 
Climate Report.
•	Oversight and approval of updates to Ansell’s 
Human Rights Statement and Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption Policy.
•	Oversight and approval of new ESG targets and 
metrics.
•	Oversight and approval of Ansell’s newly aligned 
2045 Sustainability Plan.
•	The release of Ansell’s FY26 reporting suite.
Risk management
Ansell conducts an annual assessment of risks and 
opportunities as part of its business planning and 
enterprise risk management process, covering both 
strategic and operational risks and opportunities 
across the organisation. 
This risk assessment is informed by Ansell's Risk 
Management Framework, with all identified risks 
benchmarked for significance and appropriately 
prioritised. All material business risks and 
associated mitigation actions are recorded in 
Ansell's Enterprise Risk Dashboard. This dashboard 
is updated quarterly by the relevant business units 
(including Global Environment, Health and Safety 
(GEHS) for climate-related risks) and provides a 
consolidated view of business risks. The Enterprise 
Risk Dashboard is reviewed and reported to 
the SRC. 
Any proposed additions, removals, or changes to 
risks are reviewed through established governance 
forums, including Risk Management Executive 
(RME), Quarterly Business Review (QBR) and 
SRC meetings to ensure ongoing oversight and 
responsiveness. 
← Image caption: 
Ansell employees at a 
manufacturing site
Overview
Sustainability
10
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Ansell Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct embeds our core values and 
reflects Ansell’s commitment to operating under 
the highest legal, moral and ethical standards. All 
Ansell employees and Board members are expected 
to understand and adhere to the Code of Conduct, 
which sets out expectations on matters including 
corruption and bribery, human rights, conflicts of 
interest and social accountability, as well as when 
and how to seek advice or report concerns. Ansell 
prohibits political involvement on the company’s 
behalf. In FY26, Ansell did not engage in any 
lobbying and political finance activities. 
Our Code of Conduct is publicly available on our 
website. Every two years, all email enabled Ansell 
employees and Directors are required to complete 
compliance training on the Code of Conduct, with 
topic specific compliance training delivered in 
alternate years. Within the last two years, 6,605 
professional and production employees completed 
refresher trainings on the Code of Conduct. We 
also require targeted employees, selected based 
on their exposure to potential risks, to complete 
training covering anti-bribery and corruption 
policies and procedures.
This year, we developed a site-level compliance 
risk assessment framework covering ethical and 
corruption risks. Training on the framework was 
completed in FY26, with assessments to be rolled 
out in phases from FY27. Our evolved approach 
reinforces our commitment to good corporate 
governance and mitigating risks across our sites. 
As part of our internal controls to mitigate bribery 
and corruption risks, approval procedures for 
transactions, including limits of authority, are 
embedded in our expense systems. Our internal 
controls are audited independently by our internal 
audit function.
Failure to comply with our Code of Conduct, 
including provisions relating to fair employment and 
human rights, may result in disciplinary action, up to 
and including termination, consistent with local law. 
Individual violations may also subject Ansell and/or 
its officers to civil and/or criminal liability.
Employees may seek compliance advice from 
the Compliance Function or relevant Ansell 
departments. Concerns may also be reported 
through Ansell’s independently managed 
Compliance Hotline, which is available online and 
by telephone in multiple local languages. Individuals 
who report concerns in good faith are protected 
by Ansell’s no retaliation policy. The Compliance 
Function monitors and investigates reported cases 
and reports to the Chief Legal Officer and Board. 
Responsibility for ethical business conduct remains 
with every Ansell employee.
Ansell Supplier Code of Conduct
Our SCOC, updated in FY26, is published on our 
website and formalises our expectation that our 
suppliers upho

---

nd respects human rights 
as set out in the International Bill of Human Rights 
(comprising the Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights, International Covenant on Civil and Political 
Rights and International Covenant of Economic, 
Social and Cultural Rights), and the International 
Labour Organization (ILO) core Conventions. Our 
due diligence approach is guided by the UNGPs and 
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on 
Responsible Business Conduct. 
We leverage frameworks such as Ethical Trading 
Initiative (ETI) Base Code and tools such as the 
Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production 
(WRAP) certification and Forced Labour Indicator (FLI) 
audits to identify, assess and manage labour rights 
risks in our operations and supply chain. Our labour 
rights commitments are embedded in our Labour 
Standards Policy, Code of Conduct, Responsible 
Sourcing Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct, which 
are supplemented by our operational and supply 
chain risk management frameworks. 
For more detailed information on our labour rights 
approach and progress, please refer to our 2026 
Labour Rights Report.
Our operations
Migrant operational employees face heightened 
vulnerability to labour rights and modern slavery 
risks due to a number of factors, including language 
barriers, reduced access to basic human services and 
social protection systems. As an employer of migrant 
operational employees, we implement additional 
safeguards throughout recruitment and employment 
to support their wellbeing and protect their rights. 
Every plant undergoes an initial FLI audit, with 
subsequent audits conducted based on our 
customer requirements or identified needs. FLI 
audits use a red, orange, yellow and green flag 
system based on the 11 ILO FLIs2 with the presence 
of one or more red flags indicating increased risk 
that requires further investigation and action. In 
FY26, we conducted 3 FLI audits at our plants, 
including our Sri Lankan plant, which achieved zero 
findings, for a total of 12 FLI audits to date (at 9 out 
of 14 plants). 
Grievance mechanisms
We recognise that raising workplace concerns 
can be challenging – particularly when power 
dynamics are at play. Our policies and procedures 
for grievance mechanisms and investigation 
are outlined in our Global Grievance Policy 
and Whistleblower Policy, which covers Ansell 
employees and contingent employees. At our 
Ansell facilities, we are committed to creating 
an environment where all employees, especially 
those from vulnerable groups such as migrant 
operational employees, feel safe to speak up. 
To support this, we track grievances raised through 
both the internal mechanisms at the plants and the 
externally managed grievance channels. In FY26, 
977 grievances were raised through our grievance 
channels, with 901 cases closed. This increase 
from prior years is due to improved tracking and 
recording practices following supervisory training 
and the rollout of a Grievance Handling Manual. 
Our no-retaliation policy further reinforces that 
employees can raise concerns in good faith without 
fear of adverse consequences. In FY26, we launched 
a third-party hotline at our Thailand plant. The 
hotline is managed by independent provider Lloyd's 
Register Quality Assurance (LRQA) and accessible 
via a toll-free phone number, WhatsApp and 
Facebook Messenger. Our hotline was discontinued 
in China by the external provider due to reduced 
local demand for the services.
Rollout of the 60-hour workweeks standard
We have committed to transitioning all Ansell-
operated plants to maximum 60-hour workweeks in 
line with international best practice3. During FY26, 
we continued to progress towards our transition to 
a maximum 60-hour workweek across all Ansell-
operated plants, with the standard adopted at 
our Shah Alam plant in June 2026. In parallel, we 
are focused on embedding the standard across 
our operations and strengthening the controls 
and monitoring processes to support its effective 
implementation.
← Image caption: Employees 
at Ansell’s manufacturing site 
inspecting, folding and packing 
products.
80% 
of NCs identified during 
WRAP audits in FY26 
were closed
Overview
Sustainability
23
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Audit programme
We require high-risk, in-scope direct (Tier 1) suppliers under the 
SMF to undergo regular third-party audits. Our audit programme 
was initially developed for finished goods suppliers and has 
since expanded to include in-scope raw material suppliers across 
packaging, yarn and liners, latex and chemical categories. 
In FY26, finished goods suppliers completed 72 audits (70 in FY25) 
and identified 450 NCs (2841 in FY25). Raw material suppliers 
completed 35 audits in FY26 (321 in FY25) with 455 NCs identified 
compared to 2411 in FY25. The decrease in number of audits is 
due to some suppliers being subject to a two-year audit period 
based on their compliance history and delays experienced 
by others as they transition to WRAP audits, working to build 
awareness and preparedness under the new requirements. 
The increase in NCs identified in FY26 was influenced by several 
factors. During the year, a number of suppliers underwent WRAP 
audits for the first time, including suppliers previously assessed 
against other audit standards and suppliers receiving their first 
social compliance audit. As part of the transition to the WRAP 
audit standard, suppliers were also assessed against WRAP's 
security-related assessment under C-TPAT (Customs-Trade 
Partnership Against Terrorism) for the first time, which accounted 
for approximately 20% of audit findings.
Comparability with prior years is also affected by differences 
between audit standards. WRAP applies a different audit 
methodology to previously used frameworks and may identify 
findings differently, which can influence the number of NCs 
reported. As a result, the average number of NCs identified per 
audit increased from 5 in FY25 to 8 in FY26.
We require follow-up audits by independent third-party auditors 
to verify suppliers’ corrective actions and close out NCs. Fol

---

s.
Sustainability & Risk Committee (SRC)
Oversees the identification, assessment and management of Ansell’s risks and opportunities in the enterprise risk management framework. 
Reviews risks, risk responses and mitigation actions, monitors changes in risk exposure against risk appetite and oversees progress against 
ESG objectives and targets. Provides guidance and recommendations to the Board. 
See Sustainability & Risk Committee Charter for committee’s full roles and responsibilities.
Executive Leadership Team (ELT) Sustainability Council
The ELT Sustainability Council, comprising the CEO and all members of the ELT, has management accountability for the identification, prioritisation and management of sustainability-related risks. The ELT Sustainability Council oversees implementation of approved climate and 
sustainability strategy, including related metrics and targets, and works to integrate climate considerations into business planning, capital allocation and performance management. Individual ELT members also have accountability for specific sustainability and climate-related focus 
areas relevant to their functions, supporting the integration of climate considerations across the business. The ELT Sustainability Council is required to receive updates relating to climate-related targets at least three times a year.
Chief Human Resources Officer and Chief Operations and Supply Chain Officer
Executes our People strategy and programmes related to H&S, B&I, community engagement, the operational 
and supply chain labour programmes and the Supplier Management Framework (SMF) and reports to the ELT, 
CEO and the Board, overseen by the SRC.
Risk Management Executive (RME) 
Progress against established targets, safety programmes, 
and overall safety performance is monitored by GEHS and 
systematically reviewed at monthly EHS forums and reported at 
the quarterly RME meetings. Implementation of our operational 
labour rights programme is also reported at RME meetings. 
RME meetings are chaired by the Chief Operations & Supply 
Chain Officer, led by Head of GEHS and attended by the 
Operations Leadership Team and global internal functions (e.g., 
Human Resources (HR)). The meetings are held monthly.
Audit & Compliance Committee (ACC)
Oversees the integrity, accuracy and completeness of Ansell's climate‑related financial disclosures, including reporting prepared in accordance 
with AASB S2. Reviews management’s judgments and estimates relating to climate-related matters, oversees internal controls and assurance 
processes supporting climate reporting and monitors external audit and internal audit activities relevant to climate-related disclosures. 
See Audit & Compliance Committee Charter for committee’s full roles and responsibilities.
Chief Operations & Supply Chain Officer
Manages and monitors delivery of our decarbonisation, water and waste strategies, 
including our net zero commitment and is responsible for our CDP reporting. Progress 
is reported to the ELT and Board, overseen by the SRC.
Risk Management Executive (RME)
Monthly RME meetings monitor 
climate‑related metrics and targets 
associated with emissions, energy, 
water and waste, and assess changes in 
risk exposure, controls and mitigation 
actions. The day-to-day responsibility of 
executing strategy, the risk management 
framework, maintaining controls and 
appropriate procedures, including those 
relating to climate and environment 
management, is driven by GEHS.
Climate Working Group 
The Climate Working Group comprises 
representatives from finance, risk, 
corporate governance, sustainability 
and GEHS and convenes quarterly to 
maintain oversight of climate- and 
sustainability-related developments, 
and monitor new and existing 
environmental risks.
Product Workstream
Chief Product & Marketing Officer
Delivers new product innovations, 
executes our packaging pledge 
and sustainable product pipeline 
developments. Partners with 
customers, suppliers and other 
stakeholders to develop circularity 
and end-of-life solutions for 
reduced environmental impact with 
oversight from our Chief Product & 
Marketing Officer, who reports to 
the CEO, ELT and the Board.
Research & 
Development (R&D)
Team members 
from Research 
& Development 
are responsible 
for driving our 
strategy related 
to innovation 
and product 
stewardship.
Communication & Training 
Workstream
Chief Product & Marketing Officer
Equips our people with key 
knowledge on sustainability at 
Ansell, engages with customers 
on industry solutions for 
integrating sustainability into 
PPE and leads our sustainability 
communication strategy.
Quality Assurance and Regulatory Assurance 
(QARA) Steering Committee
Annually, we review our quality objectives, with 
key performance indicators (KPIs) assigned to each 
objective. These KPIs are monitored monthly by the 
Regulatory Leadership Team (RLT) and quarterly by 
the Quality Assurance and Regulatory Assurance 
Steering Committee. Team members from QA and 
Regulatory Affairs are responsible for managing, 
monitoring and reporting our activities across 
product safety and quality.
Supplier Management Framework 
(SMF) Working Group
The SMF Working Group is an extension 
of the LRC that is responsible for 
implementing the labour rights 
programme in our supply chain and 
consists of cross-functional teams from 
Global Sourcing, Quality Assurance (QA), 
HR and Operations. Monthly meetings 
monitor the progress of the SMF and 
discuss any topics for escalation to 
the LRC. 
People Workstream
Labour Rights Committee
Consists of members of the ELT and functional leads of relevant areas of the business and is responsible for 
managing modern slavery and labour rights risks in our operations and third-party supply chain.
Planet Workstream
Overview
Sustainability
12
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Image caption: Finance professional based at Ansell’s Kraków office.
Our material topics
Evolving our approach
Ansell has a longstanding approach to identifying 
material environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
topics, underpinned by GRI-aligned methodology. 
In preparat

---

. Annually, we review our climate-
related risk analysis (including any underlying 
assumptions) which helps inform our targets and 
metrics, ongoing risk management and financial 
planning. In all our environmental efforts, we 
consider the precautionary principle; however, the 
principle is not formally embedded in our policies.
Our progress
For our stakeholders, and the global community, we 
monitor all emerging and evolving climate-related 
regulations. 
In FY26, we published against our mandatory ASRS 
AASB S2 climate-related disclosures requirements. 
We continue to monitor regulatory developments in 
preparation to report according to the CSRD in 
the EU. 
Climate risk
We are proactively taking steps to increase the resilience of 
Ansell’s operations and supply chain to climate-related risks. 
For our stakeholders, and the global community, we continue 
to monitor and respond to emerging climate-related regulatory 
requirements across relevant jurisdictions.
We also implemented Sphera as our environmental 
performance reporting platform. The platform 
strengthens internal controls on our environmental 
data and improves data reliability through evidence 
storage, validation requirements and automated 
emission-source updates. This enables more 
accurate and streamlined tracking and analysis of 
our environmental data, including full emissions 
accounting, and early detection and remediation of 
inconsistent practices. 
For more on Ansell’s strategic responses and 
climate resilience, please see our AASB S2 Climate-
related financial disclosures.
Image caption → 
Ansell UK team volunteer towards 
conservation efforts at River 
Lathkill, Peak District National 
Park in the UK
Overview
Sustainability
32
People
Planet
Product
Appendix
For personal use only
Our impact
As stated in Climate Risk, our upstream value chain 
and our own operations contribute to climate change, 
primarily through fossil fuel-based energy and the 
generation of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
According to our base year inventories, our Scope 1 
and 2 emissions (FY20) account for 25% of Ansell’s 
total GHG emissions, with Scope 3 emissions (FY22) 
representing 79%, comprising purchased goods and 
services and end-of-life treatment. By continuing 
to invest in research and development of products 
and packaging that contribute to reducing our 
carbon footprint, together with energy-efficiency 
improvements in our manufacturing processes, we 
seek to reduce emissions within our own operations 
and support broader decarbonisation efforts across 
our value chain.
Our approach
Our approach to energy and emissions centres 
on reducing our Scope 1, 2 and 3 impact via 
our decarbonisation strategy, as detailed in our 
Environmental Sustainability Policy, and aligning 
to science-based targets. Progress is tracked 
through site-specific KPIs, enabling us to monitor 
performance towards our near-term FY30 target. We 
support our suppliers in their journey to emissions 
reductions and encourage them to follow our lead in 
pursuing validated science‑based targets.
Ansell Environmental Sustainability Policy 
Our Environmental Sustainability Policy guides our 
Energy and emissions
Ansell has progressed consecutive reductions in emissions over 
the past five years and continues to strengthen its commitment 
to reaching net zero emissions across its entire value chain.
decarbonisation strategy, outlining our three primary 
focus areas:
•	Reducing our dependency on fossil fuels and 
transitioning to renewable energies.
•	Innovation in manufacturing processes, products 
and circularity.
•	Collaboration through value chain partnerships and 
policy advocacy.
We are committed to certifying all our manufacturing 
plants to ISO 50001 Energy Management Systems 
by FY28. In addition, we are progressing towards 
certifying all our manufacturing plants to ISO 
14001 Environmental Management Systems. For 
more details, see page 35. We aim to remediate 
any non-compliances with environmental laws and 
regulations, including any identified actual negative 
operational emissions-related impacts. 
Renewable energy transition
We are transitioning from fossil fuels to renewables at 
our plants. Our ongoing renewable energy initiatives 
are our foundational approach to reaching our 
emissions-reduction and energy-use goals and focus 
on three transition pathways: 
•	Renewable grid electricity
•	Renewable electricity procured through Power 
Purchase Agreements (PPAs)
•	International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs)
•	Solar photovoltaic (PV) systems
•	Biomass-powered high-pressure hot water 
generators (HWGs)
Progress against targets
1.	 In line with SBTi Corporate Net-Zero 
Standards and Guidance. FY20 base year 
281,661 tCO2e. Refer to the Data Tables in 
the Appendices for details on methodology 
and assumptions.
2.	 Ansell prioritises direct emissions 
reductions, with carbon credits used only to 
offset residual emissions after a minimum 
90% gross reduction across Scopes 1, 2 and 
3 has been achieved, with offsets covering 
the final 10% required to reach the net 
target.
3.	 In line with SBTi Corporate Net-Zero 
Standards and Guidance. FY22 base year 
878,947 tCO2e. Following the acquisition 
of KCPPE, recalculation of base year 
currently in progress with SBTi and will be 
reported in the next fiscal year. Current-
year Scope 3 data is reported one year in 
arrears. Our Scope 3 inventory is calculated 
by subject matter experts using a spend-
based methodology. We use financial data, 
industry averages and emission factors 
based primarily on spend data. As we 
enhance our supply chain engagement and 
develop our Scope 3 roadmap, we expect to 
improve the accuracy and granularity of our 
inventory. Refer to the Data Tables in the 
Appendices for details on methodology and 
assumptions.
4.	 Consequently, 58% of supplier spend 
remains with suppliers that have not yet 
adopted approved SBTs. This supplier 
cohort is identified in our ASRS S2 
disclosures as having greater exposure to 
climate-related transition risk and remains 
a key focus of our supplier engagement and 
decarbonisation activit