1 November 2024 
 
ASX RELEASE  
 
Gold drilling commenced at Ada Ann 
 
 
Highlights: 
• Maiden RC drill programme under way at Ada Ann prospect, Bonnie Vale Project, WA. 
• Drilling to follow up previous high-grade drill results1, including: 
o 4m @ 12.8g/t Au (from 25m; AA28) 
o 16m @ 2.6g/t Au (from 24m; BR19) 
• Drilling to test depth extensions, strike extension to the north and south as well as testing 
beneath a recent historic drill spoil sample of 49g/t Au1. 
 
 
Forrestania Resources Limited (ASX: FSR) has started its maiden RC drill programme at the Ada 
Ann prospect, Bonnie Vale Project, near Coolgardie, in Western Australia’s prolific Eastern 
Goldfields. The Bonnie Vale project covers approximately 75km2 of predominantly greenstone terrain 
in close proximity to the prolific Coolgardie gold hub, and 8km from ASX:EVN’s 5.9Moz Au Mungari 
operations). 
 
The programme covering approximately 21 holes for 1600m, has been designed to test the extent of 
the mineralisation at depth and immediately along strike, as well as testing the potential for an 
additional zone of mineralisation around the area of historic drill spoils that returned strong results, 
including 49g/t Au. 
  
Forrestania Resources’ Chairman John Hannaford commented: 
“We are excited to be drilling at the highly prospective Ada Ann prospect, where previous high 
grade drill results have not had any serious exploration since 2008 when the gold price was less 
than A$1,000 per ounce. Several shallow, high-grade intercepts from previous drilling represent very 
attractive exploration targets that we will be aiming to extend with this programme. The recent surge 
in gold price has also heightened the value of a potential gold discovery at the project.  
 
Also of particular interest is the investment by Evolution Mining of $250m to double production 
capacity at its Mungari operations underlining their commitment to the project and the long term 
gold production potential of the area.” 
 
 
1ASX: FRS Gold samples up to 49gt Au at Ada Ann Prospect, 10 April 2024 
 
Phone +61 8 6391 0113 
info@forrestaniaresources.com.au 
ACN 647 899 698 
 
forrestaniaresources.com.au 
Forrestania Resources Ltd 
Suite 2, 38 Colin Street 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
ASX: FRS
Figure 1: Topdrill RC rig drilling at the Ada Ann Prospect, Bonnie Vale Project 
 
 
Figure 2: The Ada Ann prospect showing down hole max (Au) assay data from historic drilling and the 
location of the cross section (A-A’); notable down hole intervals are also highlighted. The area of 
significant, high-grade Au from historic drill spoil piles is also shown.
.  
Figure 3: Cross section (A-A’), (section looking north, section slice of 10m, drilling open to the north, 
south and east) showing historic drilling with high grade Au results noted; mineralisation is also open at 
depth.  
 
Figure 4: Regional location of the Company’s Bonnie Vale project area (E15/1632 and E15/1534) with 
selected gold operations and simplified geological interpretation with government magnetics. ASX:EVN 
Mungari lies ~5km to the east of the project area.
Next Steps: 
The current drill programme is anticipated to take approximately 7 days, with assay results anticipated in a 
further 4-6 weeks later. 
 
 
 
This announcement has been authorised for release by Forrestania Resources’ Board. 
 
For further information please contact: 
John Hannaford     Simon Condon 
Chairman      Investor Relations 
Phone +61(0) 419 042 769    Phone +61(0) 417 021 312 
john@forrestaniaresources.com.au   simon@republicpr.com.au  
 
 
 
 
 
About Forrestania Resources Limited  
 
Forrestania Resources Limited is an Australian resources company exploring for gold, copper and lithium in the 
Eastern Goldfields, Forrestania and Southern Cross regions of Western Australia.  
 
The Eastern Goldfields tenements are located within the Norseman-Wiluna Greenstone Belt of the Yilgarn 
Craton. In total this includes eleven Exploration Licences and four Exploration Licence Applications, covering a 
total area of ~1,000km2.  The tenements are predominately non-contiguous and scattered over 300km length, 
overlying or on the margins of greenstone belts.   
 
The company’s Forrestania Project hosts lithium, gold and nickel prospects in close proximity to the Mt Holland 
Lithium Mine (189Mt @ 1.5% Li2O), the historic 1Moz Bounty gold deposit and the operating Flying Fox, and 
Spotted Quoll nickel mines in the well-endowed southern Forrestania Greenstone Belt. 
 
The Southern Cross Project is located in the Southern Cross Greenstone Belt and has significant potential for 
gold mineralisation.
Competent person’s statement   
 
The information in this report that relates to exploration results is based on and fairly represents information 
compiled by Mr. Ashley Bennett. Mr. Bennett is the Exploration Manager of Forrestania Resources Limited and 
is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr. Bennett has sufficient experience of relevance to 
the styles of mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the activities undertaken to qualify 
as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore Reserves Committee ( JORC) 
Australasian Code for reporting of exploration results, mineral resources and ore reserves. Mr. Bennett 
consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on information in the form and context in which 
they appear.  
 
Disclosure  
 
The information in this announcement is based on the following publicly available ASX announcements and 
Forrestania Resources IPO, which is available from https://www2.asx.com.au/  
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information 
included in the original ASX announcements and that all material assumptions and technical parameters 
underpinning the relevant ASX announcements continue to apply and have not materially changed. The 
Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are represented have 
not been materially modified from the original ASX announcements.
Cautionary statement regarding values & forward-looking information 
 
The figures, valuations, forecasts, estimates, opinions and projections contained herein involve elements of 
subjective judgment and analysis and assumption. Forrestania Resources does not accept any liability in 
relation to any such matters, or to inform the Recipient of any matter arising or coming to the company’s notice 
after the date of this document which may affect any matter referred to herein. Any opinions expressed in this 
material are subject to change without notice, including as a result of using different assumptions and criteria. 
This document may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, 
identified by the use of words such as “seek”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “plan”, “expect”, and “intend” and 
statements than an event or result “may”, “will”, “should”, “could”, or “might” occur or be achieved and other 
similar expressions. Forward-looking information is subject to business, legal and economic risks and 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in 
forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, risks relating to property interests, the 
global economic climate, commodity prices, sovereign and legal risks, and environmental risks. Forward -
looking statements are based upon estimates and opinions at the date the statements are made. For restania 
Resources undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements for events or circumstances 
that occur subsequent to such dates or to update or keep current any of the information contained herein. The 
Recipient should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements. Any estimates or projections as to 
events that may occur in the future (including projections of revenue, expense, net income and performance) 
are based upon the best judgment of Forrestania Resources from information available as of the date of this 
document. There is no guarantee that any of these estimates or projections will be achieved. Actual results will 
vary from the projections and such variations may be material. Nothing contained herein is, or shall be relied 
upon as, a promise or representation as to the past or future. Forrestania Resources, its affiliates, directors, 
employees and/or agents expressly disclaim any and all liability relating or resulting from the use of all or any 
part of this document or any of the information contained herein. Visual estimates of mineral abundance should 
never be considered a proxy or substitute for laboratory analyses where concentrations or grades are the 
factor of principal economic interest. Visual estimates also potentially provide no information regarding 
impurities or deleterious physical properties relevant to valuations. The geochemical sampling data reported in 
this announcement is not intended to support a mineral resources estimation. A ny drilling widths given in this 
announcement are down hole widths and do not represent true widths.