ABN
ANN
30
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N 69 125 3
 
 
 
 
NUAL RE
 
 
0 JUNE 2
45 502 
PORT 
016
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Power Resources Limited   
CORPORATE DIRECTORY        1 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT         2 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT      9 
 
AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION      21 
 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  22 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION       23 
  
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY       24 
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS        25 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      26 
  
DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION        43 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT       44 
 
ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION       46
CORPORATE DIRECTORY 
Power Resources Limited  1 
DIRECTORS 
 
Michael Scivolo (Non-Executive Chairman) 
Robert John Collins (Non-Executive Director) 
Hersh Solomon Majteles (Non-Executive Director) 
 
 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Norman Grafton 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
Level 1 
8 Parliament Place 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
PO Box 1618 
West Perth WA 6872 
 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE 
 
Level 1 
8 Parliament Place 
West Perth WA 6005 
Telephone: (08) 9481 7833 
Facsimile: (08) 9481 7835 
 
 
SHARE REGISTRY 
 
Advanced Share Registry Limited 
110 Stirling Highway 
Nedlands WA 6009 
Telephone: (08) 9389 8033 
Facsimile: (08) 9262 3723 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
HLB Mann Judd 
Level 4 
130 Stirling Street 
Perth WA 6000 
 
 
AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 
Power Resources Limited shares (PWW) are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange.
DIRECTORS’ REPORT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  2 
Your Directors present their report on the Company and its controlled entity (referred hereafter as the 
“Consolidated Entity”) for the year ended 30 June 2016. 
 
DIRECTORS 
The names of the Directors of the Company in office during the financial year and up to the date of this 
report are as follows: 
 
  
Michael Scivolo  Non-Executive Chairman 
Robert John Collins Non-Executive Director 
Hersh Solomon Majteles Non-Executive Director 
 
Directors were in office from the beginning of the financial year until the date of this report unless 
otherwise stated. 
 
The particulars of the qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of each director are as follows: 
 
Michael Scivolo (BCom, FCPA)   Chairman (Non-Executive)  
 
Mr. Scivolo is a Certified Practising Accountant with 35 years’ experience in accounting and taxation.  He 
is a former partner and consultant of Perth accounting firm Alessandrino Scivolo.  He is currently a 
Director of Sabre Resources Ltd, South East Asia Resources Ltd, Metals Australia Ltd and Golden Deeps 
Limited. Mr Scivolo was also a director of Prime Minerals Limited (renamed Covata Limited) from 20 
October 2009 to 30 October 2014 and Non-executive Chairman of Blaze International Limited from 1 
September 2012 to 4 December 2015 (previously a non-executive director since 20 October 2009). He has 
no interest in any shares or options of the Company at the date of this Report. 
 
Robert John Collins (CPA)   Director (Non-Executive)  
 
Mr. Collins has served on a number of ASX listed industrial and mining company boards and owned a 
large West Perth accounting practice serving the corporate sector.  He is currently a Non-executive Director 
of Golden Deeps Limited, appointed 26 February 2014. Mr Collins was also a director of Prime Minerals 
Limited (renamed Covata Limited) from 20 October 2009 to 30 October 2014 and a Non-executive 
Director of Blaze International Limited from 20 October 2009 to 8 April 2016. He has no interest in any 
shares or options of the Company at the date of this Report. 
 
 
Hersh Solomon Majteles (LLB, FAICD)  Director (Non-executive)  
 
Mr. Majteles is a commercial lawyer and has been in private practice in Western Australia since 1972.  He 
has been a board member of a number of publicly listed companies involved in the mining, resources, 
energy and biotech sectors for over 25 years.  Mr. Majteles is currently Chairman of Promesa Limited and 
Chairman of Metals Australia Ltd. Mr Majteles was also a director of Prime Minerals Limited (renamed 
Covata Limited) from 20 October 2009 to 30 October 2014 and a Non-executive Director of Blaze 
International Limited from 20 October 2009 to 4 December 2015. He has no interest in any shares or 
options of the Company at the date of this Report 
 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Norman Grafton 
 
Mr Grafton has extensive experience in both Australian and international commerce, having previously 
been based in Singapore, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Jamaica. Prior to returning to Australia he was 
Director of Finance and Company Secretary of the largest agro-industrial operation in Jamaica, on 
secondment from a major UK firm of corporate managers.
DIR
Powe
PRIN
 
The p
explo
 
REV
 
Powe
proje
1). 
Lind
Lind
West
30 to
struc
pyrit
up t
Prosp
minin
With
outcr
An e
The 
becom
Meso
orien
trend
matri
exten
serici
Durin
prosp
 
RECTORS’
er Resources 
NCIPAL ACT
principal cont
oration. 
VIEW OF OP
er Resources 
ect in the Eas t
den (Good Ho
en (Good H o
tern Australi a
ons of ore yie l
ture around 1
e-altered rock
to 16 g/t A u
pecting Lice n
ng district som
hin the Lind e
rop is poor b u
east-west vall e
contrast bet w
me the locus 
othermal gol d
ntations; north
ds, a gossan o
ix is exposed 
nds for aroun d
ite-pyrite alter
ng the year, 
pecting was al
’ REPORT
Limited 
TIVITIES 
tinuing activit
PERATIONS 
operates th e
tern Goldfield
ope) gold proj
ope) is locate d
a (Figure 2). G
lded 1 oz (~31
1 metre thic k
ks from local w
u. Linden ( G
nce 39/5062 
me 120 km sou
en (Good H o
ut is dominat e
ey appears t o
ween the ma f
for minerali s
d mineralisa t
h-northeast and
ous quartz br e
near the south
d 40m before 
ration, are dire
work was m
lso carried out
 Continued
ty during the p
e Linden ( G
ds of Western 
ject 
d in the East
Government r
1 grams) of go
k. Historic sa m
waste dumps r
Good Hope) 
and is locat e
utheast of the t
ope) lice nce 
ed by Archa e
o be underlai n
fic rocks an d
sation that h a
tion is evid e
d east-west. A
eccia with j a
hern margin o
diving under 
ectly associate
mostly restric t
t, but with no s
d 
period of enti t
Good Hope) g
Australia (Fig
ern Goldfiel d
records show 
old per ton fr o
mpling of qu a
recorded grade
is containe d
ed in the Li n
town of Leono
area (Figure
ean monzogra n
n by amphib o
d the granite 
as been explo i
ent in two m
Along one of t h
asper or he m
of the licence a
cover. Indicat
ed with the gos
ted to data c
significant res
ties within th e
gold 
gure 
ds of 
that 
om a 
artz-
es of 
d by 
nden 
ora.  
 3), 
nite. 
olite. 
has 
ited. 
main 
hese 
matite 
area. This zon
tors of gold m
ssan zone. 
collation and 
sults. 
 
 
Figure
e Consolidated
ne has an east
mineralisation,
desktop stu d
1 – Location of th
d Entity was 
-west orientat
, in particular 
dies.  Some 
he Linden project
3 
mineral 
tion and 
quartz-
general 
 
t.
DIR
Powe
 
 
 
RECTORS’
er Resources 
Figure 2 - Loca
pale yel
’ REPORT
Limited 
al geology around
llows & buff = reg
 Continued
d the Linden (Goo
golith, pale blues 
d 
od Hope) project 
= lake deposits.
area. Pink = gran
nite, greens & pur
rple = greenstones
4 
 
s,
DIR
Powe
Figu
fo
Com
The 
based
Limi
of G
Com
consi
the 2
Explo
infor
Forw
This 
limit
statem
"estim
statem
statem
that a
 
OPE
 
The c
 
 
RECTORS’
er Resources 
ure 3 - Geology of
foliated basalt (Ab
mpetent Perso
information in
d on informa t
ited and a cons
Geoscientists, 
mmittee, and ha
ideration and 
2012 edition 
oration Resu l
rmation in the 
ward-Looking
document ma
ed to, state m
ments that ar e
mate," "expec
ments. Althou
ments are rea
actual results w
ERATING RE
consolidated l
3.5 g/t
0.6
’ REPORT
Limited 
f the Linden (Goo
bf) and quartz dio
n’s Declarati
n this report t
tion compile d
sultant to Pow
a Recognis e
as sufficient ex
to the activity
of the Joint 
lts. Mr Mars h
form and cont
g Statements 
ay include fo r
ments concer n
e not historic a
ct," "intend," "
ugh Power Res
sonable, such
will be consist
ESULTS 
oss after incom
t Au
6 g/t 
 Continued
od Hope) project a
orite (Agdq). The 
lithology contai
on 
that relates t o
d b y  M r  L u k
wer Resources 
ed Professio n
xperience rele
y which is bein
Ore Reserv e
hall consents 
text in which i
 
rward-looking
ning Power R
al facts. Whe n
"may”, "poten
sources Ltd be
h statements i n
tent with these
me tax for the
d 
area. Outcrop is p
quartz diorite intr
ining varying prop
o Exploration 
e Marshall, w
Limited. Mr M
nal Organisat i
evant to the sty
ng undertaken
es Committee
to the inclus i
it appears. 
g statements. F
Resources Lt d
n used in thi s
ntial," "should
elieves that its
nvolve risks a
e forward-look
 financial year
poor but is domina
rudes the foliated 
portions of the oth
Results, Mine
who is a full 
Marshall is a m
ion by the A
yle of mineral
n to qualify a s
e (JORC) Au
ion in this r e
Forward-looki
d’s planned e
s document, t h
d," and simil a
s expectations 
and uncertainti
king statement
r was $65,999
ated by two main 
basalt in varying
her. 
eral Resource
time employ
member of Th
Australasian 
lisation and typ
s a Competent 
stralasian Co
eport of the m
ing statements
exploration p r
he words suc h
ar expressions 
reflected in th
ies and no as s
ts. 
9 (2015: $41,7
Archaean rock ty
g proportions, with
s or Ore Res e
ee of Golde n
he Australian I
Joint Ore R
pes of deposit
t Person as de f
de for Repo r
matters based 
s include, but 
rogramme an d
h as "could," 
are forward-
hese forward-
surance can b
76). 
5 
 
ypes: 
h each 
erves is 
n Deeps 
Institute 
Reserves 
ts under 
fined in 
rting of 
on his 
are not 
d other 
"plan," 
looking 
looking 
be given
DIRECTORS’ REPORT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  6 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had cash reserves of $30,126 (2015: $27,398). 
 
DIVIDENDS 
 
No dividends were paid during the year and no recommendation is made as to dividends. 
 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS 
 
In the opinion of the Directors, there were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the 
Consolidated Entity that occurred during the financial year under review not otherwise disclosed in this 
report or in the financial statements. 
 
EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO BALANCE DATE 
 
The Company held a general meeting of shareholders on 22 August 2016 to seek approval of the essential 
resolutions to complete the acquisition of all of right, title and interest in the assets which form the core 
business operations of K2fly NL. All resolutions were passed by shareholders.  
 
On 22 August 2016, the Company lodged a prospectus with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission for the offer of up to 25,000,000 Shares at an issue price of $0.20 per Share (on a 1:9.4 post 
consolidated basis) to raise up to $5,000,000 with a minimum subscription of $4,000,000 (Offer). 
 
There were no additional events subsequent to balance date requiring disclosure in this report. 
 
LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND EXPECTED RESULTS 
 
On 16 May 2016, the Company announced that it had entered into a sale of asset agreement (Asset Sale 
Agreement) with K2fly NL (ACN 163 818 059) (K2fly). On 16 June 2016 the Company announced that it 
had entered into an amended and restated sale of asset agreement (Amended and Restated Asset Sale 
Agreement) which replaces the Asset Sale Agreement and sets out the terms on which the Company agrees 
to acquire, and K2fly agrees to sell all of its right, title and interest in the assets which form the core 
business operations of K2fly (the Acquisition).  
 
Completion of the Acquisition and Offer is conditional on: 
- the acquisition agreement becoming unconditional; and  
- ASX conditional approval to re-admit the Securities to Official Quotation.  
 
If either of these conditions are not satisfied, the acquisition of K2Fly and the Offer will not proceed. 
 
MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS 
 
The numbers of meetings of Directors held during the year and the number of meetings attended by each 
Director were as follows: 
 Board of Directors 
 Held Attended 
R J Collins 5 5 
M Scivolo 5 5 
H S Majteles 5 5
DIRECTORS’ REPORT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  7 
REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) 
 
Currently the Company does not have any key management personnel other than the Directors. 
 
Directors may receive a fixed fee (plus statutory superannuation where appropriate) with Directors being 
remunerated for any professional services conducted for the Company.  Directors did not receive any 
benefits in the form of share-based payments during the year under review. 
 
There are no retirement schemes for any Directors or any loans or any other type of compensation. 
 
Board policy on remuneration is influenced by comparing fees paid to directors in other companies within 
the exploration industry, and then set at a level to attract qualified people, to accept the responsibilities of 
directorship.  No member of key management personnel has an employment contract. Being an exploration 
company, with no earnings, a relationship is yet to be established between a remuneration policy and the 
Company’s performance. 
 
Remuneration Committee 
 
During the year ended 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity did not have a separately established 
nomination or remuneration committee.  Considering the size of the Consolidated Entity, the number of 
directors and the Consolidated Entity’s early stages of its development, the Board is of the view that these 
functions could be efficiently performed with full Board participation. 
 
Directors’ Remuneration 
 
The non-executive Directors are entitled to receive directors’ fees of amounts as determined by the 
shareholders of the Company in general meeting.  Pursuant to the Company’s Constitution, the non-
executive Directors of the Company are entitled to receive directors’ fees in such amounts (as determined 
by the Directors) in aggregate not to exceed $250,000, to be divided among non-executive Directors as the 
Directors may agree and in the absence of agreement then equally, until otherwise determined by 
shareholders in General Meeting.  Non-executive Directors may also be remunerated for additional 
specialised services performed at the request of the Board and reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred 
on Company business. 
 
Details of Remuneration 
 
Directors Primary  Post 
employment
Share-
based
Other  
Year 2016 Salary and fees 
$ 
Cash bonus 
$
Superannuation
$
options 
$
 Total 
$
R J Collins - - - - - - 
M Scivolo - - - - - - 
H Majteles - - - - - - 
 
Directors Primary  Post 
employment
Share-
based
Other  
Year 2015 Salary and fees 
$ 
Cash bonus 
$
Superannuation
$
options 
$
 Total 
$
R J Collins - - - - - - 
M Scivolo - - - - - - 
H Majteles - - - - - - 
 
The Directors did not hold any interests in shares or options of the Company at any time in the current or 
previous financial years or since year end. There were no transactions with related parties during the year.
DIR
Powe
DIRE
 
The 
their 
 
INTE
 
At th
durin
 
The 
perio
 
ENV
 
The C
been 
until 
 
PRO
 
No p
any p
Com
 
The C
 
AUD
 
HLB
 
Non-
 
The 
satisf
for au
 
Taxa
 
The D
audit
audit
out in
Profe
 
The a
Direc
 
Signe
 
____
Mich
Non-
Perth
RECTORS’
er Resources 
ECTORS AN
Company has
conduct whils
ERESTS IN S
he date of this
ng or since the
Directors do n
od. 
VIRONMENT
Consolidated 
any known si
the date of thi
OCEEDINGS 
person has ap p
proceedings to
mpany for all or
Company was
DITOR 
B Mann Judd c
-Audit Servic
following no n
fied that the p
uditors impose
ation  complian
Directors are o
t services ha v
tor and none o
n Code of C o
essional & Eth
auditor’s inde
ctors’ report. 
ed in accordan
____________
hael Scivolo 
-Executive Ch
h, 7 September
’ REPORT
Limited 
ND AUDITOR
s no insuranc e
st acting for th
SHARES AN
 report there w
e end of the ye
not have any 
TAL REGUL
Entity is not c
ignificant brea
is report. 
ON BEHAL
plied for leav e
o which the C
r any part of th
s not a party to
continues in of
ces 
n-audit servi c
provision of n
ed by the Corp
nce $1,9 0
of the opinion
ve been revie w
of the service
onduct APES1
hical Standard
ependence dec
nce with a reso
 
_____ 
hairman 
r 2016
 Continued
RS INDEMN
e cover inde m
he Company.
ND OPTIONS
were no optio
ear as a result o
equity interes
LATIONS 
currently subj
aches of any e
F OF COMP
e of Court to 
Company is a p
hose proceedin
o any such pro
ffice in accord
ces were pro v
non-audit servi
porations Act.
00 
n that the servi
wed to ensur e
s undermine t
110 Code of E
ds Board. 
claration for th
olution of dire
d 
IFICATION
mnifying office
S 
ns on issue. N
of the exercise
sts in the co m
ect to any sp e
environmental 
PANY 
bring proceed
party for the p
ngs. 
oceedings duri
dance with Sec
vided by our 
ices is compa t
. 
ices do not com
e that they do 
the general p r
Ethics for Pro f
he year ended 
ectors. 
ers or auditor 
No ordinary sh
e of option. 
mpany as at t h
ecific environm
regulations du
dings on beh a
purpose of tak
ng the year. 
ction 327 of th
auditors, HL B
tible with the 
mpromise the 
not impact t h
rinciples relati
fessional Acco
30 June 2016
against any l i
hares were iss
he date of thi s
mental regulat
uring the year
alf of the Co m
king responsib
he Corporation
B Mann Jud d
general stand
auditor’s inde
he integrity a
ing to audito r
ountants issue
6 is attached a
iability arising
sued by the C o
s report or du r
tion.  There h
r under review
mpany or inte r
bility on behal
ns Act 2001. 
d.  The Direc t
dard of indep e
ependence as a
and objectivit y
r independenc
ed by the Acc
and forms part
8 
g out of 
ompany 
ring the 
have not 
w and up 
rvene in 
lf of the 
tors are 
endence 
all non-
y of the 
e as set 
ounting 
t of this
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
Power Resources Limited  9 
 
Power Resources Limited ACN 125 345 502 ("the Company") has adopted systems of control and 
accountability as the basis for the administration of corporate governance.  Some of these policies and 
procedures are summarised below. 
 
The following additional information about the Compan y's corporate governance practices is set out on 
the Company's website at www.powerresources.com.au/ 
Principle 1 – Lay solid foundations for management and oversight 
Responsibilities of the Board 
The Board is responsible for the following matters: 
o ensuring the Company’s conduct and activities are ethical and carried out for the benefit of all 
its stakeholders; 
o development of corporate strategy, implementation of business plans and performance 
objectives; 
o reviewing, ratifying and monitoring systems of risk management, codes of conduct, internal 
control system and legal and regulatory compliance; 
o the appointment of the Company’s Corporat e Manager, Chief Ex ecutive Officer (or 
equivalent), Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary and other senior executives; 
o monitoring senior executives’ performance and implementation of strategy; 
o determining appropriate remuneration policies; 
o allocating resources and ensuring appropriate resources are available to management; 
o approving and monitoring the annual budget, progress of major capital expenditure, capital 
management, and acquisitions and divestitures; and 
o approving and monitoring financial and other reporting. 
 
Diversity 
The Company recognises and respects the value of diversity at all levels of the organisation. 
Due to the size and scale of the Company’s activities, most managerial and geological services are 
provided by the Corporate Manager and the Company with no direct employees. 
When the level of activity permits, the Directors w ill ensure that women are fairly considered and the 
Company’s aim will be to promote a culture whic h embraces diversity through ongoing education, 
succession planning, director and employee selection and recognising that skills are not gender specific. 
The Company recognises that the mining and exploration industry is intrinsically male dominated in 
many of the operational sectors and the pool of wo men with appropriate skills is limited in some 
instances. The Company also recognises that diversity extends to matters of age, disability, ethnicity, 
marital/family status, religious/cultural background and sexual orientation. Where possible, the 
Company will seek to identify suitable candidates for positions from a diverse pool.  
As at the date of this report, the Company has no women appointed to the Board, or to senior 
management. 
Chairman 
The Chairman is responsible for leadership of the Board and for the efficient organisation and conduct 
of the Board’s business.  The Chairman should facili tate the effective contribution of all directors and 
promote constructive and respectful relations between directors and between the Board and 
management of the Company.  The Chairman is responsible for briefing directors on issues arising at 
Board meetings and is ultimately responsible for communications with shareholders and arranging 
Board performance evaluation.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  10 
 
Corporate Manager 
The Corporate Manager is responsible for running the affairs of the Company under authority delegated 
from the Board.  In carrying out its responsibilities the Corporate Manager must report to the Board in a 
timely manner and ensure all reports to the Board present a true and fair view of the Company’s 
financial condition and operational results. 
Company Secretary 
The Company Secretary is responsible for monitoring the extent that Board policy and procedures are 
followed, and coordinating the timely completion and despatch of Board agendas and briefing material 
and is accountable directly to the Board on all matters to do with the proper functioning of the Board.  
All directors are to have access to the Company Secretary. 
Performance Evaluation 
The Chairman and/or the Managing Director are responsible for reviewing the performance of each 
executive at least once every calendar year. During the financial year ended 30 June 2016, an evaluation 
of the performance of the Board and its members was not formally undertaken. However, a general 
review of the Board and executives occurs on an on-going basis to ensure that structures suitable to the 
Company’s status as a listed entity are in place.  
It is the policy of the Board to conduct evaluation of individual employees’ performance.  The objective 
of this evaluation is to provide best practice corporate governance to the Company. During the financial 
year an evaluation of the performance of the individuals was not formally carried out.  However, a 
general review of the individuals occurs on an on-going basis to ensure that structures suitable to the 
Company's status as a listed entity are in place. 
Principle 2 - Structure the Board to add value 
Composition of the Board 
The Company will ensure that the Board will be of a size and composition that is conducive to making 
appropriate decisions and be large enough to incorporate a variety of perspectives and skills, and to 
represent the best interests of the Company as a whole rather than of individual shareholders or interest 
groups. It will not, however, be so large that effective decision-making is hindered.   
Independent Directors 
The Company will regularly review whether each n on-executive director is independent and each non-
executive director should provide to the Board all information that may be relevant to this assessment.  
If a director’s independence status changes this should be disclosed and explained to the market in a 
timely fashion. 
 
An Independent Director: 
 
1. is a Non-Executive Director; 
 
2. is not a substantial shareholder of the Company or an officer of, or otherw ise associated directly 
with, a substantial shareholder of the Company; 
 
3. within the last three years has not been employed in an executi ve capacity by the Company or 
another group member, or been a Director after ceasing to hold any such employment; 
 
4. within the last three years has not been a principal of a material pr ofessional adviser or a material 
consultant to the Company or another group member, or an employee materially associated with the 
service provided; 
 
5. is not a material supplier or customer of the Company or another group member, or an officer of or 
otherwise associated directly or indirectly with a material supplier or customer; 
 
6. has no material contractual relationship with the Company or other group member other than as a 
Director of the Company;
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  11 
 
7. has not served on the Board for a period which could, or could reasonably be perceived to, 
materially interfere with the Director’s ability to act in the best interests of the Company; and 
 
8. is free from any interest and any business or othe r relationship which could, or could reasonably be 
perceived to, materially interfere with the Direct or’s ability to act in the best interests of the 
Company. 
 
The Company’s non-executive directors are all independent and will endeavour to ensure that it has a 
majority of independent directors at all times, subject to the right of shareholders in general meeting to 
elect and remove directors.   
 
The Company’s current non-executives are: 
 
Michael Scivolo was first appointed on 20 October 2009  
 Robert Collins was first appointed on 20 October 2009  
Hersh Majteles was first appointed on 20 October 2009  
 
Chairman 
The Chairman  should be a non-executive director who is independent and should not be the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company.  The Chairman’s other positions should not be such that they are 
likely to hinder the effective performance of his role of Chairman of the Company. 
 
Independent decision-making 
All directors - whether independent or not - should bring an independent judgment to bear on Board 
decisions. Non-executive directors ar e encouraged to confer regularly  without management present.  
Their discussions are to be facilitated by the Chairman, if he is independent, or, if he is not independent, 
the deputy Chairman.  Non-executive directors shou ld inform the Chairman before accepting any new 
appointments as directors. 
 
Independent advice 
To facilitate independent decision making, the Board and any committees it convenes from time to time 
may seek advice from independent experts whenever it is considered appropriate.  With the consent of 
the Chairman, individual directors may seek independent professional advice, at the expense of the 
Company, on any matter connected with the discharge of their responsibilities. 
 
Procedure for selection of new directors 
The Company believes it is not of a size to justif y having a Nomination Committee.  If any vacancies 
arise on the Board, all directors w ill be involved in the search and recruitment of a replacement.  The 
Board believes corporate performance is enhanced when it has an appropriate mix of skills and 
experience. 
 
Prior to the appointment of a director, appropriate checks will be undertaken to determine the suitability 
of any candidate, and the Board will provide security holders with all material information in its 
possession, which the Board considers relevant.   
 
In support of their candidature for directorship or re-election, non-executive directors should provide the 
Board with details of other commitments and an indicat ion of time available for the Company.  Prior to 
appointment or being submitted for re-election non-executive directors should specifically acknowledge 
to the Company that they will have sufficient time to meet what is expected of them.  Re-appointment 
of directors is not automatic. There are no written agreements with directors. 
 
The Company has reviewed the skill set of its Board to determine wher e the skills lie and any relevant 
gaps in skill shortages. The Company monitors any

---

30 June 2016, the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement 
of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes 
comprising a summary of significant accounting pol icies and other explanatory information, and the 
directors’ declaration for the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity comprises the company and 
the entities it controlled at the year’s end or from time to time during the financial year. 
Directors’ responsibility for the financial report  
The directors of the company are responsible for t he preparation of the financial report that gives a 
true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 
2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of the financial report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In Note 1(c), the directors also state, in accordance with Ac counting Standard AASB 101: 
Presentation of Financial Statements , that the financial report complies with International Financial 
Reporting Standards. 
Auditor’s responsibility  
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on t he financial report based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Those standards require that we comply 
with relevant ethical requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial report is free from material misstatement.  
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures 
in the financial report. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the 
assessment of the risks of materi al misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or 
error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the 
consolidated entity s preparation and fair presentatio n of the financial report in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumst ances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness 
of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the directors, 
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial report.  
Our audit did not involve an analysis of the pruden ce of business decisions made by directors or 
management. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained  is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion.  
Independence 
In conducting our audit, we have complied with the independence requirements of the Corporations 
Act 2001.
45 
 
Auditor’s opinion  
In our opinion:  
(a) the financial report of Power Resour ces Limited is in accordance with the Corporations Act 
2001, including:  
(i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 
2016 and of its performance for the year ended on that date; and  
(ii) complying with Australi an Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; 
and  
(b) the financial report also complies with Internat ional Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed 
in Note 1(c).  
 
Emphasis of matter 
Without modifying our opinion, we draw attention to  Note 1(r) to the financial report which indicates 
that as at 30 June 2016, the consolidated entity had available cash of $30,126, a net deficiency of 
assets of $76,580 and recorded a loss of $65, 999 and a net cash outflow from operating and 
investing activities of $62,272 for the year ended 30 June 2016. These conditions, along with other 
matters as set forth in Note 1(r), indicate the ex istence of a material uncertainty that may cast 
significant doubt about the consolidated entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and therefore, 
the consolidated entity may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal 
course of business. 
Report on the Remuneration Report 
We have audited the remuneration report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 
2016.  The directors of the com pany are responsible for the prepa ration and presentation of the 
remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance 
with Australian Auditing Standards.  
Auditor’s opinion  
In our opinion the remuneration report of Power Resources Limited for the year ended 30 June 2016 
complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.  
 
 
 
HLB Mann Judd 
Chartered Accountants  
 M R W Ohm  
Partner  
 
 
Perth, Western Australia 
7 September 2016
ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Power Resources Limited  46  
HOLDINGS AS AT 30 June 2016 
 
Number of Securities 
Held 
 FULLY 
PAID 
SHARES 
 
No. of Holders 
1 to 1,000  5 
1,001 to 5,000  4 
5,001 to 10,000  133 
10,001 to 100,000  99 
100,001 and over  42 
Total Number of Holders  283 
   
Number of holders of less than a marketable parcel 215 
   
Percentage of the 20 largest holders  79.749% 
    
Substantial Shareholders    
    
The Consolidated Entity has been notified of the following substantial shareholdings: 
  Number  
Kalgoorlie Mine Management Pty Ltd 
Rovigno Pty Ltd 
 7,000,000 
5,000,000 
 
Prospero Capital Pty Ltd <Prospero Capital Fund>  3,657,358  
    
    
Voting Rights    
    
The Constitution of the Consolidated Entity makes the following provision for voting at general meetings:
    
On a show of hands, every ordinary shareholder present in person, or by proxy, attorney or representative 
has one vote.  On a poll, every shareholder present in person, or by proxy, attorney or representative has 
one vote for any share held by the shareholder.
ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (Continued) 
 
Power Resources Limited  47  
HOLDINGS AS AT 30 June 2016 (Continued) 
 
20 Largest Holders of Securities as at 30 June 2016:
    
Fully Paid Ordina

---

Balance at 30 June 2016  4,813,977 (4,890,677) 120 (76,580)
      
      
      
 
 
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  25 
 
 Note Consolidated 
 
2016 
$ 
Inflows/ 
(Outflows) 
2015 
$ 
Inflows/ 
(Outflows) 
Cash flows from operating activities    
Payments to suppliers and employees  (60,794) (46,362) 
Interest received  6 20 
 
Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 
5(i) 
 
(60,788) 
 
(46,342) 
    
Cash flows from investing activities    
Exploration and evaluation expenditure  (1,484) (5,655) 
 
Net cash (used in) investing activities 
  
(1,484) 
 
(5,655) 
    
Cash flows from financing activities    
Loans from unrelated parties  65,000 35,000 
 
Net cash provided by financing activities 
  
65,000 
 
35,000 
    
Net increase/(decrease) in cash held  2,728 (16,997) 
    
Cash at beginning of the financial year  27,398 44,395 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at year end 
 
5 
 
30,126 
 
27,398 
    
 
 
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  26 
1. Summary of significant accounting policies 
 
(a) Basis of preparation 
The financial report is a general-purpose financial report, which has been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of the Corporations Act 2001, Accounting Standards and Interpretations and complies with 
other requirements of the law.  The financial report has also been prepared on a historical cost basis. 
 
Power Resources Limited (“the Company”) is a listed public company, incorporated in Australia and 
operating in Australia.  The financial report is presented in Australian dollars.  The accounting policies 
detailed below have been consistently applied to all years presented unless otherwise stated.  The financial 
statements are for Power Resources Limited and its subsidiary (“the Consolidated Entity”). 
 
(b) Adoption of new and revised standards 
Changes in accounting policies on initial application of Accounting Standards 
In the year ended 30 June 2016, the Directors have reviewed all of the new and revised Standards and 
Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the Consolidated Entity’s operations and effective 
for the current annual reporting period. 
 
The Directors have also reviewed all new Standards and Interpretations that have been issued but are not 
yet effective for the year ended 30 June 2016. As a result of these reviews the Directors have determined 
that there is no impact, material or otherwise, of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations on its 
business and, therefore, no change necessary to Consolidated Entity accounting policies. 
 
(c) Statement of compliance 
The financial report was authorised for issue on 7 September 2016. 
 
The financial statements comply with Australian Accounting Standards, which include Australian 
equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (“AIFRS”).  Compliance with AIFRS ensures 
that the financial information, comprising the financial statements and notes thereto, comply with 
International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
(d) Basis of consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Power Resources Limited and 
its subsidiary as at 30 June each year. 
 
The financial statements of the subsidiary is prepared for the same reporting year as the Consolidated 
Entity, using consistent accounting policies. 
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all intercompany balances and transactions, income and 
expenses and profit and loss resulting from intra-group transactions have been eliminated in full.  
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Consolidated Entity 
and cease to be consolidated from the date on which control is transferred out of the Consolidated Entity.  
Control exists where the Consolidated Entity has the power to govern the financial and operating policies 
of an entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities. 
 
The acquisition of subsidiaries has been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.  The 
purchase method of accounting involves allocating the cost of the business combination to the fair value of 
the assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.  
Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements include the results of the subsidiaries for the year from 
their acquisition. 
 
(e) Significant accounting estimates and judgments 
The Directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on 
historical knowledge and best available current information.  Estimates assume a reasonable expectation of
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  27 
future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within the 
Consolidated Entity. 
 
Impairment 
The Consolidated Entity assesses impairment at each reporting date by evaluating conditions specific to the 
Consolidated Entity that may lead to impairment of assets.  Where an impairment trigger exists, the 
recoverable amount of the asset is determined. Value-in-use calculations performed in assessing 
recoverable amounts incorporate a number of key estimates. 
 
No impairment has been recognised in respect of costs carried forward as exploration assets.  The ultimate 
recoupment of value is dependent on the successful development and commercial exploitation or sale of the 
respective areas. 
 
(f) Revenue recognition 
Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the 
Consolidated Entity and the revenue can be reliably measured. 
 
Interest revenue is recognised as it accrues, taking into account the effective yield on the financial asset. 
 
(g) Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash on hand and in banks and short-term deposits are stated at nominal value. 
 
For the purpo

---

le 
from, or payable to the ATO is included as a current asset or liability in the statement of financial position. 
 
Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis.  The GST component of cash flows 
arising from investing and financing activities, which is recoverable from, or payable to the ATO are 
classified as operating cash flows.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  29 
(k) Financial assets 
Financial assets 
Financial assets in the scope of AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are 
classified as either financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and  receivables, held-to-
maturity investments, or available-for-sale investments, as appropriate.  When  financial assets are 
recognised initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in the case of  investments not at fair value 
through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.  The  Consolidated Entity determines the 
classification of its financial assets after initial recognition and, when allowed and appropriate, re-evaluates 
this designation at each financial year-end.  All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are 
recognised on the trade date, i.e. the date that the Consolidated Entity commits to purchase the asset.  
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets under contracts that require 
delivery of the assets within the period established generally by regulation or convention in the 
marketplace. 
 
(i) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets classified as held for trading are included in the category ‘financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss’.  Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the 
purpose of selling in the near term.  Derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are 
designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on investments held for trading are recognised 
in profit or loss. 
 
 (ii) Held-to-maturity investments 
Non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturity are classified as 
held-to-maturity when the Consolidated Entity has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity.  
Investments intended to be held for an undefined period are not included in this classification.  Investments 
that are intended to be held-to-maturity, such as bonds, are subsequently measured at amortised cost.  This 
cost is computed as the amount initially recognised minus principal repayments, plus or minus the 
cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between the initially 
recognised amount and the maturity amount.  This calculation includes all fees and points paid or received 
between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all 
other premiums and discounts.  For investments carried at amortised cost, gains and losses are recognised 
in profit or loss when the investments are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation 
process. 
 
(iii) Loans and receivables 
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not 
quoted in an active market.  Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the loans and receivables are derecognised or 
impaired, as well as through the amortisation process. 
 
(k) Financial assets (continued)  
(iv) Available-for-sale investments 
Available-for-sale investments are those non-derivative financial assets that are designated as available-for-
sale or are not classified as any of the three preceding categories.  After initial recognition available-for sale 
investments are measured at fair value with gains or losses being recognised as a separate component of 
equity until the investment is derecognised or until the investment is determined to be impaired, at which 
time the cumulative gain or loss previously reported in equity is recognised in profit or loss. 
 
The fair value of investments that are actively traded in organised financial markets is determined by 
reference to quoted market bid prices at the close of business on the balance date.  For investments with no 
active market, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.  Such techniques include using recent 
arm’s length market transactions; reference to the current market value of another instrument that is 
substantially the same; discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  30 
Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities 
(i) Financial assets 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a Consolidated Group of similar 
financial assets) is derecognised when: 
 the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; 
 the Consolidated Entity retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an 
obligation to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ 
arrangement; or 
 the Consolidated Entity has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either: 
a) has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or 
b) has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has 
transferred control of the asset. 
 
When the Consolidated Entity has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset and has neither 
transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the 
asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Consolidated Entity’s continuing involvement in the asset.  
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the  
lower of the original carrying amount of the asse

---

ment loss decreases and the decrease can be related 
objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  31 
impairment loss is reversed.  Any subsequent reversal of an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss, 
to the extent that the carrying value of the asset does not exceed its amortised cost at the reversal date. 
 
(iv) Financial assets carried at cost 
If there is objective evidence that an impairment loss has been incurred on an unquoted equity instrument 
that is not carried at fair value (because its fair value cannot be reliably measured), or on a derivative asset 
that is linked to and must be settled by delivery of such an unquoted equity instrument, the amount of the 
loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated 
future cash flows, discounted at the current market rate of return for a similar financial asset. 
 
 (v) Available-for-sale investments 
If there is objective evidence that an available-for-sale investment is impaired, an amount comprising the 
difference between its cost (net of any principal repayment and amortisation) and its current fair value, less 
any impairment loss previously recognised in profit or loss, is transferred from equity to the statement  of 
comprehensive income.  Reversals of impairment losses for equity instruments classified as available-for-
sale are not recognised in profit. Reversals of impairment losses for debt instruments are reversed through 
profit or loss if the increase in an instrument's fair value can be objectively related to an event occurring 
after the impairment loss was recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
The Consolidated Entity assesses at each balance date whether a financial asset or group of financial assets 
is impaired. 
 
(l) Trade and other payables 
Trade payables and other accounts payables are recognised when the Consolidated Entity becomes obliged 
to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.  Amounts are unsecured 
and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. 
 
(m) Exploration and evaluation expenditure 
Exploration and evaluation expenditures in relation to each separate area of interest, for which rights of 
tenure are current, are capitalised in the year in which they are incurred and are carried at cost less 
accumulated impairment losses.  The expenditure relating to that area of interest is carried forward as an 
asset in the statement of financial position so long as the following conditions are satisfied: 
 
a. the rights to tenure of the area of interest are current; and 
 
b. at least one of the following conditions is also met: 
 the exploration and evaluation expenditures are expected to be recouped through 
successful development and exploitation of the area of interest, or alternatively, by its 
sale; or 
 exploration and evaluation activities in the area of interest have not, at the reporting date, 
reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence, or otherwise, of 
economically recoverable reserves and active and significant operations in, or in relation 
to, the area of interest are continuing. 
 
Exploration and evaluation expenditure is assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest 
that their carrying amount exceeds their recoverable amount and where this is the case an impairment loss 
is recognised.  Should a project or area of interest be abandoned, the expenditure will be written off in the 
year in which the decision is made.  Where a decision is made to proceed with development, accumulated 
expenditure will be amortised over the life of the reserves associated with the area of interest once mining 
operations have commenced.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  32 
(n) Impairment of assets 
The Consolidated Entity assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be 
impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Consolidated Entity makes an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount.  An asset’s recoverable amount is 
the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, 
unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or 
groups of assets and the asset’s value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value.  In such cases 
the asset is tested for impairment as part of the cash-generating unit to which it belongs. When the carrying 
amount of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset or cash-generating unit 
is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. 
 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-
tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific 
to the asset.  Impairment losses relating to continuing operations are recognised in those expense categories 
consistent with the function of the impaired asset unless the asset is carried at revalued amount (in which 
case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease). 
 
An assessment is also made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously 
recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased.  If such indication exists, the 
recoverable amount is estimated.  A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has 
been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment 
loss was recognised.  If that is the case the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable 
amount.  That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net 
of depreciation, had no impairmen

---

allocating resources 
and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Board of Directors of 
Power Resources Limited.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  33 
(r)  Going concern 
At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had available cash of $30,126, a net deficiency of assets of 
$76,580 and recorded a loss of $65,999 and a net outflow from operating and investing activities of 
$62,272 for the year ended 30 June 2016. 
The continuing viability of the Consolidated Entity and its ability to continue as a going concern and meet 
its debts and commitments as they fall due are dependent upon the Consolidated Entity being successful in 
completing a capital raising in the next 12 months. The directors have reduced corporate overheads and 
postponing expenditure on the Consolidated Entity’s projects where possible.  
The Directors have agreed to forgo their fees until such time as the company has successfully concluded a 
capital raising. In addition, the management services company have agreed to forgo their fees from January 
2012 until such time as the company has completed a capital raising.  
On 22 August 2016, the Company lodged a prospectus with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission for the offer of up to 25,000,000 Shares at an issue price of $0.20 per Share (on a 1:9.4 post 
consolidated basis) to raise up to $5,000,000 with a minimum subscription of $4,000,000 (Offer) in relation 
to its proposed acquisition all of right, title and interest in the assets which form the core business 
operations of K2fly NL. 
 
Should the aforementioned capital raising not eventuate and as a result of the matters referred to above, 
there is a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on whether the Consolidated Entity will 
continue as a going concern and, therefore, whether it will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and 
commitments in the normal course of business and at the amounts stated in the financial report.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  34 
 Consolidated 
 
Year ended 
2016 
$ 
Year ended 
2015 
$ 
2. Revenue and expenses   
(a) Revenue    
Interest received – other corporations 
Debts forgiven 
6 
- 
20 
38,909 
   
 6 38,929 
   
(b) Other expenses   
ASX fees 14,385 14,287 
Share registry fees 4,003 2,851 
Other 9,319 3,103 
   
 27,707 20,241 
   
3. Income tax   
(a) Income tax benefit    
The prima facie income tax benefit on the pre-tax accounting result 
from operations reconciles to the income tax benefit in the 
financial statements as follows: 
  
Accounting loss before tax from continuing operations (65,999) (41,776) 
   
Income tax benefit calculated at 30% (19,800) (12,533) 
   
Non-deductible expenses - 687 
Unused tax losses and tax offset not recognised as deferred tax 
assets 
 
20,695 
 
8,906 
Other deferred tax assets and tax liabilities not recognised (895) 2,940 
 
Income tax benefit reported in the statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
- 
 
- 
   
   
(b) Unrecognised deferred tax balances
The following deferred tax assets and (liabilities) have not been brought to account: 
   
Deferred tax assets comprise:   
Losses available for offset against future taxable income – revenue 1,542,225 1,521,530 
Impairment of investments 1,555 - 
Accrued expenses and liabilities 4,320 4,770 
 1,548,100 1,526,300 
   
Deferred tax liabilities:   
Exploration Expenditure Capitalised 7,256 6,811 
 7,256 6,811 
 
The deductible temporary differences do not expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax assets have 
not been recognised in respect of these items because it is of considered sufficiently probable that future 
taxable profit will be available against which the benefits can be utilised.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  35 
 
 
Consolidated 
 
2016 
$ 
2015 
$ 
4. Loss per share (EPS)   
   
Basic loss per share (cents) (0.14) (0.09) 
   
The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares 
used in the calculation of basic earnings per share is as follows:
  
   
Earnings – Net loss for year (65,999) (41,776) 
   
 Number Number 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the 
calculation of basic EPS 47,187,501 47,187,501 
   
Diluted earnings per share has not been calculated as there were no options on issue which would be 
potential ordinary shares having a dilutive effect. 
 
5. Cash and cash equivalents   
   
Cash at bank 30,126 27,398 
   
Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. 
   
(i) Reconciliation of loss for the year to net cash flows used in operating activities:  
   
Loss for the year (65,999) (41,776) 
   
Non-cash items   
Exploration expenditure written off 
Impairment of available for sale assets 
661 
- 
19,559 
2,291 
   
Changes in assets and liabilities   
(Increase)/decrease in receivables (214) 3,747 
Increase/(decrease) in payables 4,764 (30,163) 
Net cash flows (used in) operating activities  
(60,788) 
 
(46,342) 
   
There were no non-cash financing or investing activities during the year. 
 
6. Trade and other receivables 
Current   
GST receivable 2,002 1,492
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  36 
 
 
 
 
 
 Consolidated 
 
7. Other financial assets 2016 
$ 
2015 
$ 
Non-Current   
Shares in listed entity – at fair value 844 724 
   
Reconciliation – non-current   
At 1 July 724 3,015 
Revaluation of available for sale financial assets 120 (2,291) 
At 30 June 844 724 
   
8. Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     
Costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest in the exploration and evaluation phase: 
   
Opening Balance 22,703 36,607 
Expenditure incurred during the year 1,484 5,655 
Exploration written off - (19,559) 
   
Balance at end of year 24,187 22,703 
   
The ultimate recoupment of the exploration and evaluation expenditure carried forward is dependent on 
the successful development and comme

---

unsecured $65,000 (2015: $35,000) loan by an 
unrelated party to assist with working capital. The loan is interest free with no fixed repayment date.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  37 
11. Issued capital Consolidated 
 
 2016 
$ 
2015 
$ 
(a) Issued and paid up capital    
Ordinary shares fully paid 4,813,977  4,813,977 
 
 2016  2015 
 Number $  Number $ 
  
(b) Movement in ordinary shares on issue
Balance at beginning of year 47,187,501 4,813,977  47,187,501 4,813,977 
      
Balance at end of period 47,187,501 4,813,977  47,187,501 4,813,977 
      
(c) Share options      
      
During the years ended 30 June 2016 and 30 June 2015 no options were on issue. 
      
(d) Terms and conditions of contributed equity
      
Fully paid ordinary shares carry one vote per share and carry the right to dividends. 
  
     
12. Commitments     
     
The Company has an agreement with a management services company for the provision of services at 
$235,000 pa plus CPI.  The management services company have agreed to forgo their fees to the 
company since January 2012 until such time as the company has received sufficient capital. 
     
Exploration commitments 
There is $12,000 of exploration expenditure for the Consolidated Entity committed as at 30 June 2016. 
These commitments are all within 12 months of the date of this report. 
   
13. Contingent liabilities   
There were no contingent liabilities at year end.   
 
14. Auditors’ remuneration   
   
Amounts, received or due and receivable by auditors for:   
- audit or review services 18,500 27,050
- other services 1,900 1,850
   
 20,400 28,900
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  38 
 Consolidated 
 
 2016 
$
2015 
$ 
   
15. Investment in controlled entities   
 Ordinary Shares 
(a) Controlled entities Percentage Owned 
 2016 2015 
 % % 
Power Minerals Pty Ltd 100 100 
 
 
  
(b) Acquisition of controlled entities   
   
There were no acquisitions of controlled entities during the year. (2015: Nil)  
   
16. Director and executive disclosures   
   
(a) Details of key management personnel   
   
Directors in office during the financial year were:   
   
Non-Executive Chairman   
Michael Scivolo   
   
Non-Executive Directors   
Robert John Collins   
Hersh Solomon Majteles    
   
(b) Remuneration of key management personnel   
   
(i) Remuneration policy    
   
The remuneration policy of Power Resources Limited as it applies to key management personnel is 
disclosed in the Remuneration Report contained in the Directors’ Report. 
   
(ii) Compensation by category: key management personnel  
 
Short-Term - - 
Post-Employment - - 
   
 - - 
 
16. Director and executive disclosures (Continued) 
 
(c) Loans with key management personnel
      
There were no loans to key management personnel or their related entities during the financial year  
(2015: Nil). 
      
17. Share based payments      
      
No share-based payment arrangements were entered into during the year ended at 30 June 2016 (2015: 
Nil).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  39 
      
18. Related party transactions      
      
(a) Parent entity      
      
The ultimate parent entity within the Consolidated Entity is Power Resources Limited. 
     
(b) Subsidiaries      
      
Details of subsidiaries are set out in Note 15. 
      
(c) Key management personnel  
      
Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 16. 
 
(d) Other transactions       
      
There were no other related party transactions during the year (2015: Nil). 
 
19. Segment Reporting 
 
The Consolidated Entity has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are 
reviewed and used by the Board of Directors (chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and 
determining the allocation of resources. During the year, the Consolidated entity operated principally in one 
business segment (for primary reporting) being mineral exploration, and one geographical segment being 
Australia. 
 
20. Financial risk management      
      
Overview      
The Consolidated Entity has exposure to the following risks from their use of financial instruments: 
 credit risk 
 liquidity risk 
 market risk 
 
This note presents information about the Consolidated Entity’s exposure to each of the above risks, their 
objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the management of capital. 
 
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the risk 
management framework.  Management monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations 
of the Consolidated Entity through regular reviews of the risks. 
 
20. Financial risk management Continued)  
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Consolidated Entity if a customer or counterparty to a 
financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Consolidated 
Entity’s investment securities.  For the Parent Entity it also arises from receivables due from subsidiaries. 
      
Trade and other receivables      
As the Consolidated Entity operates in the mining exploration sector, it does not have trade receivables 
and therefore is not exposed to credit risk in relation to trade receivables. 
      
Exposure to credit risk      
The carrying amount of the Consolidated Entity’s financial assets represents the maximum credit
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016 
 
Power Resources Limited  40 
exposure.  The Consolidated Entity’s maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was: 
  
  
Consolidated 
 
2016 
$ 
2015 
$ 
 
Cash 30,126 27,398 
Receivables – other 
Available-for-sale-financial assets 
Trade and other payables 
Borrowings 
2,002 
844 
(33,739) 
(100,000) 
1,492 
724 
(28,018) 
(35,000) 
   
Liquidity risk      
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its fin

---

n 
The Board has an induction programme to enable new directors to gain an understanding of: 
 
o the Company’s financial, strategic, operational and risk management position;
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  12 
o the rights, duties and responsibilities of the directors; 
 
o the roles and responsibilities of senior executives; and 
 
o the role of any Board committees in operation. 
 
Directors will have reasonable access to continuing educatio n to update and enhance their skills and 
knowledge, including education concerning key developments in the Company and in the industries in 
which the Company’s business is involved. 
 
Access to information 
The Board has the right to obtain all information from within the Company which it needs to effectively 
discharge its responsibilities. 
 
Senior executives are required on request from the Board to supply the Board with information in a 
form and timeframe, and of a quality that enables the Board to discharge its duties effectively.  
Directors are entitled to request additional informati on where they consider such information necessary 
to make informed decisions. 
 
Principle 3: Promote ethical and responsible decision-making 
 
Code of conduct 
The Board has adopted the Code of Conduct set out at Appendix A to promote ethical and responsible 
decision making by directors, management and empl oyees.  The Code embraces the values of honesty, 
integrity, enterprise, excellence, accountability, justice, independence and equality of stakeholder 
opportunity. 
 
The Board is responsible for ensuring that training on the Code of Conduct is provided to staff and 
officers of the Company. 
 
The Board is responsible for making advisers, consultants and contractors aware of the Company’s 
expectations set out in the Code of Conduct. 
 
Policy for trading in Company securities 
The Board has adopted a policy on trading in the Co mpany’s securities by directors, senior executives 
and employees set out in Appendix B. 
 
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the policy is brought to the attention of all affected persons 
and for monitoring compliance with the policy.  
 
Principle 4: Safeguard integrity in financial reporting  
 
Audit and Risk Management  
The Company believes it is not of a size to justify having a separate Audit and Risk Management 
Committee.  Ultimate responsibility for the integrity of the Company’s financial reporting rests with the 
full Board.  Given the small size of the Board, the directors believe an Audit and Risk Management 
Committee structure to be inefficient. All directors share responsibility for ensuring the integrity of the 
Company’s financial reporting and appropriate Board processes have been implemented to perform the 
following audit and risk management functions: 
 external audit function: 
o review the overall conduct of the external audit process including the independence of all 
parties to the process; 
o review the performance of the external auditors; 
o consider the reappointment and proposed fees of the external auditor; and 
o where appropriate seek tenders for the audit and where a change of external auditor is 
recommended arrange submission to shareholders for shareholder approval; 
 reviewing the quality and accuracy of published financial reports;
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  13 
 reviewing the accounting function and ongoing application of appropriate accounting and 
business policies and procedures;  
 
 reviewing and imposing variations to the risk management and internal control policies 
designed and implemented by Company management; and  
 
 any other matters relevant to audit and risk management processes. 
 
The Company’s Risk Management Policy ensures that the Board as a whole is responsible for the 
oversight of the Company’s risk management and control framework.  The objectives of the Company’s 
Risk management strategy are to: 
 
 identify risks to the Company; 
 
 balance risk to reward; 
 
 ensure regulatory compliance is achieved; and 
 
 ensure senior executives, the Board and investors understand the risk profile of the Company. 
 
The Board monitors risk through various arrangements including: 
 
 regular Board meetings; 
 
 share price monitoring; 
 
 market monitoring; and 
 
 regular review of financial position and operations. 
 
The Company’s Risk Management Policy is considered adequate for addressing and managing risk.  It 
is intended that the Board will annually review the following categories of risks affecting the Company 
as part of the Company’s systems and processes for managing material business risks:  
 
 operational matters,  
 
 financial reporting,  
 
 sovereignty and  
 
    market-related risks.   
Principle 5: Make timely and balanced disclosure 
Disclosure Policy 
The Board has adopted a Disclosure Policy for en suring timely and accurate disclosure of price-
sensitive information to shareholders through the ASX set out in Appendix C. 
 
The Disclosure Policy ensures that: 
 
 all investors have equal and timely access to material information concerning the Company 
including its financial position, performance, ownership and governance; and 
 Company announcements are subjected to a vetting and authorisation process designed to 
ensure they are: 
o released in a timely manner; 
o factual and do not omit material information; and 
o expressed in a clear and objective manner that allows investors to assess the impact of the 
information when making investment decisions. 
The Company respects the rights of its shareholders and to facilitate the effective exercise of those 
rights the Company is committed to making it easy for shareholders to participate in shareholder
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  14 
meetings of the Company. The Company also make s available a telephone nu mber and email address 
for shareholders to make enquiries of the Company. 
 
Shareholders are given the opportunity to receive communications electronically. 
 
The Company’s website includes the following:

---

answering questions from 
security holders relevant to the audit. 
 
Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk 
 
Creation and implementation of Company risk management policies 
It is the responsibility of the Corporate Manager to create, maintain and implement risk management 
and internal control policies for the Company, subject to review by the Board.  
 
The Corporate Manager must report to the Board on an annual basis regarding the design, 
implementation and progress of the risk management policies and internal control systems.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  15 
Audit and Risk Management  
As referenced with respect to Principle 4, the Board has not established an Audit and Risk Management 
Committee for the reasons given above. 
 
Due to the nature and size of the Company's operations, and the Company’s ability to derive 
substantially all of the benefits of an independent in ternal audit function, the expense of an independent 
internal auditor is not considered to be appropriate. 
 
The Company has considered its economic, environmental and social sustainability risks by way of 
internal review and has concluded that it is not subject to material economic, environmental and social 
sustainability risks. 
 
Review by the Board 
The Board will review the effectiv eness of implementation of the risk management system and internal 
control system at least annually.  
 
When reviewing risk management policies and internal control system the Board should take into 
account the Company’s legal obligations and should also consider the reasonable expectations of the 
Company’s stakeholders, including security holders , employees, customers, suppliers, creditors, 
consumers and the community.  
 
Corporate Manager 
The Corporate Manager is required annually to state in writing to the Board that the Company has a 
sound system of risk management, that internal co mpliance and control systems are in place to ensure 
the implementation of Board policies, and that those systems are operating efficiently and effectively in 
all material respects. 
 
Verification of financial reports 
The Corporate Manager and Chief Financial Officer are required by the Company to state the following 
in writing prior to the Board making a solvency declaration pursuant to section 295(4) of the 
Corporations Act: 
o that the Company’s financial reports contain a true and fair view, in all material respects, 
of the financial condition and operating performance of the Company and comply with 
relevant accounting standards; and 
o that the declaration provided in accordance wi th section 295A of th e Corporations Act is 
founded on a sound system of risk management and that the system is operating 
effectively in all material respects in relation to financial reporting risks. 
 
Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and responsibly 
Director and senior executive remuneration policies 
The Company’s remuneration policy is structured for the purpose of: 
o motivating senior executives to pursue the long-term growth and success of the Company; 
and 
 
o demonstrating a clear relationship between senior executives’ performance and 
remuneration. 
The Board’s responsibility is to set the level and structure of remuneration for officers (including but 
not limited to directors and secretaries) and execu tives, for the purpose of balancing the Company’s 
competing interests of:  
o attracting and retaining senior executives and directors; and 
o not paying excessive remuneration. 
Executive directors’ remuneration is structured to reflect short and long-term performance objectives 
appropriate to the Company’s circumstances and goals.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  16 
Executive directors’ and senior executives’ remuneration packages involve a balance between fixed and 
incentive-based pay, reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the 
Company’s circumstances and goals. 
 
Non-executive directors’ remuneration is formulated with regard to the following guidelines: 
o non-executive directors are normally remunerated by way of fees, in the form of cash, 
non-cash benefits, superannuation contributions or equity, usually without participating in 
schemes designed for the remuneration of executives; 
o non-executive directors are not provided with retirement benefits other than 
superannuation. 
 
Executives and non-executive  directors are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements 
which limit the economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements. 
 
No director is involved in setting their own remuneration or terms and conditions, but if such a case 
were to arise, the relevant director would be required to absent himself from the full Board discussion. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Company believes it is not of a size to justify having a Remuneration Committee and that it has 
Board processes in place which raise the issues that would otherwise be considered by a committee.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT Continued 
Power Resources Limited  17 
Appendix A – Code of Conduct 
Introduction 
This Code of Conduct sets out the standards with which the Board, management and employees of the 
Company are encouraged to comply when dealing with each other, the Company’s shareholders and the 
broader community. 
Responsibility to shareholders  
The Company aims: 
o to increase shareholder value within an appropriate framework which safeguards the rights 
and interests of shareholders; and  
o to comply, with openness and integrity, the systems of control and accountability which the 
Company has in place as part of its corporate governance. 
Responsibility to clients, employees, suppliers, creditors, customers and consumers 
The Company will comply with all legislative and common law requirements which affect its business. 
Employment practices 
The Company will employ the best available staff with the skills required to carry out the role for which 
they are employed.  The Company will ensure a safe workplace and maintain proper occupational health 
and safety practices. 
Responsibi