BETA Close X Wolfram Resources Plc is shifting its investment strategy to focus on the precious and strategic metals sector and is actively evaluating potential exploration assets, including licensed precious metals exploration assets in Central Asia, with due diligence underway. Disclaimer* Wolfram Resources PLC 23 July 2026 23 July 2026 WOLFRAM RESOURCES PLC Change in Strategy Wolfram Resources Plc (LSE: WFR) is pleased to announce that, as part of its revised investment strategy focused on the precious and strategic metals sector, it is currently evaluating potential exploration assets. The Company is actively evaluating a number of acquisition targets, including certain licensed precious metals exploration assets in Central Asia and has commenced technical, legal and commercial due diligence in respect of those assets. The Company will make further announcements as appropriate in accordance with its obligations under the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. - ENDS - Enquiries: Company Woldram Resources Plc Graeme Muir gmuir@wolframresources.com www.wolframresources.com Corporate Broker AlbR Capital Limited Telephone: 020 7469 093 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Staffline Group 1 hour ago Shell 1 hour ago Genedrive 1 hour ago Avacta Group 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and