Appointment of New Director and Resignation Becket Invest PLC 14 June 2024 Becket Invest plc (" Becket " or the " Company ") Appointment of New Director and Resignation The Board of Becket Invest plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Daniel Steven Monks (aged 39) as an Executive Director of the Company with immediate effect. Daniel has over 18 years of professional experience in the fund management industry. He began his investments career at Canada Life, where he progressed to become the lead manager of the GBP 1.5bn UK Equity fund. He focused on investments within the natural resources and mining sectors, building in depth valuation models and analytical reports which helped him to make buy and sell decisions for the portfolio. His background is predominantly in fundamental equity analysis as well as quantitative strategies and trading. He went on to co-found a successful market neutral hedge fund, investing in quantitative trading strategies and equity arbitrage. Daniel brings with him a wealth of experience within equity markets and company valuation models. Daniel studied Mathematics and Economics at the University of York where he obtained a first-class BSc degree. He also holds an Investment Management Certificate and is a CFA Charterholder. The Board is very pleased to welcome Mr Monks and looks forward to the significant contribution he will make. Mr Monks does not currently hold any shares in the Company. In respect of paragraph 9.6.13(1) of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, the below details all directorships held by Mr Monks in any other company at any time in the previous five years: Current directorships Previous directorships None SunMirror AG There is no further information in respect of the appointment of Daniel Monks which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 9.6.13 R (1) - (6). The Company also announces that James Crossley will resign from the Board as of 31 June 2024 following a handover period with the incoming Director. The Company would like to thank James for his contribution to the Company. Enquiries: Becket Invest Plc Director Graeme Muir Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 Peterhouse Capital Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and