Appointment of New Director and Resignation Becket Invest PLC 05 July 2023 Becket Invest plc (" Becket " or the " Company ") Appointment of New Director and Resignation The Board of Becket Invest plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Graeme Muir as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 5 July 2023. Graeme started his career in 1993 as a lawyer with the international law firm Norton Rose (now Norton Rose Fulbright), working in London (1993-6) and Hong Kong (1996-8 and 2001-3). He is both an England & Wales and Hong Kong qualified solicitor. During his career in private practice, Graeme worked on a wide variety of corporate finance transactions, including IPOs in several jurisdictions (including London, Hong Kong, New York and Kuala Lumpur), Rights Issues, Private Placements and Cross Border M&A / MBO's. Graeme also has over 20 years of experience in private equity, including working for Nomura International in London for 3 years between 1998 to 2001, where he formed part of a private equity team that invested in technology companies, mainly in California. During this time, Graeme became a director of several Silicon Valley start-up companies, having a hands-on role in their development. The Board is very pleased to welcome Mr Muir and looks forward to the significant contribution he will make. Mr Muir does not currently hold any shares in the Company. In respect of paragraphs 9.6.13(1) to 9.6.13(6) of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, the below details all directorships held by the director in any other publicly quoted company at any time in the previous five years: Current directorships Previous directorships BPMT Ltd Pushfor Ltd ETPH Entertainment Ltd BPHH Ltd There is no further information in respect of the appointment of Graeme Muir which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 9.6.13 R (1) - (6). The Company also announces that John Taylor will resign from the Board as of 31 July 2023 following a handover period with the incoming Director. The Company would like to thank John for his contribution to the IPO. Enquiries: Becket Invest Plc Director John Taylor Tel: +44 (0)20 3813 0175 Peterhouse Capital Financial Adviser Guy Miller / Brefo Gyasi Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 Corporate Broker Lucy Williams / Duncan Vasey Tel: + 44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and