Termination of Proposed Acquisition & Name Change Miotal PLC 01 April 2025 1 April 2025 Miotal Plc (the "Company") Termination of Acquisition Discussions, Restoration of Trading and Change of Name Miotal Plc (LSE: MIO), a special purpose acquisition company formed to undertake one or more acquisitions of a target company or business, announces that it has terminated discussions to acquire SMT Holdings Limited, a UAE based entity. Accordingly, the Heads of Terms that the Company entered into with SMT Holdings Limited has also been terminated. The Company is actively pursuing alternative acquisition opportunities involved in strategic metals and rare earth assets. It is the Board's intention to apply to the FCA for the current suspension of the Company's shares to be lifted as soon as possible. The Company also announces that following a Board meeting of the Company, it has changed its name to " Wolfram Resources Plc ". The new Company name has been formally registered at Companies House and the change of name will take effect on the London Stock Exchange from 08:00 a.m. on 2 April 2025 and dealings under the new name will commence immediately thereafter. The Company's TIDM will also be changed to " WFR ". The ISIN (GB00BMWKKL25) remain unchanged. The Company's website address will shortly be changed from www.miotal.com to www.wolframresources.com . Shareholders will be unaffected by the change of name and existing share certificates will continue to be valid and should be retained. **ENDS** Enquiries Miotal Plc Graeme Muir, Director Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 Peterhouse Capital Limited Financial Adviser/Corporate Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and