Appointment of New Director Becket Invest PLC 31 August 2023 Becket Invest Plc (" Becket " or the " Company ") Appointment of New Director The Board of Becket Invest plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Thomas Furlong as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 1 September 2023. Tom has a Bachelor of Laws (First Class Hons) and Bachelor of Commerce (Finance Majors) from the University of Western Australia, as well as a Master of Business Administration (Distinction) from the University of Cambridge. He has principally worked across Australia and the United Kingdom, in fields of law, management consulting and investment banking, and has a diverse range of experience across sectors, including mining and energy. Tom has a particular interest in the sustainability field, having studied at the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership, and is dedicated to establishing sustainable supply chains for strategic and critical minerals. The Board is very pleased to welcome Tom to Becket Invest Plc. His background in investment banking and experience in the mining and energy sectors will make him a valuable addition to the Board. Mr Furlong does not currently hold any shares in the Company. In respect of paragraphs 9.6.13(1) to 9.6.13(6) of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, the below details all directorships held by the director in any other publicly quoted company at any time in the previous five years: Current directorships Previous directorships iSprout Pty Ltd None There is no further information in respect of the appointment of Thomas Furlong which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 9.6.13 R (1) - (6). Enquiries: Becket Invest Plc Director Martin Lampshire Tel: +44 (0)20 3198 2554 Peterhouse Capital Financial Adviser Guy Miller / Brefo Gyasi Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 Corporate Broker Lucy Williams / Duncan Vasey Tel: + 44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and