Potential Acquisition and Suspension of Listing Becket Invest PLC 18 September 2024 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF REGULATION 11 OF THE MARKET ABUSE (AMENDMENT) (EU EXIT) REGULATIONS 2019/310 For Immediate Release 18 September 2024 Becket Invest Plc ("Becket" or the "Company") Potential Acquisition and Suspension of Listing and Trading Becket Invest Plc (LSE: TAB), a special purpose acquisition company formed to undertake one or more acquisitions of a target company or business is pleased to announce that it has signed heads of terms (the " HoT ") to acquire the entire issued share capital of SMT Holdings Limited (" SMT "). SMT SMT, a private limited company based in the UAE, was incorporated for the sole purpose of owning and holding various strategic metal and rare earth assets (the " Assets ") which are essential in various industry sectors such as technology, aerospace and defence. The Potential Acquisition Pursuant to the HoT, the Company has entered into conditional heads of terms with SMT for the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of SMT. The final consideration is to be determined following confirmatory due diligence and final agreement between the respective parties (" Potential Acquisition "), such consideration to be satisfied through the issue of new ordinary shares in the Company (" Ordinary Shares "). The Potential Acquisition is conditional upon, among other things, the completion of satisfactory due diligence, the negotiation and the entry into of definitive legal documentation, any requisite third party consents being obtained and the re-admission of the Company's enlarged Ordinary Share capital to the Equity Shares (Commercial Company) segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (the " FCA "), and readmission of the enlarged Ordinary Share capital) (" Readmission ") to the London Stock Exchange's (the " LSE ") Main Market for listed securities. It is also anticipated that the Proposed Acquisition would be accompanied by an issue of new Ordinary Shares to finance the ongoing activities of the enlarged Company. Suspension of Ordinary Shares Due to the nature of the Potential Acquisition, it will constitute an initial transaction under the UK Listing Rules since, inter alia , it will result in a fundamental change in the business of the Company. The Company has requested to the FCA that the listing of its Ordinary Shares on the FCA Official List is suspended with effect from 07:30 a.m. today under Rule 21.3 of the UK Listing Rules, until the Company publishes a prospectus in relation to the Potential Acquisition, or it being announced that the Potential Acquisition will not proceed. As the Potential Acquisition will be an initial transaction under the UK Listing Rules, on completion of the Potential Acquisition, the Company's listing on the Equity Shares (Shell) category of the Official List of all existing Ordinary Shares will be cancelled. Application will need to be made to the FCA and the LSE for the immediate readmission of the Ordinary Shares, including the currently issued Ordinary Shares and those new shares issued as consideration for the Proposed Acquisition, to the Equity Shares (Commercial Company) category of the Official List and to trading on the LSE's Main Market for listed securities. The Company will provide further information in due course. **ENDS** Enquiries Becket Invest Plc Graeme Muir, Director Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 Peterhouse Capital Limited Financial Adviser Guy Miller / Heena Karani Corporate Broker Lucy Williams Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information for the purpose of the Market Abuse Regulation This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and