Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 09 February 2026 EnQuest PLC, 9 February 2026 EnQuest awarded Block 12W Production Sharing Contract extension EnQuest PLC ("EnQuest" or "the Group") is delighted to announce a four-year extension to the Block 12W Production Sharing Contract ('PSC'), awarded by PetroVietnam. Granted on the PSC's existing terms, this extension runs to July 2034 and provides EnQuest and its partners the opportunity to access upside across Block 12W, with prospectivity spread across three gas discoveries and several additional targets. Since the completion of the acquisition of Block 12W in July 2025, EnQuest has deployed its proven asset management expertise to maximise value from the Chim Sáo and Dua fields; completing three proactive well interventions that boosted Q4 2025 production to 10.4 Kboed (5.5 Kboed net to EnQuest). This PSC extension enables the Group to initiate plans to progress discovered resources into reserves. Commenting on the extension, EnQuest's General Manager, South East Asia, Radzif Ahmed said: We are pleased with the production enhancements made during the early period of EnQuest's operatorship and, with this PSC extension, we see opportunities to unlock significant value within the Block. I thank PetroVietnam for putting its trust in EnQuest to lead the next phase of growth for Block 12W." Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs) Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron Notes to editors ENQUEST EnQuest is providing creative solutions through the energy transition. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and across South East Asia, the Group's strategic vision is to be the partner of choice for the responsible management of existing energy assets, applying its core capabilities to create value through the transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations. Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Admiral Group 34 minutes ago Stelrad Group 48 minutes ago VP 59 minutes ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and