Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 09 April 2026 EnQuest PLC, 9 April 2026 EnQuest response to NSTA sanctions EnQuest PLC ("EnQuest" or the "Group" ) is widely recognised as the UK North Sea's leading decommissioning operator. The Group is proud to have won Offshore Energies UK's prestigious Excellence in Decommissioning Award in both 2022 and 2025. In the period encompassing these awards, EnQuest has: · Removed four major infrastructure hubs and safely plugged and abandoned 84 wells, representing 47% of all wells decommissioned in the central and northern UK North Sea in the period. · Completed this work at costs approximately 15% below the NSTA's latest benchmark average. · Ensured the deployment of a wide range of personnel and service equipment vital to the UK North Sea. · Developed innovative in-house technologies, workflows and techniques that are now benefiting decommissioning management across the North Sea. EnQuest is therefore disappointed by the NSTA's decision to issue a sanction fine of £16.5 million for non-compliance in relation to the timing of plugging and abandonment ('P&A') of 33 relatively young and inactive wells across its North Sea asset portfolio. Prioritising safety and the management of risk to life and the environment Safety is EnQuest's principal operating focus for decommissioning. This means prioritising work on the basis of asset integrity to minimise risk to human life and the environment. As a result, our scheduling can differ from the date-driven and more mechanistic approach taken by the NSTA's sanctions team. The wells that are the subject of NSTA sanction are within fields that ceased production from 2020 onwards. This means they are among the younger suspended well stock in what is otherwise a mature basin with multiple decommissioning priorities. They ranked as low integrity risk versus other wells in EnQuest's portfolio, while the majority of the 84 decommissioned wells were c.40 years old. The Group has also been clear in its communications with the NSTA that forcing additional decommissioning activity into an already full multi-asset programme, purely to comply with the NSTA's mandated timeline, would compromise the safe completion of P&A work, which, based on asset integrity, was of higher priority. EnQuest has presented to NSTA a clear and credible plan for the decommissioning of the sanction wells, and to deliver this, the Group signed a multi-year rig contract with Well-Safe Solutions in 2025. This contract secures vital supply chain resources in the North Sea well into the next decade. The NSTA has, however, decided not to take EnQuest up on its offers to discuss the sanction and our associated representations, and has instead moved directly to its decision. EnQuest is considering all options with regard to formally appealing the sanction and the fine. Commenting on the announcement, Amjad Bseisu, CEO of EnQuest, said: "This decision by the NSTA is not aligned with EnQuest's proven track record and the recognition achieved as a leading North Sea decommissioning operator. At a critical time for the UK energy sector, we believe it is essential that the regulator supports industry efforts to safeguard energy security, protect jobs and sustain economic prosperity, rather than penalising a clear leader in decommissioning execution that is prioritising safety and an integrity-based approach, above all else." Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs) Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron Notes to editors ENQUEST EnQuest is unlocking value from energy assets. Responsibly. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and across South East Asia, the Group's strategic vision is to lead as a safe, efficient operator of mature and underinvested oil and gas assets; sustainably extending field lives and delivering superior value across the asset lifecycle, as part of a just energy transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations. Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Admiral Group 35 minutes ago Stelrad Group 49 minutes ago VP 1 hour ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and