Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 26 August 2025 EnQuest PLC, 26 August 2025 Indonesia - Gaea and Gaea II PSC execution EnQuest is pleased to confirm that it has, together with its joint venture partners and the Government of Indonesia, signed Production Sharing Contracts ('PSCs') for the Gaea and Gaea II exploration blocks, located in Papua Barat, Indonesia. Under the PSC terms, EnQuest has a 40% participating interest in the blocks and is the PSC operator, alongside its partners, the Tangguh Joint Venture (40% participating interest, comprising BP Exploration Indonesia Limited, MI Berau B.V. (an INPEX and Mitsubishi joint venture company), CNOOC Southeast Asia Limited, ENEOS Xplora Inc., Indonesia Natural Gas Resources Muturi, Inc. (an LNG Japan Corporation), and KG Wiriagar Petroleum Ltd (a Mitsui & Co., Ltd)), and PT Agra Energi Indonesia (20% participating interest), through their respective newly established entities. The Gaea and Gaea II blocks present a multi-Tscf unrisked resource potential for EnQuest, estimated to be in excess of 100 Tscf by the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources (see Notes to Editors below) and are located in proximity to the bp-operated Tangguh LNG facility, as shown below: The signing of these PSCs marks EnQuest's entry into Indonesia. It also aligns EnQuest to work closely with the joint venture partners to realise the potential within the blocks. Commenting on the signing of the PSCs, EnQuest Chief Executive Officer, Amjad Bseisu said: "We are very proud to have been selected as the operating partner on the Gaea and Gaea II PSC blocks . This award is a testament to the trust the Indonesian government has placed in EnQuest, and we are committed to working with the Tangguh Joint Venture and PT Agra Energi Indonesia to unlock the full potential of these blocks." The PSCs' prospectivity may add significant upside to EnQuest's established South East Asia portfolio, a region from which the Group expects to deliver more than 35,000 Boepd of production by 2030. EnQuest will provide a further update on Gaea and the Group's broader South East Asian and North Sea operations at its half year results on 24 September 2025. Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs) Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron NOTES TO EDITORS Extract from Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources Bidding Round 2024 presentation ENQUEST EnQuest is providing creative solutions through the energy transition. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and South East Asia, the Group's strategic vision is to be the partner of choice for the responsible management of existing energy assets, applying its core capabilities to create value through the transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Admiral Group 34 minutes ago Stelrad Group 48 minutes ago VP 59 minutes ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and