Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 11 August 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT AND INVESTORS SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY INVESTMENT DECISION IN RELATION TO THE ORDINARY SHARES EXCEPT ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION IN THE PROSPECTUS. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 11 August 2026 EnQuest PLC ("EnQuest", "the Company" or "the EnQuest Group") Results of General Meeting EnQuest PLC announces that, at the General Meeting held earlier today, in relation to the proposed acquisition of participating interests in four offshore production sharing contracts in Malaysia from PETRONAS CARIGALI SDN. BHD. (" PETRONAS CARIGALI ") for a maximum total consideration of US$833 million, subject to certain customary completion conditions (the " Proposed Acquisitions "), the Resolution set out in the Notice of General Meeting contained within the combined prospectus and circular dated 24 July 2026 (the " Prospectus ") was voted on by poll and was duly approved by the requisite majority of shareholders. The Resolution was proposed and passed as set out in full in the Notice of General Meeting. The results of the poll for the Resolution was as follows: Resolution Votes for (incl. discretionary) % of Votes cast Votes against % of Votes Cast Total Votes Cast Total Votes Withheld* 1. To approve the acquisition from PETRONAS CARIGALI of Package 1 with (or without) Package 2 and Package 3 996,741,676 99.97% 301,437 0.03% 997,043,113 46,950 *A vote withheld is not a vote in law and is not included in the calculation of the votes 'for' or 'against' the Resolution, nor the total votes cast. Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement shall have the same meanings as set out in the Prospectus. Subject to the satisfaction of the remaining conditions to completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, the Company continues to expect completion of the Proposed Acquisitions to occur on 31 December 2026 with the economic effective date of the Proposed Acquisitions on 1 January 2027. As previously announced, application will be made for the readmission of the entire issued share capital of EnQuest (" Ordinary Shares ") to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (" FCA ") and to trading on London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities (" Readmission "). Readmission is expected to take place on or around 4 January 2027. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.2R, a copy of the Resolution will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Contacts: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Chief of Staff) Peel Hunt LLP (Sponsor) Tel: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 David McKeown Richard Crichton Georgia Langoulant Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron About EnQuest PLC EnQuest is unlocking value from energy assets. Responsibly. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and across South East Asia, the EnQuest Group's strategic vision is to lead as a safe, efficient operator of mature and underinvested oil and gas assets; sustainably extending field lives and delivering superior value across the asset lifecycle, as part of a just energy transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.EnQuest.com for more information on our global operations. Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast or estimate and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings, earnings per share or income, cash flow from operations or free cash flow for the EnQuest Group or the Enlarged Group, as appropriate, for the current or future years would necessarily match or exceed the amount set out in any forward-looking statement or historical published earnings, earnings per share or income, cash flow from operations or free cash flow for the EnQuest Group or the Enlarged Group, as appropriate. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Important Notices: Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt "), which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA, is acting exclusively for the Company as Sponsor and no one else in connection with the Proposed Acquisitions and it will not regard any other person as a client in relation to the Proposed Acquisitions and neither Peel Hunt nor any of its affiliates (nor any of their partners, directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents) will be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Proposed Acquisitions or any other transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in this announcement. This announcement has been issued by, and is the sole responsibility of, the Company. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability whatever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) is or will be accepted by Peel Hunt or any other advisers to the Company or by any of their respective affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents as to or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed. The statements contained in this announcement are made as at the date of this announcement, unless some other time is specified in relation to them, and publication of this announcement shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this announcement since such date. The contents of this announcement are for information purposes only and are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each shareholder should consult its own legal adviser, financial adviser or tax adviser for legal, financial or tax advice, respectively. Neither the content of the Company's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on the Company's website is incorporated in, or forms part of, this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Admiral Group 36 minutes ago Stelrad Group 49 minutes ago VP 1 hour ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and