Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 27 November 2025 EnQuest PLC, 27 November 2025 EnQuest wins 'Excellence in Decommissioning' award EnQuest (or the 'Group') is proud to announce that it has won the Offshore Energies UK ('OEUK') award for Excellence in Decommissioning in recognition of its sector-leading work on the Heather Decommissioning Project. This is the second time in four years that EnQuest has been awarded this prestigious industry accolade, following recognition for the successful project to remove the Northern Producer Floating Storage Unit from the Dons field in 2022. This award is further validation of EnQuest's established top-quartile decommissioning performance, which has seen the Group complete the plugging and abandonment of more than 90 North Sea wells in the past four years and, as part of the Heather project, execute the heaviest lift in the basin this year. Being honoured in this way is a testament to the expertise and commitment that exists within EnQuest's dedicated in-house decommissioning team and recognises the Group's strategy to prioritise decommissioning work on an integrity risk basis, with a clear focus on minimising risk to human life and the environment. In delivering the award at a ceremony in St Andrews, and while rightly lauding the efforts of all finalists across the various award categories, OEUK noted that EnQuest has "set an exemplary benchmark for safety and cost performance", "demonstrating industry-leading efficiency." Commenting on the award, EnQuest Projects and Decommissioning Director, Nick Tulip said : " The Heather Decommissioning Project rightly stands as a North Sea exemplar, putting into practice the learnings that the EnQuest team have derived from a sustained period of high performance. This award is the culmination of years of planning and execution work, and I am immensely proud of my colleagues across EnQuest, as well as our JV partners, key contractor Allseas and the wider project support network." Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs) Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron ENQUEST EnQuest is providing creative solutions through the energy transition. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and South East Asia, the Group's strategic vision is to be the partner of choice for the responsible management of existing energy assets, applying its core capabilities to create value through the transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Admiral Group 34 minutes ago Stelrad Group 48 minutes ago VP 59 minutes ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and