Disclaimer* EnQuest PLC 23 April 2026 EnQuest PLC, 23 April 2026 Publication of Annual Report and Notice of AGM Following the release of EnQuest's 2025 full year audited results on 25 March 2026, the Company is pleased to announce that the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts ('ARA') and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting ('AGM') have been posted to shareholders. These documents are publicly available on the EnQuest PLC website ( www.enquest.com ), under the Investors section. In compliance with UKLR 6.4.1 and DTR 6.3.5R, the Company will submit to the National Storage Mechanism copies of its 2025 ARA and the 2026 Notice of AGM. These documents will be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The AGM will take place at 2.00 p.m. (BST), 22 May 2026 at Ashurst LLP, London Fruit & Wool Exchange, 1 Duval Square, London, E1 6PW, United Kingdom. The total of the votes cast by shareholders for and against, or withheld, on each resolution will be published on the Company's website ( www.enquest.com ), on or shortly after 22 May 2026. Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Kate Christ Company Secretary MUFG Corporate Markets Our Registrar is MUFG Corporate Markets. They are available between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., Monday to Friday (BST) (excluding public holidays in England and Wales) on 0371 664 0300. ENQUEST EnQuest is unlocking value from energy assets. Responsibly. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and across South East Asia, the Group's strategic vision is to lead as a safe, efficient operator of mature and underinvested oil and gas assets; sustainably extending field lives and delivering superior value across the asset lifecycle, as part of a just energy transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and