EnQuest PLC - Malaysia Operator of the Year award EnQuest PLC 10 June 2025 EnQuest PLC ("EnQuest" or the "Company") Malaysia PAC Operator of the Year 10 June 2025 EnQuest Malaysia was the proud recipient of two prestigious awards, including Operator of the Year, at the recent PETRONAS Emerald Awards ceremony in Kuala Lumpur. This is the second consecutive year in which EnQuest has been recognised as the best Petroleum Arrangement Contractor ('PAC') by PETRONAS and the first time in the history of the awards that this accolade has been retained. In addition to the PAC of the Year award, PETRONAS also recognised EnQuest with an award for Abandonment Excellence. The Emerald Awards celebrate the achievements of upstream operators across various technical and non-technical disciplines. Award recipients were selected based on key criteria, including operational performance, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, and active collaboration with PETRONAS and the wider upstream sector in Malaysia throughout 2024. This year's theme, 'Advancing Progress Towards a Sustainable Future', reflects a collective commitment to sustainability and innovation across the industry, values that are central to EnQuest's global operations. These awards are further validation of EnQuest's strong reputation in Malaysia, built over ten years of successful operations in the country, and demonstrate the esteem in which the Company's capabilities are held as we continue to deliver diversified growth across South East Asia. EnQuest has announced several key growth initiatives in the region in recent months, including the award of the DEWA PSC and securing the Seligi 1b gas agreement in Malaysia, the acquisition of Harbour Energy's Vietnam business and, most recently, the successful PSC awards at Gaea and Gaea II in Indonesia. EnQuest has now established a pathway to grow its South East Asian production to more than 35,000 Boepd by the end of the decade, with the opportunity to deliver additional upside across its existing Asia portfolio through field optimisation, organic investment, acquisition and further new country entries. On the PAC Operator of the Year, Radzif Ahmed, South East Asia General Manager said: "To receive this recognition once is a great honour. To receive it twice, back-to-back, is a powerful testament to the consistency, capability, and commitment of the EnQuest team, both onshore and offshore. It is also a reaffirmation of the vision we share with PETRONAS in advancing Malaysia's upstream sector. 2024 was a significant year for EnQuest Malaysia; we celebrated our 10 years in Malaysia, the DEWA PSC awards, and enhanced Seligi gas development, and we were proud to continue our track record of HSE excellence with zero lost time injuries. We look forward to deploying our operational excellence as we deliver continued growth in Malaysia and across the region." Ends For further information please contact: EnQuest PLC Tel: +44 (0)20 7925 4900 Amjad Bseisu (Chief Executive Officer) Jonathan Copus (Chief Financial Officer) Craig Baxter (Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs) Teneo Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Martin Robinson Harry Cameron Notes to editors ENQUEST EnQuest is providing creative solutions through the energy transition. As an independent energy company with operations in the UK North Sea and Malaysia, the Group's strategic vision is to be the partner of choice for the responsible management of existing energy assets, applying its core capabilities to create value through the transition. EnQuest PLC trades on the London Stock Exchange. Please visit our website www.enquest.com for more information on our global operations. Forward-looking statements: This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to EnQuest's expectations and plans, strategy, management's objectives, future performance, production, reserves, costs, revenues and other trend information. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and forecasts. The statements have been made with reference to forecast price changes, economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Past share performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies EnQuest (ENQ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and