BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has announced that Tony Quinlan, a Non-Executive Director, will be appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Harworth Group plc effective June 1, 2026, and will also join Harworth's Audit and Remuneration Committees. Mr. Quinlan currently holds the positions of Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Costain Audit and Risk Committee, and is a member of all Costain Board Committees. This external appointment is being disclosed in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R(2). Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 18 May 2026 Costain Group PLC ('Costain') LEI: 213800PKIJBZ2EDTKC88 18 May 2026 External Appointment Further to the announcement by Harworth Group plc ('Harworth') released earlier today and in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R(2), Costain announces that Tony Quinlan, Non-Executive Director, will be appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director of Harworth with effect from 1 June 2026. On appointment Mr Quinlan will join Harworth's Audit and Remuneration Committees. Tony is Senior Independent Director, Chair of the Costain Audit and Risk Committee and a member of all Costain Board Committees. Enquiries Investors and analysts matt.jones@costain.com Matthew Jones, Costain +44 (0) 7860 922 341 Company Secretariat costaincosec@costain.com Katie Mullins +44 (0) 7353 006 675 Cyd Trumper +44 (0) 7879 133 084 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and