BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has announced that shareholders have elected to receive 41,140 new ordinary shares in lieu of cash for their final dividend for the year ending 31 December 2025, with these new shares expected to be admitted to the London Stock Exchange and commence trading on 26 May 2026. These new shares will rank equally with existing shares, and the company has made application for their admission to the Official List of the UK Listing Authority. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 18 May 2026 Costain Group PLC LEI:213800PKIJBZ2EDTKC88 18 May 2026 2025 Final Dividend - Scrip Alternative Costain Group PLC ('the Company') announces that, following approval by shareholders at the Company's 2025 Annual General Meeting of the renewal of the scrip dividend scheme, elections have been made by shareholders to receive 41,140 ordinary shares of 1p each in the Company ("Shares") in lieu of cash in respect of their final dividend for the year ending 31 December 2025, which is to be paid on Tuesday 26 May 2026. Application has therefore been made for the admission of 41,140 new Shares to the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and to trading on the London Stock Exchange's market for listed securities. The new Shares will rank pari passu with the Company's existing issued Shares and dealings are expected to commence on Tuesday 26 May 2026. The mandate form and the scrip dividend booklet containing the terms of the Company's scrip dividend scheme are set out on the Company's website at: Dividends | Costain Copies of the above documents have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available for inspection at National Storage Mechanism | FCA . Enquiries Investors and analysts matt.jones@costain.com Matthew Jones, Costain +44 (0) 7860 922 341 Company Secretariat costaincosec@costain.com Katie Mullins, Costain Cyd Trumper, Costain +44 (0)20 3922 0600 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac +44 (0) 7968 997 365 Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7946 494 568 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and