Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 09 October 2026 Costain Group PLC (the 'Company' or 'Costain') 9 October 2026 LEI: 213800PKIJBZ2EDTKC88 Update Statement 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM) Political Donations Resolution Vote At the Company's AGM held on 14 May 2026, resolution 14, which sought authorisation to make political donations or expenditure, passed with the requisite majority of votes. However, 20.57% of the votes cast were against the resolution. This announcement is made in accordance with Provision 4 of the UK Corporate Governance Code and provides an update to the Company's Result of AGM announcement published on 14 May 2026. Following the AGM, Costain discussed the resolution with the Company's largest shareholders who voted against the resolution. Those discussions indicated that their voting position reflected the shareholders' general policy position on political donations/expenditure, rather than any concerns regarding the Company. Consistent with the approach adopted by many UK listed companies, Costain intends to continue seeking annual renewal of this authority as a precautionary measure. This is because the very broad definitions of "political donations" and "political expenditure" under the Companies Act 2006 may capture certain routine business activities that would not ordinarily be regarded as political in nature. The Company's policy is, and continues to be, to not make political donations or to incur political expenditure. The Board recognises the importance of maintaining effective communication with shareholders and remains committed to constructive engagement with both institutional and private shareholders on this matter. Enquiries: Costain Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922 341 Company Secretariat costaincosec@costain.com Katie Mullins, Costain Cyd Trumper, Costain +44 (0)20 3922 0600 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7968 997 365 +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Canal+ SA 45 minutes ago Galliford Try 59 minutes ago SSE 1 hour ago British Land Company 1 hour ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and