BETA Close X Costain Group PLC will release its 2026 Half Year Results on August 13, 2026, followed by an investor Q&A session hosted via Investor Meet Company on August 17, 2026, at 10:00 am. The Q&A will feature CEO Alex Vaughan and CFO Helen Willis, allowing existing and potential shareholders to submit questions pre-event or during the live presentation. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 27 July 2026 Costain Group PLC 27 July 2026 Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Half Year 2026 Results Investor Q&A Costain Group PLC ("Costain") announces that Alex Vaughan, CEO, and Helen Willis, CFO, will be hosting an investor Q&A session relating to the 2026 Half Year Results via Investor Meet Company on 17 August 2026 at 10.00am. The Q&A session is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 10:00am the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Costain via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/costain-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Costain on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Costain will issue its results for the half year 2026 on 13 August 2026. Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac +44 (0) 7968 997 365 Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and