Cost Reduction Programme and Directorate Change Technology Minerals PLC 13 September 2024 The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 13 September 2024 Technology Minerals Plc ("Technology Minerals" or the "Company") Directorate Change and Cost Reduction Programme Technology Minerals Plc (LSE: TM1), the UK's pioneering firm in establishing a circular economy for battery metals, today announces that it is carrying out a cost reduction programme to enhance efficiencies throughout the business and focus on the Company's key assets, including its 48.35% held associate, Recyclus Group Ltd ("Recyclus"). The Company has undertaken a review of operations and is implementing cost reduction measures across the business including a redundancy programme to reduce its total workforce, a reduction in head office costs, and an ongoing review of all service providers. As part of the cost reduction programme, Philip Beard has agreed to step down as an Independent Non-Executive Director and as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee with immediate effect. In view of the reduction in the number of Independent Non-Executive Directors, the future composition of the Board and its committees will be reviewed and the appointment of a new Chair of the Remuneration Committee will be announced in due course. Robin Brundle, Chairman of Technology Minerals, said: " These cost reduction measures have been identified as part of the Board's efforts to increase efficiencies and drive productivity throughout every level of the business. On behalf of the Board, I'd like to extend our thanks and appreciation to Phil for his contribution to the Company. We are grateful for all the strategic guidance Phil has provided to Technology Minerals and wish him the best in his future endeavours." Enquiries Technology Minerals Plc Robin Brundle, Executive Chairman Alex Stanbury, Chief Executive Officer c/o +44 (0)20 4582 3500 Oberon Investments Limited (Broker) Nick Lovering, Adam Pollock +44 (0)20 3179 0500 Gracechurch Group (Financial PR) Harry Chathli, Alexis Gore, Rebecca Scott +44 (0)20 4582 3500 Technology Minerals Plc Technology Minerals is developing the UK's first listed, sustainable circular economy for battery metals, using cutting-edge technology to recycle, recover, and re-use battery technologies for a renewable energy future. Technology Minerals is focused on raw material exploration required for Li-ion batteries, whilst solving the ecological issue of spent Li-ion batteries, by recycling them for re-use by battery manufacturers. Further information on Technology Minerals is available at www.technologyminerals.co.uk. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mantle Resilience Plc (MNTL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and