BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has been selected by Transport for London as one of three contractors for its Infrastructure Improvement Framework, valued at approximately £700 million over a two-year term with a potential two-year extension. This multi-discipline framework will involve Costain providing design, engineering, programme delivery, and supply chain management for major transportation infrastructure projects across London, including upgrades at South Kensington tube station and the step-free access programme. This award continues Costain's long-standing partnership with TfL, now extending over 25 years. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 09 June 2026 Costain Group PLC 9 June 2026 Costain wins place on £700m Transport for London framework Costain Group PLC ("Costain") today announces that it has been selected by Transport for London ("TfL") as one of three contractors on its Infrastructure Improvement Framework , which carries a total value of approximately £700m. Projects will be awarded over a two-year term, with an option of a two-year extension. The multi-discipline framework will see Costain provide a range of services, including design, engineering, programme delivery and supply chain management. The framework will allow for the delivery of major complex transportation infrastructure across the capital, such as upgrade work at South Kensington tube station and works to enable TfL's step-free access programme. The award continues Costain's long-standing partnership with TfL which now extends over 25 years, including recent road projects such as the successful refurbishment of the A40 Westway and an ongoing refurbishment project at Brent Cross Interchange. Alex Vaughan, Chief Executive Officer of Costain, commented: "We are a trusted, long-term partner of Transport for London, and our growing relationship with this important customer is testament to our proven track record in delivering best-in-class infrastructure services across the capital. "Upgrading London's transport network is critical for a more prosperous, resilient, and decarbonised UK. We look forward to bringing our capabilities in engineering, design and construction to deliver high-impact projects on time and on budget, underpinning London's growth for future generations." Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7968 997 365 +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and