Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 02 October 2026 Costain Group PLC 2 October 2026 Costain selected for four-year Pagabo Civil Engineering and Infrastructure Framework Costain Group PLC ("Costain"), the UK infrastructure solutions specialist, today announces that it has been appointed on to Pagabo's Civil Engineering and Infrastructure Framework. The framework is part of Pagabo's largest infrastructure procurement offering to date, the National Framework for Civil Engineering, Infrastructure and Enabling Works 2026, which carries an estimated total value of £4.29bn and will run for a term of four years to 2030. The framework has been created to connect public sector bodies and private organisations with appointed contractors that will collaboratively deliver quality service and value for money outcomes. Costain is one of three suppliers selected for Lot 1 - Collaborative Partners for England and Wales. In this role, Costain will provide comprehensive end-to-end engineering and infrastructure services, supporting customers from the earliest stages of project development through to successful delivery. The appointment provides public sector organisations with access to Costain's strategic consultancy, engineering excellence and delivery expertise across all sectors covered by the framework, including rail, road, aviation, water, energy, defence and civil nuclear. Alex Vaughan, Chief Executive at Costain, commented: "This is another landmark moment for Costain as we begin our relationship with Pagabo and significantly increase the ways public sector organisations can access our expertise. "Working collaboratively with Pagabo, the public sector and our supply chain partners, we will deliver predictable, best-in-class engineering and infrastructure projects that will improve people's lives and create a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised future for all." Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7968 997 365 +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago Galliford Try 2 hours ago SSE 2 hours ago British Land Company 2 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and