Intention to Delist From the London Stock Exchange NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS ANNOUNCMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 4 October 2024 International Business Machines Corporation NOTICE OF INTENTION TO DELIST FROM THE LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE International Business Machines Corporation (the " Company ") refers to the Company's shares (ISIN: US4592001014) (the " Shares ") which are admitted to listing on the equity shares international commercial companies secondary listing segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (the " FCA ") and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange (the " LSE "). The Company hereby gives notice that, in an effort to streamline and simplify processes and increase administrative efficiencies, it has been requested that (i) the FCA cancel the listing of the Company's Shares on the equity shares international commercial companies secondary listing segment of the Official List of the FCA, and (ii) the LSE cancel the admission to trading of the Company's Shares on the main market for listed securities of the LSE (collectively, the " Delisting "). In accordance with UK Listing Rule 21.2.17R, the Company is required to give at least 20 business days' notice of the intended Delisting. Accordingly, it is intended that the Delisting will become effective from 8:00 a.m. 6 November 2024, such that the last date of trading of its Shares on the LSE will be 5 November 2024. As the Company is assigned to the equity shares international commercial companies secondary listing segment of the Official List, no shareholder approval is required for the Delisting. Following the Delisting, (i) it will no longer be possible to trade Shares on the LSE, and (ii) the Company will maintain the primary listing of its Shares of the New York Stock Exchange. Any shareholder that has any questions in relation to the Delisting is recommended to consult their investment adviser or broker. Media Contact: Tim Davidson +1 (914) 844-7847 tfdavids@us.ibm.com ENDS Inside information The information contained within this announcement is deemed by International Business Machines Corporation to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No.596/2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). On the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, such information is now considered to be in the public domain. For the purposes of MAR, this announcement is being made on behalf of International Business Machines Corporation by Jane P. Edwards, Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary. Important Notice This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute or form part of any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. Overseas jurisdictions The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION COM STK USD0.20 (CDI) (IBM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and