Investegate | Company Announcement Fundraise Welcome Articles About Contact Us Help Home Companies Advanced search Archive UK Short Positions Meetings UK Newswire New Login Register Doc re: Form DEFA14A Company INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION TIDM IBM Headline Notification of filing of document The Corporation's supplemental proxy materials for the 2023 Annual Meeting on Form DEFA14A dated April 10, 2023 was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The report is available at www.sec.gov . Companies INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION COM STK USD0.20 (CDI) (IBM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and Cookie Policy Terms Acceptable Use Policy Investors Advertise with Us Other Stockomendation sites Stockomendation UK Share Picking Game This website is for Private Investors* I am a Private Investor *A Private Investor is a recipient of the information who meets all of the conditions set out below, the recipient: Obtains access to the information in a personal capacity; Is not required to be regulated or supervised by a body concerned with the regulation or supervision of investment or financial services; Is not currently registered or qualified as a professional securities trader or investment adviser with any national or state exchange, regulatory authority, professional association or recognised professional body; Does not currently act in any capacity as an investment adviser, whether or not they have at some time been qualified to do so; Uses the information solely in relation to the management of their personal funds and not as a trader to the public or for the investment of corporate funds; Does not distribute, republish or otherwise provide any information or derived works to any third party in any manner or use or process information or derived works for any commercial purposes. Please note, this site uses cookies. Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work. To find out more about the cookies used on Investegate and how you can manage them, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy To continue using Investegate, please confirm that you are a private investor as well as agreeing to our Privacy and Cookie Policy & Terms . Create an Account × --> Create your FREE account to receive personalised announcements, watchlists, market updates, investment insights and new features. Sign Up Log In Personalise your experience × --> Tell us a little about yourself to receive personalised content, announcements and relevant investment opportunities. Complete Profile