Consolidated Income Statement. The Company Depends on Skilled Employees and Could Be Impacted by a Shortage of Critical Skills: Much of the future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability and integrity of skilled employees, including technical, marketing and staff resources. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where the company competes are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may result in a shortage of or insufficient knowledge and skills. In addition, as global opportunities and industry demand shifts, realignment, training and scaling of skilled resources may not be sufficiently rapid or successful. Further, many of IBM’s key employees receive a total compensation package that includes equity awards. Any new regulations, volatility in the 5 Table of Contents stock market and other factors could diminish the company’s use or the value of the company’s equity awards, putting the company at a competitive disadvantage. The Company’s Business Could Be Impacted by Its Relationships with Critical Suppliers: IBM’s business employs a wide variety of components (hardware and software), supplies, services and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Certain of the company’s businesses rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, including for server processor technology for certain semiconductors. Changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. Further, the failure of the company’s suppliers to deliver components, supplies, services and raw materials in sufficient quantities, in a timely or secure manner, and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the company’s business. In addition, any defective components, supplies or materials, or inadequate services received from suppliers could reduce the reliability of the company’s products and services and harm the company’s reputation. Product and Service Quality Issues Could Impact the Company’s Business and Operating Results: The company has rigorous quality control standards and governance processes intended to prevent, detect and correct errors, malfunctions and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company’s operations there could be negative consequences that could impact customers’ business operations and harm the company’s business’s operating results. The Development and Use of AI and Generative AI, including the Company’s Increased Offerings and Use of Technologies, Could Impact the Success of the Company and its Reputation or Give Rise to Legal or Regulatory Action: IBM is increasingly applying technologies, including generative AI, to its services and products, to how it delivers offerings to IBM clients, and to its own internal operations. Additionally, IBM is investing in and offering new products and services associated with AI development, deployment and management. As stated more comprehensively and in context of several risk factors throughout this Item 1A., this increasing mix and application of technologies may impact IBM’s ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins or harm IBM’s reputation if the company does not continue to be recognized as an AI leader with strong governance processes. IBM’s drive for greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of AI may not yield intended gains in speed, quality, productivity and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company’s competitiveness. The evolving global AI regulatory environment, including the enactment of the EU AI Act, may affect the company’s business and the company’s overall results of operations. Computer hackers and others routinely attack the security of technology products, services, systems and networks using a wide variety of methods, and the increased use of generative AI may introduce novel methods of attack. In the event of such actions, the company, its customers and other third parties could be exposed to liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action, including debarment, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to brand and reputation, damage to IBM’s competitive position, and other financial loss. The Company Could Be Impacted by Its Business with Government Clients: The company’s customers include numerous governmental entities within and outside the U.S., including the U.S. Federal Government and state and local entities. Some of the company’s agreements with these customers may be subject to periodic funding approval. Funding reductions, delays or work stoppages could adversely impact public sector demand for our products and services. Also, some agreements may contain provisions allowing the customer to terminate without cause and providing for higher liability limits for certain losses. In addition, the company could be suspended or debarred as a governmental contractor and could incur civil and criminal fines and penalties, which could negatively impact the company’s results of operations, financial results and reputation. The Company’s Reliance on Distribution Channels and Ecosystems Could Impact Its Business: The company offers its products directly and through a variety of distributors, resellers, independent software vendors, independent service providers, and other ecosystem partners. Changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these ecosystem partners could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring its products to market. As the company moves into new areas, ecosystem partners may be unable to keep up with changes in technology and offerings, and the company may be unable to recruit and enable appropriate partners to achieve anticipated ecosystem growth objectives. In addition, the failure of ecosystem partners to comply with all applicable laws and regulations may prevent the company from working with them and could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. 6 Table of Contents Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Cybersecurity, Privacy, and AI Considerations Could Impact the Company’s Business: There are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including risks originating from intentional acts of individual and groups of criminal hackers, hacktivists, organizations, nation states and competitors; from intentional and unintentional acts or omissions of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties; and from errors in processes or technologies, as well as the risks associated with an increase in the number of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties working remotely. Computer hackers and others routinely attack the security of technology products, services, systems and networks, like those we offer, using a wide variety of methods, including ransomware or other malicious software and attempts to exploit vulnerabilities in hardware, software, and infrastructure, and the increased use of generative AI may introduce novel methods of attack. Attacks also include social engineering and cyber extortion to induce customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties to disclose information, transfer funds, or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of our own products, services, systems and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. Cyber threats are increasing in number and sophistication, continually evolving, including with the increased use of AI, making it difficult to anticipate and defend against such threats and vulnerabilities that can persist undetected over extended periods of time. The company’s products, services, systems and networks, including systems and systems and technologies that the company maintains on behalf of its customers, are used in critical company, customer or operations, and involve the storage, processing and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers and others. These products, services, systems and networks are also used by customers in heavily regulated industries, including those in the financial services, healthcare, critical infrastructure and government sectors. As is common in our industry and for a company our size, we continue to face and prepare for cybersecurity threats. While the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to and remediate a wide range of cybersecurity events, there have not been cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that have had a material adverse effect on the company, though there is no assurance that there will not be cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that will have a material adverse effect in the future. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities. Cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents, including incidents such as MOVEit, have or could result in, for example, one or more of the following: unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other data or systems; theft or import or export of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property, including key innovations in AI, quantum, or other disruptive technologies; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware, crypto mining, destructive attacks or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions or denials of service. In the event of such actions, the company, its customers and other third parties could be exposed to liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action, including debarment, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to brand and reputation, damage to our competitive position, and other financial loss. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to cybersecurity incidents and implementing remediation measures could be significant. In the company’s industry, security vulnerabilities are increasingly discovered, publicized and exploited across a broad range of hardware, software or other infrastructure, including in our own products, services, systems and networks, or data and systems upon which we rely, elevating the risk of attacks and the potential cost of response and remediation for the company and its customers. In addition, the , evolving, pervasive, and sophisticated nature of certain cyber threats and vulnerabilities, as well as the scale and complexity of the business and infrastructure, make it possible that certain threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent or minimize the impact of an attack on the company or its customers. Cybersecurity risk to the company and its customers also depends on factors such as the actions, practices and investments of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, the open source community and other third parties, including, for example, providing and implementing patches to address vulnerabilities. Cybersecurity attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other operations or services, financial loss, injury or death to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. 7 Table of Contents Although the company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. As a global enterprise, the regulatory environment with regard to cybersecurity, privacy, AI and data protection issues is increasingly complex and will continue to impact the company’s business, including through increased risk, increased costs, and expanded or otherwise altered compliance obligations, including with respect to the increased regulatory activity around the security of critical infrastructure, IoT devices, customer industries (e.g., financial services) and various customer and government supply chain security programs. As the reliance on data grows for the company and our clients, the potential impact of regulations on the company’s business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, AI, data protection and privacy laws, regulations and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs, including due to an increased focus on international data transfer mechanisms and data location; increased cybersecurity requirements and reporting obligations; the lack of harmonization of such laws and regulations; the increase in associated litigation and enforcement activity by governments and private parties; the potential for damages, fines and penalties and debarment; and the potential regulation of new and emerging technologies. Any additional costs and penalties associated with increased compliance, enforcement, and risk reduction could make certain offerings less profitable or increase the difficulty of bringing certain offerings to market or maintaining certain offerings. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations The Company Could Incur Substantial Costs Related to Climate Change and Other Environmental Matters: IBM, like other companies, is subject to potential risks and costs such as those resulting from increased severe weather events, prolonged changes in temperature, new regulations affecting hardware products and data centers, carbon taxes, and increased environmental disclosures requested or required by clients, regulators and others. The company is also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection, including the U.S. Superfund law. The company could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as claims for property damage or personal injury, if it were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations. We do not expect climate change or compliance with environmental laws and regulations focused on climate change to have a disproportionate effect on the company or its financial position, results of operations and competitive position. Tax Matters Could Impact the Company’s Results of Operations and Financial Condition: The company is subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. IBM’s provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by numerous factors including, but not limited to, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof, which could adversely impact the company’s results of operations and financial condition in future periods. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has issued model rules for a new global minimum tax. Local country adoption of these rules may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely impact the company’s income taxes. Furthermore, local country, state, provincial or municipal taxation may also be subject to review and potential override by regional, federal, national or similar forms of government. In addition, IBM is subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities around the world. The company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have an adverse effect on the company’s provision for income taxes and cash tax liability. The Company Is Subject to Legal Proceedings and Investigatory Risks: As a company with a substantial employee population and with clients in more than 175 countries, IBM is or may become involved as a party and/or may be subject to a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters and other proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. The risks associated with such legal proceedings are described in more detail in note Q, “Commitments & Contingencies,” in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs. Legal and compliance risks, however, will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, may arise from time to time. 8 Table of Contents Risks Related to Financing and Capital Markets Activities The Company’s Results of Operations and Financial Condition Could Be Negatively Impacted by Its U.S. and .S. Pension Plans: Adverse financial market conditions and volatility in the credit markets may have an unfavorable impact on the value of the company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities. As a result, the company’s financial results in any period could be negatively impacted. In addition, in a period of an extended financial market downturn, the company could be required to provide incremental pension plan funding with resulting liquidity risk which could negatively impact the company’s financial flexibility. Further, the company’s results could be negatively impacted by premiums for mandatory pension insolvency insurance coverage outside the United States. Premium increases could be significant due to the level of insolvencies of unrelated companies in the country at issue. IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders includes information about potential impacts from pension funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding pension matters. The Company Is Exposed to Currency and Financing Risks That Could Impact Its Revenue and Business: The company derives a significant percentage of its revenues and costs from its affiliates operating in local currency environments, and those results are affected by changes in the relative values of .S. currencies and the U.S. dollar, as well as sudden shifts in regional or global economic activity. Further, inherent in the company’s financing business are risks related to the concentration of credit, client creditworthiness, interest rate and currency fluctuations on the associated debt and liabilities and the determination of residual values. The company employs a number of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments, which involve the risk of by the counterparty. In addition, there can be no assurance that the company’s efforts to manage its currency and financing risks will be successful. The Company’s Financial Performance Could Be Impacted by Changes in Market Liquidity Conditions and by Customer Credit Risk on Receivables: The company’s financial performance is exposed to a wide variety of industry sector dynamics worldwide, including sudden shifts in regional or global economic activity. The company’s earnings and cash flows, as well as its access to funding, could be negatively impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions. IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders includes information about the company’s liquidity position. The company’s client base includes many enterprises worldwide, from small and medium businesses to the world’s largest organizations and governments, with a significant portion of the company’s revenue coming from global clients across many sectors. Most of the company’s sales are on an open credit basis, and the company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its clients’ financial conditions. If the company becomes aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, the company may have to adjust its allowance for credit losses, which could affect the company’s consolidated net income in the period the adjustments are made. Risks Related to Ownership of IBM Securities Risk Factors Related to IBM Securities: The company and its subsidiaries issue debt securities in the worldwide capital markets from time to time, with a variety of different maturities and in different currencies. The value of the company’s debt securities fluctuates based on many factors, including the methods employed for calculating principal and interest, the maturity of the securities, the aggregate principal amount of securities outstanding, the redemption features for the securities, the level, direction and volatility of interest rates, changes in exchange rates, exchange controls, governmental and stock exchange regulations and other factors over which the company has little or no control. The company’s ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations, as well as the other risks described under this Item 1A. entitled “Risk Factors.” There can be no assurance that the company will be able to manage any of these risks successfully. The company also issues its common stock from time to time in connection with various compensation plans, contributions to its pension plan and certain acquisitions. The market price of IBM common stock is subject to significant volatility, due to other factors described under this Item 1A. entitled “Risk Factors,” as well as economic and geopolitical conditions generally, trading volumes, speculation by the press or investment community about the company’s financial condition, and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control. Since the market price of IBM’s common stock fluctuates significantly, stockholders may not be able to sell the company’s stock at attractive prices. In addition, changes by any rating agency to the company’s outlook or credit ratings can negatively impact the value and liquidity of both the company’s debt and equity securities. The company does not make a market in either its debt or equity securities and cannot provide any assurances with respect to the liquidity or value of such securities. 9 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments: Not applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity: Risk Management and Strategy Cybersecurity is a critical part of risk management at IBM and is integrated with the company’s overall enterprise risk management framework. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board are responsible for overseeing management’s execution of cybersecurity risk management and for assessing IBM’s approach to risk management. Senior management is responsible for assessing and managing IBM’s exposure to cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis. From an enterprise perspective, we implement a risk management approach based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. We have established policies and procedures that provide the foundation upon which IBM’s infrastructure and data are managed. We regularly assess and adjust our technical controls and methods to identify and mitigate emerging cybersecurity risks. We use a layered approach with overlapping controls to defend against cybersecurity attacks and threats on IBM networks, devices, servers, applications, data, and cloud solutions. We draw heavily on our own commercial security solutions and services to manage and mitigate cybersecurity risks. IBM maintains a Security Operations Center (“SOC”) that monitors for threats to IBM’s networks and systems, utilizing threat intelligence provided by a range of sources, including the IBM Security X-Force Exchange platform, which maintains one of the largest compilations of threat intelligence in the world. We also rely on tools licensed from third party security vendors to monitor and manage cybersecurity risks. We periodically engage third parties to supplement and review our cybersecurity practices and provide relevant certifications. We have a global incident response process, managed by IBM’s Computer Security Incident Response Team (“CSIRT”), that relies primarily on internal expertise to respond to cybersecurity threats and attacks. We utilize a combination of online training, educational tools, videos and other awareness initiatives to foster a culture of security awareness and responsibility among our workforce, including responsibility for reporting suspicious activity. IBM has a third party supplier risk management program to oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with its use of third party service providers and vendors. Risks are assessed and prioritized based, among other things, on the type of offering/engagement, supplier assessments, threat intelligence, and industry practices. As discussed in greater detail in Item 1A., "Risk Factors," the company faces numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including risks originating from the increased use of AI, intentional acts of individual and groups of criminal hackers, hacktivists, organizations, nation states and competitors; from intentional and unintentional acts or omissions of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties; and from errors in processes or technologies, as well as the risks associated with the number of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties working remotely. While the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to and remediate cybersecurity risks, including incidents and vulnerabilities, there have not been any that have had a material adverse effect on the company, though there is no assurance that there will not be cybersecurity risks that will have a material adverse effect in the future. Governance IBM’s Enterprise & Technology Security (“E&TS”) organization has oversight responsibility for the security of both IBM’s internal systems and external offerings and works across all of the organizations within the company to protect IBM, its brand, and its clients against cybersecurity risks. E&TS also addresses cybersecurity risks associated with third party suppliers. For these purposes, E&TS includes a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) whose team is responsible for leading information security strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes for IBM’s internal systems. The CISO manages the CSIRT. The CISO also manages the Product Security Incident Response Team (“PSIRT”), which focuses on product vulnerabilities potentially affecting the security of offerings sold to customers. IBM also has Business Information Security Officers (“BISO”) who are coordinated by the Office of the CISO on security issues specific to particular business segments. 10 Table of Contents The CSIRT team, together with the Office of the Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), Cyber Legal, Corporate Security, and BISOs, engages in reviews of incidents, threat intelligence, detections, and vulnerabilities, including to assess client and regulatory impact. Events of interest are promptly reported to the Senior Vice President (“SVP”) and Chief Legal Officer ("CLO"), and the SVP overseeing cybersecurity (“SVP Sponsor”). Incidents are delegated to an appropriate incident response team for assessment, investigation, and remediation. Depending on the nature of the matter, the incident response team may include individuals from E&TS, the Office of the CISO, the Office of the CIO, Cyber Legal, Business Units, the Office of Privacy and Responsible Technology, Human Resources, Procurement, Finance and Operations, and Corporate Security. The incident response teams advise and consult with the CLO and the SVP Sponsor, as appropriate. The Cybersecurity Advisory Committee (“CAC”) meets regularly and is responsible for overseeing management of the Company’s cybersecurity risk. The CAC is composed of, among others, SVPs from the major business units, the SVP Sponsor, and the CLO. The CAC is responsible for, among other things, setting the Company’s governance structure for managing cybersecurity risk and reviewing noteworthy cybersecurity incidents and strategies to prevent recurrence. IBM management responsible for managing cybersecurity risk reflects a of functions from across the organization with significant experience in managing such risk as well as the technologies underlying these risks. They also hold leadership positions outside of IBM in the field of cybersecurity, serving on governing and advisory boards of public and private institutions at the forefront of issues related to cybersecurity, including technology development, cybersecurity policy, and national security. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee oversee the cyber governance process. Leadership from E&TS, including the CISO, make regular presentations to the Audit Committee and the full Board on identification, management, and remediation of cybersecurity risks, both internal and external, as well as threat intelligence, emerging global policies and regulations, cybersecurity technologies, and best practices. In addition, senior management provides briefings as needed to the Audit Committee Chair, the Audit Committee, and, as appropriate, the full Board, on cybersecurity issues and incidents of potential interest. Item 2. Properties: IBM ’s corporate headquarters are located at an owned site in Armonk, New York. As of December 31, 2024, in aggregate, we owned or leased facilities for current use consisting of approximat ely 41 million square feet worldwide. At December 31, 2024, IBM’s facilities in the U.S. had aggregate floor space of approximately 17 million square feet, of which approximately 9 million was owned and 8 million was leased. Outside the U.S., facilities totaled approximately 24 million square feet, of which 3 million was owned and 21 million was leased. This space is primarily used for sales and distribution, manufacturing and development, data processing services including the company’s cloud centers, research and other administrative and general support purposes. Our facilities are utilized for current operations of all business segments. Continuous optimization, maintenance and upgrading of facilities are essential to maintain our technological leadership, improve productivity and meet customer demand. We believe that in all material respects our properties have been satisfactorily maintained, are in good condition and are suitable for our operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings: Refer to note Q, “Commitments & Contingencies,” on pages 95 to 97 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures: Not applicable. 11 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: Refer to page 123 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference solely as it relates to this item. IBM common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the NYSE Chicago under the symbol “IBM.” There were 348,544 common stockholders of record at February 10, 2025. The following table provides information relating to the company’s repurchase of common stock for the fourth quarter of 2024. Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) October 1, 2024—October 31, 2024 — $ — — $ 2,007,611,768 November 1, 2024—November 30, 2024 — $ — — $ 2,007,611,768 December 1, 2024—December 31, 2024 — $ — — $ 2,007,611,768 Total — $ — — (1) On October 30, 2018, the Board of Directors authorized $4.0 billion in funds for use in the company’s common stock repurchase program. The company stated that it would repurchase shares on the open market or in private transactions depending on market conditions. The common stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date. This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. The company suspended its share repurchase program at the time of the Red Hat closing in 2019. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Refer to pages 6 through 42 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk: Refer to the section titled “Market Risk” on page 40 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Refer to pages 46 through 121 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference. Also refer to the Financial Statement Schedule on page S-1 of this Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure: Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures: The company’s management evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this 12 Table of Contents report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Refer to “Report of Management” and “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” on pages 43 through 45 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference. There has been no change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information: None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections: Not applicable. 13 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance: Refer to the information under the captions “Election of Directors for a Term of One Year,” “Governance and the Board—Committees of the Board,” “Governance and the Board—Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports: None,” “Governance and the Board—Corporate Governance” and “Frequently Asked Questions—How do I submit an item of business for the 2026 Annual Meeting?” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. Also refer to Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the caption “Information About Our Executive Officers (at February 25, 2025)” on page 3 for additional information on the company’s executive officers. Item 11. Executive Compensation: Refer to the information under the captions “2024 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative,” “2024 Summary Compensation Table,” “2024 Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “2024 Grants of Awards Table,” “2024 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Table,” “2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table,” “2024 Retention Plan Table,” “2024 Pension Benefits Narrative,” “2024 Pension Benefits Table,” “2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative,” “2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table,” “2024 Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative,” “2024 Potential Payments Upon Termination Table,” “2024 Director Compensation Table,” “Director Compensation under the IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan (DCEAP),” “Governance and the Board—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation: None,” “Compensation Program as It Relates to Risk,” “2024 Executive Compensation—Report of the Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee of the Board of Directors,” “Pay Ratio, ” "Pay Versus Performance," and "Equity Award Grant Practices" in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters: Refer to the information under the captions “Ownership of Securities—Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Ownership of Securities—Common Stock and Holdings of Directors and Executive Officers” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. 14 Table of Contents EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (a) exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders Options 9,268,766 $ 144.65 — RSUs 20,308,848 N/A — PSUs (2) 5,047,739 N/A — Subtotal 34,625,353 $ 144.65 27,351,972 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Options 736,630 $ 146.86 — RSUs 754,697 N/A — PSUs (2) 578,779 N/A — DCEAP shares 211,144 N/A — Subtotal 2,281,250 $ 146.86 12,946,498 Total 36,906,603 $ 144.81 40,298,470 N/A is not applicable RSUs = Restricted Stock Units, including Retention Restricted Stock Units PSUs = Performance Share Units DCEAP Shares = Promised Fee Shares under the DCEAP (refer to plan description below) (1) In connection with 15 acquisition transactions, 205,078 additional share based awards, consisting of stock options, were outstanding at December 31, 2024 as a result of the Company’s assumption of awards granted by the acquired entities. The exercise price of these awards was $23.47. The Company has not made, and will not make, any further grants or awards of equity securities under the plans of these acquired companies. (2) The numbers included for PSUs in column (a) above reflect the maximum number payout. Assuming target number payout, the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of PSUs for equity compensation plans approved by security holders is 2,969,258 and for equity compensation plans not approved by security holders is 332,292. For additional information about PSUs, including payout calculations, refer to the information under “ 2024 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative ” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025. The material features of each equity compensation plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance that was adopted without stockholder approval are described below: 2001 Performance Plan (the “2001 Plan”) The 2001 Plan has been used to fund awards for employees other than senior executives of the Company. Awards for senior executives of the Company have been and will continue to be funded from the stockholder-approved 1999 Performance Plan (the “1999 Plan”); the 1999 Plan is also used to fund awards for employees other than senior executives, otherwise, the provisions of the 2001 Plan are identical to the 1999 Plan, including the type of awards that may be granted under the plan (stock options, restricted stock and unit awards and performance incentive awards). The 2001 Plan is administered by the Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Committee”), and that Committee may delegate to officers of the company certain of its duties, powers and authority. Payment of awards may be made in the form of cash, stock or combinations thereof and may be deferred with Committee approval. Awards are not transferable or assignable except (i) by law, will or the laws of descent and distribution, (ii) as a result of the disability of the recipient, or (iii) with the approval of the Committee. If the employment of a participant terminates, other than as a result of the death or disability of a participant, all unexercised, deferred and unpaid awards shall be canceled immediately, unless the award agreement provides otherwise. In 15 Table of Contents the event of the death of a participant or in the event a participant is deemed by the company to be disabled and eligible for benefits under the terms of the IBM Disability Plan (or any successor plan or similar plan of another employer), the participant’s estate, beneficiaries or representative, as the case may be, shall have the rights and duties of the participant under the applicable award agreement. In addition, unless the award agreement specifies otherwise, the Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict any unexpired, unpaid, or deferred award at any time if the participant is not in compliance with all applicable provisions of the awards agreement and the 2001 Plan. In addition, awards may be cancelled if the participant engages in any conduct or act determined to be injurious, detrimental or prejudicial to any interest of the company. PWCC Acquisition Performance Plan (the “PWCC Plan”) The PWCC Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in connection with the company’s acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting (“PwCC”) from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as announced on October 1, 2002. The PWCC Plan has been and will continue to be used solely to fund awards for employees of PwCC who have become employed by the company as a result of the acquisition. Awards for senior executives of the company will not be funded from the PWCC Plan. The terms and conditions of the PWCC Plan are substantively identical to the terms and conditions of the 2001 Plan, described above. IBM Red Hat Acquisition Performance Plan (the “Red Hat Plan”) The Red Hat Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in connection with the company’s acquisition of Red Hat, Inc. on July 9, 2019. The Red Hat Plan was used solely to fund awards for employees who were not employed by IBM immediately prior to the closing of the acquisition. Awards for senior executives of the company will not be funded from the Red Hat Plan. The terms and conditions of the Red Hat Plan are substantively identical to the terms and conditions of the 2001 Plan, described above. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan (the “DCEAP”) The DCEAP was adopted in 1993 and amended and restated effective January 1, 2014. Under the Amended and Restated DCEAP, directors receive Promised Fee Shares in connection with deferred annual retainer payments. Each Promised Fee Share is equal in value to one share of the company’s common stock. Upon a director’s retirement or other completion of service as a director, amounts deferred into Promised Fee Shares are payable in either cash and/or shares of the company’s stock either as lump sum or installments pursuant to the director’s distribution election. For additional information about the DCEAP, refer to “Director Compensation under the IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan (DCEAP)” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence: Refer to the information under the captions “IBM Board of Directors,” “Governance and the Board—Committees of the Board,” “Governance and the Board—Certain Transactions and Relationships” and “Governance and the Board—Corporate Governance—Independent Board” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services: Refer to the information under the captions “Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Audit and Fees” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. 16 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules: (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Financial statements from IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ‒ PCAOB Firm ID 238 (pages 44 through 45). Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (page 46). Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (page 47). Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2024 and 2023 (page 48). Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (page 49). Consolidated Statement of Equity at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (pages 50 through 51). Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 52 through 121). 2. Financial statement schedule required to be filed by Item 8 of this Form: Page Schedule Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedule. S-1 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. All other schedules are omitted as the required matter is not present, the amounts are not significant or the information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 3. Exhibits: Reference Number per Item 601 of Regulation S-K Description of Exhibits Exhibit Number in this Form 10-K (3) Certificate of Incorporation and The Certificate of Incorporation of IBM, is Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K, filed February 22, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The of IBM, as amended through April 30, 2024 , is Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q , filed A p ril 30, 2024 , and is hereby incorporated by reference. (4) Instruments defining the rights of security holders The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 7.00% Debentures due 2025 and the 7.00% Debentures due 2045 are Exhibits 2 and 3, respectively, to Form 8-K, filed on October 30, 1995, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 7.125% Debentures due 2096 is Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K/A, filed on December 6, 1996, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 6.22% Debentures due 2027 is Exhibit 3 to Form 8-K, filed on August 1, 1997, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 6.50% Debentures due 2028 is Exhibit 2 to Form 8-K, filed on January 8, 1998, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 5.875% Debentures due 2032 is Exhibit 3 to Form 8 K, filed on November 26, 2002, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 17 Table of Contents The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 2.875% Notes due 2025 is Exhibit 3 to Form 8-K, filed November 6, 2013, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 3.450% Notes due 2026 and the 4.700% Notes due 2046 are Exhibits 4.4 and 4.5 to Form 8-K, filed February 18, 2016, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 1.750% Notes due 2028 is Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K, filed March 4, 2016, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The instrument defining the rights of the holders of the 0.300% Notes due 2026 is Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2016, and is hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 3.300% Notes due 2027 is Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K, filed January 26, 2017, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 0.950% Notes due 2025, and the 1.500% Notes due 2029 are Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to Form 8-K, filed May 22, 2017, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 1.250% Notes due 2027 and the 1.750% Notes due 2031 are Exhibits 4.3 and 4.4 to Form 8-K, filed January 30, 2019, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 3.300% Notes due 2026, the 3.500% Notes due 2029, the 4.150% Notes due 2039 and the 4.250% Notes due 2049 are Exhibits 4.5, 4.6, 4.7 and 4.8 to Form 8-K, filed May 14, 2019, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 0.300% Notes due 2028, the 0.650% Notes due 2032 and the 1.200% Notes due 2040 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 to Form 8-K, filed February 10, 2020, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 1.700% Notes due 2027, the 1.950% Notes due 2030, the 2.850% Notes due 2040 and the 2.950% Notes due 2050 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 to Form 8-K, filed May 6, 2020, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 0.875% Notes due 2030, the 1.250% Notes due 2034, the 2.200% Notes due 2027, the 2.720% Notes due 2032 and the 3.430% Notes due 2052 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 4.5 to Form 8-K, filed February 8, 2022, and are hereby incorporated by reference . The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 4.000% Notes due 2025, the 4.150% Notes due 2027, the 4.400% Notes due 2032 and the 4.900% Notes due 2052 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 to Form 8-K, filed July 26, 2022, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 3.375% Notes due 2027, the 3.625% Notes due 2031, the 3.750% Notes due 2035, the 4.000% Notes due 2043, the 4.875% Notes due 2038, the 4.500% Notes due 2026, the 4.500% Notes due 2028, the 4.750% Notes due 2033 and the 5.100% Notes due 2053 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 4.7, 4.8 and 4.9 to Form 8-K, filed February 3, 2023, and are hereby incorporated by reference. The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 4.700% Notes due 2026, the 4.600% Notes due 2027, the 4.600% Notes due 2029, the 4.750% Notes due 2031, the 4.900% Notes due 2034, the 5.250% Notes due 2044 and the 5.300% Notes due 2054 are Exhibits 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 4.7 and 4.8 to Form 8-K, filed February 2, 2024, and are hereby incorporated by reference. 18 Table of Contents The instruments defining the rights of the holders of the 2.900% Notes due 2030, the 3.150% Notes due 2033, the 3.450% Notes due 2037, the 3.800% Notes due 2045, the 4.650% Notes due 2028, the 4.800% Notes due 2030, the 5.000% Notes due 2032, the 5.200% Notes due 2035 and the 5.700% Notes due 20 5 5 are Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 4.7, 4.8, and 4.9 to Form 8-K, filed February 7, 2025, and are hereby incorporated by reference. Indenture dated as of October 1, 1993 between IBM and The Bank of New York Mellon, (as successor to The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)) as Trustee, is Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, and is hereby incorporated by reference. First Supplemental Indenture to Indenture dated as of October 1, 1993 between IBM and The Bank of New York Mellon, (as successor to The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)) as Trustee, dated as of December 15, 1995, is Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, and is hereby incorporated by reference. Indenture dated as of February 2, 2024, between IBM International Capital Pte. Ltd., International Business Machines Corporation, as guarantor, and The Band of New York Mellon, as trustee, is Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed February 2, 2024, and is hereby incorporated by reference. Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 4.1 (10) Material contracts The IBM 2001 Performance Plan, a compensatory plan, contained in Registration Statement No. 333-87708 on Form S-8, as such amended plan was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) The IBM PWCC Acquisition Performance Plan, a compensatory plan, contained in Registration Statement No. 333-102872 on Form S-8, as such amended plan was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) The IBM Red Hat Acquisition Performance Plan, a compensatory plan, contained in Registration Statement No. 333-232585 of Form S-8, as such amended plan was filed as Exhibit 4.8 to Form S-8 POS, filed on December 18, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) The IBM 1999 Performance Plan, a compensatory plan, contained in Registration Statement No. 333-30424 on Form S-8, as such amended plan was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) The VMTurbo, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Plan, a compensatory plan, contained in Registration Statement No. 333-259965 on Form S-8, as such amended and restated plan was filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-8, filed on October 1, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Terms and Conditions of LTPP equity award agreements was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, and is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of equity award agreements for stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units and SARS, as well as the Terms and Conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective July 15, 2019, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARS, and (ii) performance share units, as well as the Terms and Conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective October 1, 2019, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) 19 Table of Contents Form of LTPP equity award agreement for performance share units and the terms and conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective December 17, 2019, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of LTPP equity award agreement for performance share units and the terms and conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective March 2, 2020, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Terms and Conditions of IBM LTPP Equity Awards, effective June 1, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Terms and Conditions of IBM LTPP Equity Awards, effective June 1, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of LTPP equity award agreement for performance share unites, effective, January 1, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 1, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARS, (ii) performance share units and (iii) retention restricted stock unit awards, effective June 1, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARS, and (ii) performance share units, as well as the Terms and Conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective January 1, 2022, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARS, and (ii) performance share units, as well as the Terms and Conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective February 1, 2023, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARS, (ii) retention restricted stock units, retention restricted stock units, and (iii) performance share units, as well as the Terms and Conditions of LTPP Equity Awards, effective July 1, 2023, in connection with the foregoing award agreements, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Forms of LTPP equity award agreements for (i) stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock units, SARs, (ii) performance share units, and (iii) retention restricted stock unit awards, retention restricted stock units, effective February 19, 2024, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Terms and Conditions of IBM LTPP Equity Awards, effective April 1, 2024, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Annual Incentive Program, effective January 1, 2023, as amended through January 1, 2024, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Board of Directors compensatory plans, as described under the caption “Governance of the Board—Director Compensation” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) 20 Table of Contents The IBM Board of Directors Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan, a compensatory plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan, effective January 30, 2018, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan, effective December 13, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, are hereby incorporated by reference. (1) The IBM Supplemental Executive Retention Plan, a compensatory plan, as amended and restated through December 31, 2008, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Amendment No. 1 to the IBM Supplemental Executive Retention Plan, a compensatory plan, effective December 9, 2014, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Amendment No. 2 to the IBM Supplemental Executive Retention Plan, a compensatory plan, effective December 31, 2023 , which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended De cember 31, 202 3, and is hereby incorporated by reference . (1) The IBM Excess Savings Plan, a compensatory plan (formerly the IBM Excess 401(k) Plus Plan), as amended and restated through January 1, 2024 , filed as Exhibit 10.2 t o Form 10-K for the year ended D e cember 31, 202 3 , is hereby incorporated by reference (1) The IBM 2014 Employees Stock Purchase Plan contained in Registration Statement 333-190160 on Form S-8, as such plan was filed as Exhibit 4 to Form S-8, filed on June 13, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, is hereby incorporate d by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Form of Noncompetition Agreement . (1) 10.1 21 Table of Contents Form of Noncompetition Agreement . (1) 10.2 Letter Agreement, signed by Gary Cohn and IBM, dated December 24, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) Letter Agreement, signed by Gary Cohn, dated December 24, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. (1) $2,500,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021, among International Business Machines Corporation, the Subsidiary Borrowers parties thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties to such agreement, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BNP Paribas, Citibank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as Syndication Agents, and the Documentation Agents named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed June 25, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2022, among International Business Machines Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties to such agreement and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed July 1, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. Confirmation of Termination Date Extension dated June 17, 2024 to $2,500,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022), among IBM, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BNP Paribas, Citibank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as Syndication Agents, and the Documentation Agents named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed June 17, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference $7,500,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021, among International Business Machines Corporation, the Subsidiary Borrowers parties thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties to such agreement, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as Syndication Agents, and the Documentation Agents named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed June 25, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2022, among International Business Machines Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties to such agreement and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed July 1, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. Confirmation of Termination Date Extension dated June 17, 2024 to $7,500,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022), among IBM, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BNP Paribas, Citibank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as Syndication Agents, and the Documentation Agents named therein , filed as Exhibit 10. 2 to Form 8-K, filed June 17, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference (13) Annual Report to Security Holders (2) 13 (19) Securities Trading Policy 19 (21) Subsidiaries of the registrant 21 (22) Subsidiary Issuer of Guaranteed Securities, filed as Exhibit 22 for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. (23) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 23.1 (24) Powers of attorney 24.1 Resolution of the IBM Board of Directors authorizing execution of this Annual Report on Form 10-K by Powers of Attorney 24.2 22 Table of Contents (31) Certification by CEO pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) or 15D-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002. 31.1 Certification by CFO pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) or 15D-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002. 31.2 (32) Certification by CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification by CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002. 32.2 (97) International Business Machines Corporation Executive Officer Compensation Recovery Policy , filed as Exhibit 9 7 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 3 , is hereby incorporate d by reference. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear on the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 (1) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (2) The Performance Graphs, set forth on page 122 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, are deemed to be furnished but not filed. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary: None. 23 Table of Contents 1 of 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION (Registrant) By: /s/ NICOLÁS A. FEHRING Nicolás A. Fehring Vice President and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) Date: February 25, 2025 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ ARVIND KRISHNA Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2025 Arvind Krishna /s/ JAMES J. KAVANAUGH Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations, and Chief Financial Officer February 25, 2025 James J. Kavanaugh /s/ NICOLÁS A. FEHRING Vice President and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) February 25, 2025 Nicolás A. Fehring Table of Contents 2 of 2 Board of Directors By: /s/ JANE P. EDWARDS Jane P. Edwards Marianne C. Brown Director February 25, 2025 Thomas Buberl Director David N. Farr Director Alex Gorsky Director Michelle J. Howard Director Andrew N. Liveris Director F. William McNabb III Director Michael Miebach Director Martha E. Pollack Director Peter R. Voser Director Frederick H. Waddell Director Alfred W. Zollar Director Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of International Business Machines Corporation: Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report dated February 25, 2025 appearing in the 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders of International Business Machines Corporation (which report and consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 25, 2025 Table of Contents SCHEDULE II INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES For the Years Ended December 31: (Dollars in Millions) Description Balance at Beginning of Period Additions/ (Deductions) Foreign Currency and Other Balance at End of Period Allowance For Credit Losses (1) (2) 2024 –Current $ 431 $ ( 11 ) $ ( 146 ) $ ( 20 ) $ 254 –Noncurrent $ 27 $ ( 7 ) $ 0 $ ( 1 ) $ 19 2023 –Current $ 467 $ 13 $ ( 97 ) $ 48 $ 431 –Noncurrent $ 28 $ ( 2 ) $ — $ 0 $ 27 2022 –Current $ 418 $ 59 $ ( 55 ) $ 45 $ 467 –Noncurrent $ 25 $ 6 $ 0 $ ( 2 ) $ 28 Allowance For Inventory Losses 2024 $ 658 $ 122 $ ( 199 ) $ ( 4 ) $ 577 2023 $ 631 $ 201 $ ( 183 ) $ 9 $ 658 2022 $ 633 $ 162 $ ( 148 ) $ ( 15 ) $ 631 Revenue Based Provisions 2024 $ 480 $ 348 $ ( 480 ) $ ( 51 ) $ 298 2023 $ 424 $ 500 $ ( 456 ) $ 12 $ 480 2022 $ 435 $ 620 $ ( 629 ) $ ( 2 ) $ 424 (1) The majority of the during the period related to receivables which had been previously reserved. (2) Other includes reserves related to discontinued operations. Additions/(Deductions) to the allowances represent changes in estimates of unrecoverable amounts in receivables and inventory and are recorded to expense and cost accounts, respectively. Amounts are when they are deemed unrecoverable by the company. Additions/(Deductions) to Revenue Based Provisions represent changes in estimated reductions to revenue, primarily as a result of programs, including customer and business partner rebates. for Revenue Based Provisions represent reductions in the provision due to amounts remitted to customers and business partners. S-1