BETA Close X Amazing AI PLC announced an amendment to its Loan Agreement with its CEO, Paul Mathieson, allowing drawdowns to provide consumer loans up to US$5,000 each at a 59.9% annual interest rate in Georgia, USA, without needing additional written agreements. The company also intends to explore a further amendment to use the loan facility for its Crypto Treasury Policy. Furthermore, Amazing AI plans to start purchasing crypto assets, beginning with Bitcoin, in October 2025. Due to changing market conditions, the company has cancelled the WRAP Retail Offer previously announced on September 29, 2025, but reserves the right to run a retail offer in the future. The amendment to the Loan Agreement constitutes a related party transaction, which independent directors have confirmed is fair and reasonable to shareholders. Disclaimer* Amazing AI PLC 02 October 2025 2 October 2025 Amazing AI Plc ("Amazing AI" or the "Company") Loan Facility Amendment, Related Party Transaction & Cancellation of WRAP Retail Offer Amazing AI plc (AQSE: AAI) - 2 October 2025: AAI, a global fintech group specialising in online consumer loans and AI finance-related services , announces that it has amended the terms of the Loan Agreement with Paul Mathieson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, previously announced on 17 June 2025 (" Loan Agreement "). The Company also announces that, further to the announcement of 29 September 2025, it has decided to cancel the WRAP Retail Offer. Loan Facility Amendment The amendment to the Loan Agreement now enables the Company to draw down from the facility in order to provide consumer loans up to a value of US$5,000 each, at an interest rate of 59.9% per annum, to consumers in Georgia, USA, and without additional written agreement between the Company and the loan provider, Paul Mathieson. Additionally, the Company intends to explore the possibility of making a further amendment to the Loan Agreement, in order to allow the Company to draw down funds from the loan facility to pursue its Crypto Treasury Policy, also without additional written agreement between the Company and the loan provider, Paul Mathieson. The Company will seek the appropriate legal advice and consultation with the AQSE Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Aquis Framework for Issuers Pursuing Cryptocurrency Strategies. There are no other changes to the Loan Agreement terms as at the date of this announcement. Further to the above, AAI plans to start purchasing crypto assets, in accordance with its Crypto Treasury Policy, in October 2025, starting with Bitcoin exposure. Cancellation of WRAP Retail Offer In addition, the Company announces that, due to changes in market conditions, it has decided to cancel the WRAP Retail Offer announced on 29 September 2025. The Company reserves the right to run a retail offer in the future. Related Party Transaction Paul Mathieson is a "Related Party" as defined under the AQSE Growth Market Access Rulebook as a result of being a director of the Company. The amendment to the Loan Agreement therefore constitutes a related party transaction for the purposes of Rule 4.6 of the AQSE Growth Market Access Rulebook (the " Transaction "). The Directors of AAI independent of the Transaction confirm that, having exercised reasonable care, skill and diligence, the related party transaction is fair and reasonable insofar as the shareholders of AAI are concerned. Terms used but not defined in this announcement have the same meaning ascribed to them as the definitions set out in the Company's announcement released on 29 September 2025. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Amazing AI plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer aai@amazingaiplc.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Further information on the Company can be found at https://www.aquis.eu/companies/aai and https://www.amazingaiplc.com Important Notices Amazing AI plc (the " Company ") intends to hold treasury reserves and surplus cash in cryptocurrency or crypto assets. Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency or crypto asset. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company considers holding crypto assets to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the financial regulator in the UK (the "Financial Conduct Authority" or "FCA") considers investment in crypto assets to be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an investment in crypto assets, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company consider crypto assets to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company's reserves and, accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to crypto assets. Such an approach is innovative, and the Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual investors in the Company on the Company's position in this regard. The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA and cryptocurrencies (such as bitcoin) are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of crypto assets can go down as well as up, and therefore the value of crypto asset holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be able to realise any future crypto asset exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the Company ascribes to crypto asset positions due to these market movements. As crypto assets are unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK's Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in crypto assets, and in doing so is mindful of the special risks crypto assets presents to the Company's financial position. These risks include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of crypto assets can be highly volatile, with value dropping as quickly as it can rise. Investors in crypto assets must be prepared to lose all money invested in crypto assets; (ii) the crypto assets market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell crypto assets at will. The ability to sell crypto assets depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) crypto assets are characterised in some quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to theft of holdings or ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view, especially in relation to crypto assets. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do their own research before investing. Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and