Strategy Update Investment Evolution Credit PLC 02 April 2025 2 April 2025 Investment Evolution Credit plc (" IEC ", the " Company " or the " Group ") Strategy Update Investment Evolution Credit plc (AQSE: IEC) - 2 April 2025: IEC, a global fintech group specialising in online consumer loans, provides the following strategy update and announces the signing of an introducer agreement between the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Investment Evolution AI Ltd, and a large UK consumer finance supplier (the " Agreement "). Investment Evolution AI Ltd The Company announces that it has changed the name of its 100% owned subsidiary, MRAL UK Ltd, to Investment Evolution AI Ltd (" Investment Evolution AI "). The Company plans to leverage its existing US consumer lending and collections operations, experience and network with a new growth strategy focused on the global distribution of Artificial Intelligence (AI) finance related services specifically focused on lending, collections and debt financing services. The Company intends to investigate further utilisation of AI in its own US consumer lending operational processes and seek additional strategic collaborations, joint ventures and acquisitions in the AI sector globally, including in AI deception detection services to increase underwriting and collections performance. IEC also plans to investigate the potential to conduct its own enhanced product/service development, territory customisation and new service initiatives in conjunction with its current supplier and future potential suppliers/partners. Introducer Agreement Further to the above, Investment Evolution AI has entered into a confidential introducer agreement with a large UK consumer finance group (the " Supplier ") (the " Agreement "). T he Supplier is a provider of credit underwriting and risk management software, consultancy and other services, including debt financing that enable third parties to offer lending and collection services solutions to their clients. Investment Evolution AI has secured the non-exclusive rights to introduce the Supplier's services in the territories of the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines and all states in Africa. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Supplier will pay Investment Evolution AI a commission for any business introduced to the Suppler that enters into a contract for services agreement, within a set time frame. MRAL US Lending Operations and UK FCA Application Further to the announcement on 17 December 2024, the Board of IEC has decided that the Company will not focus on US loan book acquisitions, or expanding the number of current US state consumer lending licenses it holds, but may revisit these opportunities at a later stage. IEC remains in discussions with multiple parties for potential debt funding, in addition to utilising its own capital, to expand its US lending operations and the Company will seek continued organic growth of its existing US consumer lending business. Additionally, IEC is no longer continuing with the UK FCA lending application process and has terminated all discussions related to UK consumer lending business acquisitions, UK loan book acquisitions and UK debt funding. About IEC IEC is an AI driven, consumer finance fintech innovator that leverages its regulated licensed lending and collections operations, experience and network to distribute best-of-breed AI finance related services globally, specifically focused on lending, collections and debt financing services. IEC operates under the consumer brand Mr. Amazing Loans in the United States with state consumer lending licenses/certificates of authority in the six states of California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Nevada and New Jersey and an established track-record of lending, collections and regulatory compliance for over 14 years. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Investment Evolution Credit plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer iecenquiries@investmentevolution.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (IEC AQSE Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (IEC Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering Jessica Cave +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Professional and institutional investors can contact Oberon Capital on corporatesales@oberoninvestments.com For more information please visit: www.investmentevolution.com/investors Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and