Strategy & Bitcoin Treasury Policy Update Amazing AI PLC 12 August 2025 12 August 2025 Amazing AI plc (" AAI ", the " Company " or the " Group ") Strategy and Commercial Update and Bitcoin Treasury Policy Update Amazing AI plc (AQSE: AAI) - 12 August 2025: AAI, a global fintech group specialising in online consumer loans and AI finance-related services, announces the following Strategy and Commercial Update and a Bitcoin Treasury Policy Update . Strategy and Commercial Update On 7 August 2025, the Company incorporated Amazing AI Services Ltd (" AAI Mauritius "), a wholly owned subsidiary based and registered in Mauritius, which will be utilised to offer AI finance-related services in selected international regions. Pursuant to its current strategy, the Company is focused on providing AI finance-related services in the UK where the Company is currently based. Additionally, AAI will target the provision of AI finance-related services into high-growth emerging markets such as Sub-Saharan Africa (including Nigeria), Southeast Asia (including the Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam), and India. These target regions will be supported by the newly incorporated subsidiary, as the Company believes that Mauritius is strategically and geographically well positioned to service these regions. As such, the Company has appointed two Mauritian residents as non-executive directors of AAI Mauritius and Paul Mathieson as Director and its CEO. Additionally, the Company shortly expects to hire two new experienced UK executives as consultants to lead international sales, and international product and service development for AAI Mauritius. Consequently, AAI plans to dissolve the UK subsidiary with the same name and conduct all AI services business, including UK services, via the newly incorporated AAI Mauritius. AAI will not conduct any lending activities in these regions itself, eliminating the requirement for additional lending licenses and capital, and mitigating both country and currency risk with services offered in GBP and USD. Regarding the Company's US operations, MRAL US Corporation will continue lending to US consumers. AAI has migrated its corporate website to www.amazingaiplc.com and introduced a new contact enquiry email of aai@amazingaiplc.com Bitcoin Treasury Policy Update In addition to the above, the newly incorporated subsidiary AAI Mauritius will also be utilised to purchase bitcoin on behalf of the Company. The Company expects that the legal advice regarding purchasing bitcoin will be completed shortly, in conjunction with the anticipated completion of the onboarding for opening its bitcoin cold wallet custodian account. As such, subject to the satisfactory completion of the above, AAI aims to be able to initiate bitcoin purchases before the end of August 2025. Paul Mathieson, CEO of Amazing AI plc said, "We are excited to have established our new 100% owned subsidiary company, Amazing AI Services Ltd, in Mauritius and look forward to the imminent launch of our Bitcoin Treasury and further progress in our best-of-breed AI finance-related services international business." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Amazing AI plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer aai@amazingaiplc.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (AAI Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (AAI Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering Jessica Cave +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Professional/institutional investors can contact Oberon Capital on corporatesales@oberoninvestments.com About Amazing AI plc Amazing AI plc (AAI) is an AI driven, consumer finance fintech innovator that leverages its regulated licensed lending and collections operations, experience and network to distribute best-of-breed AI finance-related services internationally, specifically focused on lending, collections and debt financing services. AAI intends to sell AI finance-related services in the UK where our company is based plus the high-growth emerging markets of Sub-Saharan Africa (including Nigeria), Southeast Asia (including the Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam) and India via its Mauritius subsidiary, Amazing AI Services Ltd. AAI operates under the consumer brand Mr. Amazing Loans in the United States with state consumer lending licenses/certificates of authority and an established track-record of lending, collections and regulatory compliance for over 15 years. AAI intends to investigate further utilisation of AI in its own US consumer lending operational processes and seek additional strategic collaborations, joint ventures and acquisitions in the AI sector internationally, including in AI deception detection services to increase underwriting and collections performance. AAI also plans to conduct its own enhanced product and service development, territory customisation and new service initiatives. For more information please visit: www.amazingaiplc.com Important Notices Amazing AI plc (the "Company") intends to hold treasury reserves and surplus cash in bitcoin. Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency or crypto asset. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company considers holding bitcoin to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the financial regulator in the UK (the "Financial Conduct Authority" or "FCA") considers investment in bitcoin to be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an investment in bitcoin, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company consider bitcoin to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company's reserves and, accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to bitcoin. Such an approach is innovative, and the Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual investors in the Company on the Company's position in this regard. The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA and cryptocurrencies (such as bitcoin) are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of bitcoin can go down as well as up, and therefore the value of bitcoin holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be able to realise any future bitcoin exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the Company ascribes to bitcoin positions due to these market movements. As bitcoin is unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK's Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in bitcoin, and in doing so is mindful of the special risks bitcoin presents to the Company's financial position. These risks include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of bitcoin can be highly volatile, with value dropping as quickly as it can rise. Investors in bitcoin must be prepared to lose all money invested in bitcoin; (ii) the bitcoin market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell bitcoin at will. The ability to sell bitcoin depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) crypto assets are characterised in some quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to theft of holdings or ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view, especially in relation to bitcoin. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do their own research before investing. Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and