BETA Close X Amazing AI PLC announced a retail offer via the Winterflood Retail Access Platform (WRAP) to raise up to £500,000 through the issue of new ordinary shares. Up to 25,000,000 new Ordinary Shares will be made available at a price of £0.02 per share. The funds raised will support the company's crypto treasury policy and general working capital. Admission to trading on the AQSE Growth Market is anticipated to be effective on 8 October 2025, with dealings commencing at 8:00 a.m. The WRAP Retail Offer is expected to close at 4:30 p.m. on 1 October 2025, and the results will be announced around 7:00 a.m. on 2 October 2025. The minimum subscription is £100 per investor. Disclaimer* Amazing AI PLC 29 September 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR INTO OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AMOUNTS TO A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND HAS BEEN APPROVED BY WINTERFLOOD SECURITIES LIMITED WHICH IS AUTHORISED AND REGULATED BY THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (FRN 141455). 29 September 2025 Amazing AI Plc (" Amazing AI " or the " Company ") WRAP Retail Offer for up to £500,000 Amazing AI plc (AQSE: AAI), a global fintech group specialising in online consumer loans is pleased to announce a retail offer via the Winterflood Retail Access Platform (" WRAP ") to raise up to £500,000 (the " WRAP Retail Offer ") through the issue of new ordinary shares of £0.005 each in the capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares "). Under the WRAP Retail Offer, up to 25,000,000 new Ordinary Shares (the " WRAP Shares ") will be made available at a price of £0.02 per share. The WRAP Retail Offer will open immediately following this announcement. Funds raised through the WRAP Retail Offer will be used in support of the Company's crypto treasury policy and for general working capital purposes. The WRAP Retail Offer is conditional on the WRAP Shares being admitted to trading on the AQSE Growth Market (" Admission "). It is anticipated that Admission will become effective and that dealings in the WRAP Shares will commence on AQSE at 8:00 a.m. on 8 October 2025. WRAP Retail Offer The Company values its retail shareholder base and believes that it is appropriate to provide both new and existing retail shareholders in the United Kingdom the opportunity to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer. Therefore, the Company is making the WRAP Retail Offer open to eligible investors in the United Kingdom, being new or existing shareholders of Amazing AI, following release of this announcement and through certain financial intermediaries. A number of retail platforms are able to access the WRAP Retail Offer. Non-holders or existing shareholders wishing to subscribe for WRAP Retail Offer should contact their broker or wealth manager who will confirm if they are participating in the WRAP Retail Offer. Retail brokers wishing to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer on behalf of eligible retail investors, should contact WRAP@winterflood.com. The WRAP Retail Offer is expected to close at 4:30 p.m. on 1 October 2025, however timings are subject to change. Eligible retail investors should also note that financial intermediaries may have earlier closing times. The result of the Retail Offer is expected to be announced by the Company on or around 7:00 a.m. on 2 October 2025. To be eligible to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer, applicants must be a customer of a participating intermediary including individuals aged 18 years or over, companies and other bodies corporate, partnerships, trusts, associations and other unincorporated organisations. There is a minimum subscription of £100 per investor under the WRAP Retail Offer. The terms and conditions on which investors subscribe will be provided by the relevant financial intermediaries including relevant commission or fee charges. The Company reserves the right to amend the size of the WRAP Retail Offer at its discretion. The Company reserves the right to scale back any order and to reject any application for subscription under the WRAP Retail Offer without giving any reason for such rejection. It is vital to note that once an application for WRAP Shares has been made and accepted via an intermediary, it cannot be withdrawn. The WRAP Shares will, when issued, be credited as fully paid, and have the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after their date of issue. It is a term of the WRAP Retail Offer that the total value of the WRAP Shares available for subscription at the Issue Price does not exceed EUR 8 million (or the equivalent amount in GBP, calculated in accordance with the Prospectus Rules Regulations Sourcebook of the Financial Conduct Authority (the " FCA "). Investors should make their own investigations into the merits of an investment in the Company. Nothing in this announcement amounts to a recommendation to invest in the Company or amounts to investment, taxation or legal advice. It should be noted that a subscription for Ordinary Shares and investment in the Company carries a number of risks, including the risk that investors may lose their entire investment. Investors should take independent advice from a person experienced in advising on investment in securities such as the Ordinary Shares if they are in any doubt. An investment in the Company will place capital at risk. The value of investments, and any income, can go down as well as up, so investors could get back less than the amount invested. Neither past performance nor any forecasts should be considered a reliable indicator of future results. The WRAP Retail Offer is offered in the United Kingdom under the exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus in sections 86(1)(e) and 86(4) of FSMA. As such, there is no need for publication of a prospectus pursuant to the United Kingdom version of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended), or for approval of the same by the FCA. The Retail Offer is not being made into any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Amazing AI plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer aai@amazingaiplc.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Winterflood Retail Access Platform Sophia Bechev Kaitlan Billings WRAP@winterflood.com +44 (0) 20 3100 0214 Professional/institutional investors can contact Oberon Capital on corporatesales@oberoninvestments.com Further information on the Company can be found at https://www.aquis.eu/companies/aai and https://www.amazingaiplc.com The Company's LEI is 984500ARA55ED7411Y77 This announcement should be read in its entirety. In particular, the information in the "Important Notices" section of the announcement should be read and understood. Important Notices This announcement, which has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company has been approved for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (" FSMA ") by Winterflood Securities Limited (" Winterflood "), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. The release, publication or distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This announcement and the information contained herein is not for release, publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia (the " United States " or " US ")), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of the relevant laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. The Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " US Securities Act ") or under the applicable state securities laws of the United States and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in or into the United States. No public oﬀering of the Ordinary Shares is being made in the United States. The Ordinary Shares are being oﬀered and sold outside the United States in " oﬀshore transactions ", as deﬁned in, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the US Securities Act (" Regulation S ") to non-US persons (within the meaning of Regulation S). In addition, the Company has not been, and will not be, registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or issue or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for Ordinary Shares in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is or may be unlawful. No public offer of the securities referred to herein is being made in any such jurisdiction. This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. WRAP is a proprietary technology platform owned and operated by Winterflood (registered address at Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3GA; FRN 141455). Winterflood is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority, is acting exclusively for the Company and for no-one else and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this announcement) as its client in relation to the Retail Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients, nor for providing advice in connection with the Retail Offer, Admission and the other arrangements referred to in this announcement. The value of Ordinary Shares and the income from them is not guaranteed and can fall as well as rise due to stock market movements. When you sell your investment, you may get back less than you originally invested. Figures refer to past performance and past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. Returns may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations. Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on the Company's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements, which may use words such as "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "expect" and words of similar meaning, include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and dividend policy and the development of the industries in which the Company's businesses operate to differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given those risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company and Winterflood expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect actual results or any change in the assumptions, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based unless required to do so by the FCA, the Aquis Stock Exchange or applicable law. The information in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. None of Winterflood or any of its affiliates, accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to this announcement, including the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Winterflood and its affiliates, accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Any indication in this announcement of the price at which the Ordinary Share have been bought or sold in the past cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. No statement in this announcement is intended to be a profit forecast and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or target dividend per share of the Company for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or dividends per share of the Company. Neither the content of the Company's website (or any other website) nor the content of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Company's website (or any other website) is incorporated into or forms part of this announcement. The Ordinary Shares to be issued or sold pursuant to the Retail Offer will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange other than the Aquis Stock Exchange. Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (" Cairn "), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom, is acting as AQSE Corporate Adviser to the Company. Cairn has not authorised the contents of, or any part of, this announcement, and no liability whatsoever is accepted by Cairn for the accuracy of any information or opinions contained in this announcement or for the omission of any material information. The responsibilities of Cairn as the Company's AQSE Corporate Adviser under the Aquis Growth Market Access Rulebook and Aquis Corporate Adviser Handbook are owed solely to the Aquis Stock Exchange (" AQSE "), and are not owed to the Company or to any director or shareholder of the Company or any other person, in respect of its decision to acquire shares in the capital of the Company in reliance on any part of this announcement, or otherwise. Important Notices Amazing AI plc (the " Company ") intends to hold treasury reserves and surplus cash in cryptocurrency or crypto assets. Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency or crypto asset. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company considers holding crypto assets to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the financial regulator in the UK (the "Financial Conduct Authority" or "FCA") considers investment in crypto assets to be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an investment in crypto assets, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company consider crypto assets to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company's reserves and, accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to crypto assets. Such an approach is innovative, and the Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual investors in the Company on the Company's position in this regard. The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA and cryptocurrencies (such as bitcoin) are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of crypto assets can go down as well as up, and therefore the value of crypto asset holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be able to realise any future crypto asset exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the Company ascribes to crypto asset positions due to these market movements. As crypto assets are unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK's Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in crypto assets, and in doing so is mindful of the special risks crypto assets presents to the Company's financial position. These risks include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of crypto assets can be highly volatile, with value dropping as quickly as it can rise. Investors in crypto assets must be prepared to lose all money invested in crypto assets; (ii) the crypto assets market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell crypto assets at will. The ability to sell crypto assets depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) crypto assets are characterised in some quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to theft of holdings or ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view, especially in relation to crypto assets. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do their own research before investing. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and