Registered Office Level 2 100 St Georges Terrace Perth WA 6000 Australia 
ABN 84 093 732 597 Registered in Australia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 July 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
AGREEMENT TO SELL ALUMINIUM VALUE CHAIN ASSETS TO ALCOA FOR UP TO US$5.6B  
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER TRANSITION 
 
Conference call at 8:00am Australian Western Standard Time, details overleaf. 
South32 Limited (ASX / LSE / JSE: S32; ADR: SOUHY) (South32)  has signed a binding conditional agreement 
(Agreement) to sell its aluminium value chain assets to Alcoa Corporation (Alcoa) (NYSE: AA; ASX: AAI ) for a n  
implied enterprise value of up to US$5.6B (the Transaction).  Alcoa will also assume related rehabilitation provisions 
of approximately US$1.2B1. 
Alcoa will acquire South32’s interests in Worsley Alumina (86%), Hillside Aluminium (100%), MRN bauxite mine (33%)2, 
Brazil Alumina refinery (36%) and Brazil Aluminium smelter (40%) (together, the Assets), under the Transaction. 
Mozal Aluminium is excluded from the Transaction and remains on care and maintenance, with divestment under 
active consideration.    
The Transaction’s implied enterprise value of up to US$5.6B comprises: 
• US$3.1B in upfront cash consideration;  
• US$1.0B in Alcoa shares, in the form of ~17.0M Alcoa shares at the 10-day volume weighted average price3; 
• ~US$750M4 in net debt and lease liabilities to be assumed by Alcoa; and 
• up to US$750M5 in contingent cash consideration, linked to alumina and aluminium prices to 2030. 
With effect from today, Matthew (Matt) Daley has commenced as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of South32. 
This marks the completion of our previously announced CEO transition plan. Mr. Graham Kerr stepped down as CEO and 
Managing Director on 30 June and will continue as a strategic advisor to support engagements related to the Transaction6.  
Inaugural South32 Chief Executive Officer , Graham Kerr,  said: “This Transaction will unlock significant value for 
shareholders and repositions South32 as a leading upstream base metals focused company with high-margin assets 
and transformational growth. 
“The sale of our aluminium value chain assets to Alcoa for up to US$5.6B will deliver significant upfront proceeds while 
retaining upside to commodity price strength through price-linked consideration. This Transaction sees us unlock and 
capture our share of material synergies from combining our respective alumina businesses in Western Australia.”     
South32 Chief Executive Officer, Matt Daley, said: “Following completion, our portfolio will be focused on high-quality, 
long-life assets leveraged to attractive market fundamentals, with approximately 85% of pro-forma EBITDA from base 
and precious metals.  From this strong platfor m, o ur peer leading, funded growth profile is expected to deliver  
approximately 55% production growth from our Taylor project and Sierra Gorda’s fourth grinding line expansion. Our deep 
pipeline of copper and zinc growth options in study and exploration phases provide additional upside.  
 
1 Based on Group closure and rehabilitation provisions as at 31 December 2025.  
2 Subject to exercise of pre-emptive rights held by MRN’s partners.  
3 Equating to ~6% of Alcoa’s issued share capital. Alcoa shares to be delivered in the form of common stock and/or CDIs and a reference to ‘Alcoa 
shares’ in this announcement will mean that common stock and/or CDIs . VWAP calculated for the 10-trading-day period ending 26 June 2026. 
4 Based on Group and MRN equity accounted balance sheet items as at 31 March 2026.  
5 Price-linked consideration of up to US$750M is applicable for four years from 1 July 2026 with no annual cap. For the aluminium Assets, it will be 
calculated as 22.5% of production multiplied by the LME aluminium price above the following price thresholds: CY26: US$3,500/t, CY27: US$2,825/t, 
CY28: US$2,847/t, CY29: US$2,870/t and CY30: US$2,942/t. For the alumina Assets, it will be calculated as 22.5% of 67% of production multiplied by the 
alumina index price above the following thresholds: CY26: US$345/t, CY27: US$452/t, CY28: US$456/t, CY29: US$459/t and CY30: US$471/t. 
6 Mr. Kerr’s terms and conditions of employment will remain the same during this period, aside from the change in role and title and he wi ll not be 
eligible to receive a FY27 LTI. 
South32 Limited 
(Incorporated in Australia under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) 
(ACN 093 732 597) 
ASX / LSE / JSE Share Code: S32; ADR: SOUHY        
ISIN: AU000000S320 
south32.net
Page 2 of 5 AGREEMENT TO SELL ALUMINIUM VALUE CHAIN ASSETS  
“Our business will be simpler with a portfolio of higher margin upstream operations, reduced complexity and greater 
resilience. This will enable a leaner, lower-cost operating model that will deliver ongoing value through an anticipated 
US$125M per annum reduction in overhead costs as new support structures are implemented.  
“The Transaction further strengthens our balance sheet, enhancing our capacity to invest in high-returning growth 
projects and deliver shareholder returns. Following completion, an initial return of approximately US$500M will be 
delivered to South32 shareholders through an in-specie distribution of half the equity consideration received, as a  
fully-franked special dividend. Additional shareholder returns will be considered following completion. 
“Under Alcoa’s ownership, the Assets will be part of a global  aluminium value chain business. Together with Alcoa, 
we are committed to working closely with our people, communities, government and other stakeholders to support 
a successful ownership transition.”   
South32 Chair, Stephen Pearce, said: “The sale of our aluminium value chain assets to Alcoa is a step change for 
South32 that accelerates the delivery of our strategy and supports sustainable growth over the long term. The Board 
is confident this Transaction will provide enduring value for shareholders. 
“With our CEO transition complete, I’d like to acknowledge the outstanding contribution Graham has made to 
South32 over more than a decade of service, and the way he has worked with Matt during the transition period. On 
behalf of the Board, I thank him for his leadership of our business.” 
Transaction highlights  
Premium value realised for our aluminium value chain 
• Transaction’s implied enterprise value of up to US$5.6B implies a through-the-cycle EBITDA multiple of ~6.8x7 
and annual average free cash flow multiple of ~12.7x8  
Unlocks and captures our share of value from material synergies from Western Australian alumina  
• Premium valuation recognises the industrial logic and synergy benefits delivered by the Transaction 
• Further value upside potential through Alcoa equity consideration  
Creates an upstream base metals focused company with transformational growth  
• Leveraged to structurally attractive commodities with ~85% of EBITDA9 from copper, zinc, silver and lead  
• Projects in construction or approved for development are expected to grow our production volumes by ~55%10 
• Life extension projects, development options and exploration offer further upside 
Portfolio of high-quality upstream operations and growth options in favourable jurisdictions  
• Retaining our highest margin operations with expansion and life extension options 
• Portfolio value concentrated in tier one mining jurisdictions in Australia, Chile and USA  
• Significantly improved sustainability profile with low GHG emissions exposure11  
A simplified business with lower overheads that will deliver ongoing value 
• Simpler, focused portfolio enabling a leaner support model  
• Expected overhead reduction of ~US$125M per annum, with full benefits to be realised in FY29 
Balance sheet capacity to deliver our most attractive opportunities  
• Balance sheet flexibility to allocate capital into both high-returning growth projects and shareholder returns  
• Alcoa to assume all debt and closure liabilities relating to the Assets   
• Committed to continuing our disciplined allocation of capital to deliver our strategy and grow per share value 
  
 
7 Based on average consolidated Underlying EBITDA of the Assets of ~US$0.8B over the period FY21 to FY25.   
8 Based on average consolidated free cash flow of the Assets of ~US$0.4B over the period FY21 to FY25. Calculated as consolidated Underlying 
earnings plus depreciation and amortisation less capital expenditure. 
9 Pro-forma based on H1 FY26 financial results and excludes the Assets, Mozal Aluminium (placed on care and maintenance on 15 March 2026), 
Cerro Matoso (divested on 1 December 2025) and general corporate costs.  
10 Refers to production growth, compared to FY26e Group copper equivalent production guidance, from the Taylor deposit assuming annual 
average steady-state production per market release “Hermosa Project Update” dated 30 April 2026 , and additional production from Sierra Gorda 
reflecting the fourth grinding line expansion assuming a ~25% increase in FY26e ore processed. 
11 Pro-forma operational GHG emissions would reduce by ~95% relative to FY25.
Page 3 of 5 AGREEMENT TO SELL ALUMINIUM VALUE CHAIN ASSETS  
Transaction overview  
South32 and Alcoa have signed a binding conditional agreement under which subsidiaries of Alcoa will acquire the 
South32 subsidiary companies that hold the Assets.  
Transaction completion is subject to a “locked box” mechanism, under which Alcoa is entitled to the cash flow from the 
Assets from 1 April 2026. South32 will be paid a ticking fee equal to 5.0% per annum of the US$3.1B cash consideration 
calculated from the date of South32 shareholder approval of the Transaction to completion, payable at completion.  
Alcoa will assume all current and future liabilities of the Assets, with operating control transferred at completion. 
The Transaction is expected to complete in H2 FY27, subject to satisfaction or waiver of conditions precedent. 
Transaction conditions  
Completion of the Transaction is subject to  satisfaction (or waiver where permitted) of conditions precedent by  
29 June 2027 (or an agreed later date), which include:  
• South32 shareholder approval; 
• Australian Foreign Investment Review Board approval; 
• Australian Competition and Consumer Commission approval; 
• Financial Surveillance Department of the South African Reserve Bank approval; 
• Certain other international competition and regulatory approvals, including approval under the South African 
Competition Act; and 
• Other customary conditions, including no material adverse change12. 
If a condition precedent has not been satisfied or waived by 29 June 2027 (or an agreed later date) either party  
may terminate the Agreement  (or the sole party for whose benefit the condition exists may waive or terminate 
earlier). The parties have other limited termination rights under the Agreement. 
The Transaction is not subject to any due diligence or financing conditions precedent.  
To ensure that South32 shareholders are properly informed as to the terms of the Transaction, South32 will seek the 
approval of its shareholders, and intends to include an ordinary resolution on the Transaction in its items of business for 
its 2026 annual general meeting (AGM). In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 11 and Guidance Note 12, South32 sought 
and obtained from the ASX, confidential in-principle advice that ASX Listing Rule 11 is not likely to apply to the Transaction.  
Prior to the AGM, South32 shareholders will receive additional information relating to the Transaction in the form of 
an explanatory memorandum attached to the Notice of AGM, which will also include an Independent Expert’s Report 
opining on whether the Transaction is in the best interests of shareholders.  
The Transaction is binding on South32 and, until the AGM (at which the Transaction vote will be put to shareholders), 
South32 must ensure that it does not solicit, initiate or encourage any alternative proposal that, if completed  
(i) would result in a person acquiring control of South32 or all or substantially all of the assets of South32  (where 
that transaction is conditional on the Transaction not completing)  or (ii) would otherwise be inconsistent with 
completion of the Transaction. However, until the Transaction vote has been put to shareholders, South32 is 
permitted to take certain actions to consider unsolicited a cquisition proposals for South32 , which it reasonably 
believes is a superior proposal or could reasonably be expected to lead to one, provided South32 provides Alcoa  
with notice of the superior proposal and a limited matching right for a period of at least five business days.   
South32 and Alcoa have agreed to a break fee/reverse break fee regime under which: 
• South32 must pay a break fee (calculated on the upfront cash and scrip consideration)  in certain limited agreed 
circumstances. In summary, a 1.0% break fee (US$41M) is payable if: (i) the Agreement is terminated because South32 
shareholders vote against the Transaction on or before 30 November 2026; or (ii) South32 terminates the Agreement 
because of a superior proposal; or (iii) the Transaction is terminated because South32 failed to agree to certain 
commitments in connection with South African regulatory approvals; or (iv) South32 materially breaches certain  
pre-completion obligations in relation to regulatory engagement and the T ransaction cannot complete; and a  
 
12 In the Agreement, ‘Material Adverse Change’ is defined to capture (1) relevant event(s) at Worsley and Hillside that has, or is reasonably likely to have, 
the effect of a diminution in the net present value of Worsley and Hillside by at least US$600M; or (2) relevant event(s) that has, or is reasonably likely to 
have, the effect (either individually or when aggregated) of reducing aluminium production at Hillside by an amount that is no less than 310kt over a 
continuous 12-month period when measured against the disclosed forecast production (for that 12-month period), subject to customary carve outs.
Page 4 of 5 AGREEMENT TO SELL ALUMINIUM VALUE CHAIN ASSETS  
2.0% break fee (US$82M) is payable if: (v) Alcoa terminates the Transaction because South32 fails to hold its shareholder 
vote on or before 30 November 2026 or, if it is held after that time, shareholders do not approve the Transaction. 
 
• Alcoa must pay a reverse break fee of 2. 0% of the upfront cash and scrip consideration  of the Transaction 
(US$82M) in certain limited agreed circumstances. In summary, the reverse break fee is payable if: (i) the 
Transaction is terminated because of a failure to satisfy certain regulatory approval required to implement the 
Transactions; or (ii) A lcoa materially breaches certain pre -completion obligations in relation to regulatory 
engagement and the Transaction cannot complete. 
South32 has agreed to provide certain non-compete provisions in favour of Alcoa  relating to the global aluminium 
value chain industry for up to two years following completion. 
South32 and Alcoa have also executed a Transitional Services Agreement, under which South32 will provide certain 
transition services with respect to the Assets for up to 18 months following completion. These services will be 
provided by South32 on a cost recoverable basis.  
Board of Directors recommendation 
The South32 Directors unanimously recommend that South32 shareholders vote in favour of the Transaction, in the 
absence of a s uperior proposal and subject  to an independent expert concluding in the Independent Expert’s 
Report (and continuing to conclude) that the Transaction  is in the best  interests of South32  shareholders.  
Subject to those same qualifications, each member of the South32 Board intends to vote, or cause to be voted, all 
South32 shares held or controlled by them in favour of the Transaction. 
Accounting and tax  
The Assets will continue to be reported in South32’s Group underlying financial results until completion.  
South32’s cash tax liability in relation to the upfront consideration is expected to be ~US$50M. 
Shareholder returns 
Until completion, earnings from t he Assets will form part of South32’s Underlying earnings and accordingly the 
calculation of dividends under our policy to distribute a minimum 40% of Underlying earnings as ordinary dividends.  
Following completion, South32 will distribute half of the Alcoa shares received as upfront equity consideration  to 
South32 shareholders in the form of an in-specie fully-franked special dividend. This represents an initial return to 
shareholders of ~ US$500M based on the current market value of Alcoa shares. Eligible shareholders will receive 
franking credits as add itional value in respect  of this distribution.  Consistent with the obligations of the parties 
under the Agreement, the Alcoa shares will be issued without restriction on on-sale and will be freely tradeable in 
the hands of South32 shareholders. 
South32 will provide further information regarding the remain ing Alcoa shares to be received as equity 
consideration in due course. These shares will not be subject to any minimum holding period and can be distributed 
in an orderly manner.  
In relation to the proposed distribution of Alcoa shares, South32 intends to establish a share sale facility for ineligible 
overseas shareholders and small South32 shareholders (other than those who elect to receive Alcoa shares instead). 
Further details of the distribution will be included in the explanatory memorandum.  
 
Conference call 
South32 will hold a conference call at 8.00am Australian Western Standard Time ( 10:00am Australian Eastern 
Standard Time) on 1 July 2026 to provide an overview of the Transaction including Q&A, the details of which are as 
follows: 
Conference ID:  
Please pre-register for this call at link. 
Website 
A replay of the conference call will be made available on the South32 website.
Page 5 of 5 AGREEMENT TO SELL ALUMINIUM VALUE CHAIN ASSETS  
Advisers 
BofA Securities and UBS Securities Australia Ltd are acting as financial advisers, and Mallesons are acting as lead 
legal adviser to South32. 
Flagstaff Partners is acting as independent adviser to the South32 Board. 
Forward-looking statements 
This release contains forward -looking statements, including statements about trends in commodity prices and 
currency exchange rates; demand for commodities; production forecasts; plans, strategies and objectives of 
management; capital costs and scheduling;  operating costs; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and 
facilities; and provisions and contingent liabilities. These forward -looking statements reflect expectations at the 
date of this release, however they are not guarantees or predictions of future performance. They involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and which may cause actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this release. Readers are cautioned 
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, the 
South32 Group does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward -looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information or future events. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. 
South32 cautions against reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance. 
About us 
Our purpose is to make a difference by developing natural resources, improving people’s lives now and for 
generations to come. We are trusted by our owners and partners to realise the potential of their resources.  
We produce minerals and metals critical to the world’s energy transition from operations across the Americas, 
Australia and Southern Africa and we are discovering and responsibly developing our next generation of mines. We 
aspire to leave a positive legacy  and build meaningful relationships with our partners and communities to create 
brighter futures together. 
 
Investor Relations Media Relations 
Ben Baker 
T +61 8 9324 9363 
M +61 403 763 086 
E Ben.Baker@south32.net 
Jamie Macdonald  
T +61 8 9324 9000 
M +61 408 925 140 
E Jamie.Macdonald@south32.net 
Further information on South32 can be found at www.south32.net. 
This announcement contains Inside Information. 
Approved for release to the market by Matthew Daley, Chief Executive Officer 
JSE Sponsor: The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited 
1 July 2026