BETA Close X Amazing AI plc announced that all resolutions were passed at its General Meeting on December 30, 2025, approving the withdrawal of its ordinary shares from the AQSE Growth Market, effective January 7, 2026. Special Resolution 1, concerning the withdrawal and deployment of funds for its Digital Asset Treasury Policy utilizing crypto derivatives, received 97.78% of votes cast. Ordinary Resolution 2, authorizing directors to effect the withdrawal and deploy funds, passed with 94.18% of votes cast. The company, a global fintech group, will continue to pursue its diversified Digital Asset Treasury Policy post-withdrawal. Disclaimer* Amazing AI PLC 30 December 2025 30 December 2025 Amazing AI plc (" AAI ", the " Company " or the " Group ") Results of General Meeting and AQSE Withdrawal Notice Amazing AI plc (AQSE: AAI) - 30 December 2025: AAI is a global fintech group with a Digital Asset Treasury Policy that provides online consumer loans and AI finance-related services. AAI announces that all resolutions were duly passed at the Company's General Meeting held on 30 December 2025. The withdrawal of AAI Ordinary Shares from AQSE Growth Market will take effect at 7.00 a.m. on 7 January 2026. Details of the voting results, which should be read alongside the Notice of General Meeting, are below: RESOLUTIONS: No. of votes for % of votes cast No. of votes against % of votes cast Withheld Votes * SPECIAL RESOLUTION 1. THAT, in accordance with Rule 5.3 of the AQSE Rules, the withdrawal of the admission to trading on the AQSE Growth Market of the ordinary shares be and is hereby approved. Post withdrawal from AQSE trading, the Company be and is hereby approved to deploy material funds to pursue its sophisticated and diversified Digital Asset Treasury Policy utilising crypto derivatives. 198,836,162 97.78 4,508,355 2.22 0 ORDINARY RESOLUTION 2. THAT, in accordance with Rule 5.3 of the AQSE Rules, the directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to take all actions reasonable or necessary to effect such withdrawal from AQSE trading. Post withdrawal from AQSE trading, the directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to deploy material funds to pursue the Company's sophisticated and diversified Digital Asset Treasury Policy utilising crypto derivatives. 73,016,162 94.18 4,508,355 5.82 125,820,000 * Votes withheld are not votes in law and have not been counted in the calculation of the proportion of votes "for" or "against" a resolution. This announcement contains inside information that, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. The Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Amazing AI plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer aai@amazingaiplc.com About Amazing AI plc Amazing AI plc (AAI) is a global fintech group with a diversified Digital Asset Treasury Policy, that provides online consumer loans and AI finance-related services. AAI leverages its regulated licensed lending and collections operations, experience and network to distribute best-of-breed AI finance-related services internationally, specifically focused on lending, collections and debt financing services. AAI operates under the consumer brand Mr. Amazing Loans in the United States with 6 state consumer lending licenses/certificates of authority and an established track-record of lending, collections and regulatory compliance for over 15 years. For more information please visit: www.amazingaiplc.com and www.aquis.eu/companies/aai Important Notices Amazing AI plc (the "Company"), via its 100% owned Mauritius subsidiary Amazing AI Services Ltd, holds treasury reserves and surplus cash in digital assets. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company considers holding digital assets to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the financial regulator in the UK (the "Financial Conduct Authority" or "FCA") considers investment in digital assets to be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an investment in digital assets, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company consider digital assets to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company's reserves and, accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to digital assets. Such an approach is innovative, and the Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual investors in the Company on the Company's position in this regard. The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA and digital assets are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of digital assets can go down as well as up, and therefore the value of digital asset holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be able to realise any future digital asset exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the Company ascribes to digital asset positions due to these market movements. As digital assets are unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK's Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in digital assets, and in doing so is mindful of the special risks digital assets presents to the Company's financial position. These risks include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of digital assets can be highly volatile, with value dropping as quickly as it can rise. Investors in digital assets must be prepared to lose all money invested in digital assets; (ii) the digital assets market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell digital assets at will. The ability to sell digital assets depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) digital assets are characterised in some quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to loss of holdings or ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view, especially in relation to digital assets. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do their own research before investing. Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and