UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-K
CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 11, 2026 (September 10, 2026)
ALCOA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 1-37816 81-1789115
(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
(Commission
File Number)
(IRS Employer
Identification No.)
201 Isabella Street, Suite 500
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212-5858
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (412) 315-2900
Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
☒ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading
symbol(s)
Name of each exchange
on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AA New York Stock Exchange
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 8.01              Other Events.
On September 10, 2026 Australian Western Standard Time, South32 Limited (“South32”) released a notice of meeting and explanatory memorandum
(collectively, the “Notice”) to convene a general meeting of South32 shareholders at which, among other things, such shareholders will vote on a
resolution to approve the proposed sale of South32’s interests in certain bauxite, alumina and aluminum operations to Alcoa Corporation (“Alcoa”)
pursuant to the Umbrella Implementation Deed, dated as of June 30, 2026, by and among, inter alios , Alcoa and South32. A copy of the Notice, which will
be distributed to South32 shareholders alongside Alcoa’s prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on September 8, 2026, is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.
The Notice includes certain disclosures in respect of mineral resources and reserves that were declared and disclosed as part of South32’s annual
Resource and Reserve (R&R) declaration in its 2026 Annual Report dated August 27, 2026 in compliance with the Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2012. Such disclosures do not comply with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, which governs
disclosures of mineral reserves in certain filings with the SEC, and therefore have been omitted from Exhibit 99.1. Certain information relating to the
South32 general meeting but not the vote by the South32 shareholders on the resolution to approve the proposed sale of South32’s interests in certain
bauxite, alumina and aluminum operations to Alcoa has also been omitted from Exhibit 99.1.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Exhibit
number Description
99.1 South32 Notice of Meeting and Explanatory Memorandum, dated September 10, 2026
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements that relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as “aims,”
“ambition,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “develop,” “endeavors,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “goal,” “intends,” “may,” “outlook,”
“potential,” “plans,” “projects,” “reach,” “seeks,” “sees,” “should,” “strive,” “targets,” “will,” “working,” “would,” or other words of similar meaning. All
statements by Alcoa Corporation (“Alcoa”) that reflect expectations, assumptions or projections about the future, other than statements of historical fact,
are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding Alcoa’s proposed transaction to acquire South32 Limited’s equity
interests in certain bauxite, alumina, and aluminum assets (the proposed transaction referred to as the “Transaction”); the ability of the parties to
complete the Transaction on the expected timeline or at all considering the closing conditions; the expected benefits of the Transaction, including the
anticipated synergies and earnings per share and free cash flow accretion; the competitive ability and position following completion of the Transaction;
the ability to complete any proposed debt financing in connection with the Transaction; forecasts concerning global demand growth for bauxite, alumina,
and aluminum, and supply/demand balances; statements, projections or forecasts of future or targeted financial results, or operating performance
(including our ability to execute on strategies related to environmental, social and governance matters); statements about strategies, outlook, and
business and financial prospects (including related to production and shipments); and statements about capital allocation and return of capital. These
statements reflect beliefs and assumptions that are based on Alcoa’s perception of historical trends, current conditions, and expected future
developments, as well as other factors that management believes are appropriate in the circumstances.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and changes in
circumstances that are difficult to predict. Although Alcoa believes that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on
reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained and it is possible that actual results may differ materially from
those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to: (a) the non-satisfaction  or non-waiver, on a timely basis or otherwise, of one or more closing conditions to the Transaction; (b) the prohibition or delay
of the completion of the Transaction by a governmental entity; (c) the risk that the Transaction may not be completed in the expected time frame or at all;
(d) unexpected costs, charges or expenses, including financing commitment fees, resulting from the Transaction; (f) uncertainty of the expected financial
performance following completion of the Transaction; g) uncertainty of any contingent payment required to be made in connection with the Transaction
following completion; (h) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction; (i) the occurrence of any event that could give rise to termination of
the Transaction; (j) potential litigation in connection with the Transaction or other settlements or investigations that may affect the timing or occurrence
of the Transaction or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability; (k) the impact of global economic conditions on the aluminum
industry and aluminum end-use  markets; (l) volatility and declines in aluminum and alumina demand and pricing, including global, regional, and product-
specific prices, or significant changes in production costs which are linked to the London Metal Exchange (LME) or other commodities; (m) the
disruption of market-driven balancing of global aluminum supply and demand by non-market forces; (n) competitive and complex conditions in global
markets; (o) our ability to obtain, maintain, or renew permits or approvals necessary for our mining operations; (p) rising energy costs and interruptions
or uncertainty in energy supplies; (q) unfavorable changes in the cost, quality, or availability of raw materials or other key inputs, or by disruptions in the
supply chain; (r) economic, political, and social conditions, including the impact of trade policies, tariffs, and adverse industry publicity; (s) legal
proceedings, investigations, or changes in foreign and/or U.S. federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or policies; (t) changes in tax laws or exposure to
additional tax liabilities; (u) climate change, climate change legislation or regulations, and efforts to reduce emissions and build operational resilience to
extreme weather conditions; (v) disruptions in the global economy caused by ongoing regional conflicts and wars; w) fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates, inflation and other economic factors in the countries in which we operate; (x) global competition within and beyond the
aluminum industry; (y) our ability to achieve our strategies or expectations relating to environmental, social, and governance considerations; (z) claims,
costs, and liabilities related to health, safety and environmental laws, regulations, and other requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (aa)
liabilities resulting from impoundment structures, which could impact the environment or cause exposure to hazardous substances or other damage; (bb)
dilution of the ownership position of Alcoa’s stockholders (including as a result of the Transaction), price volatility, and other impacts on the price of
Alcoa common stock by the secondary listing of the Alcoa common stock on the Australian Securities Exchange; (cc) our ability to obtain or maintain
adequate insurance coverage; (dd) our ability to execute on our strategy to reduce complexity and optimize our asset portfolio and to realize the
anticipated benefits from announced plans, programs, initiatives relating to our portfolio, capital investments, and developing technologies; (ee) our
ability to integrate and achieve intended results from joint ventures, other strategic alliances, and strategic business transactions; (ff) significant declines
in the market value of our marketable securities; (gg) our ability to fund capital expenditures; (hh) deterioration in our credit profile or increases in interest
rates; (ii) impacts on our current and future operations due to our indebtedness and our ability to reduce indebtedness; (jj) our ability to continue to
return capital to our stockholders through the payment of cash dividends and/or the repurchase of our common stock; (kk) cyber attacks, security
breaches, system failures, software or application vulnerabilities, or other cyber incidents; (ll) labor market conditions, union disputes and other employee
relations issues; and (mm) the other risk factors discussed in Alcoa’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, Alcoa’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, and other reports filed by Alcoa with the SEC. Certain illustrative pro forma
information included in certain investor materials may differ materially from pro forma information included in SEC filings, including the Registration
Statement (as defined below).
Alcoa cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. These
risks, as well as other risks associated with the Transaction, are also more fully discussed in the Registration Statement referred to below. Alcoa disclaims
any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required
by applicable law. Neither Alcoa nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking
statements.
Other Information
The prospective financial information included in Exhibit 99.1 was not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or
the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation or presentation of prospective financial information.
The July 16, 2026 Alcoa annual guidance (“Alcoa Annual Guidance”) information referenced in the Independent Expert’s Report included in the Notice
has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, Alcoa’s management. Additionally, the Alcoa Broker Consensus (“Broker Consensus”) information
referenced in the Independent Expert’s Report included in the Notice has been prepared by Grant Samuel & Associates Pty Limited.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the accompanying
Alcoa Annual Guidance or Broker Consensus and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance
with respect thereto. The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report which appears in Alcoa Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2025 relates to Alcoa’s previously issued financial statements. It does not extend to the Alcoa Annual Guidance and Broker Consensus and
should not be read to do so.
No Offer or Solicitation
This Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote of approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
Additional Information and Where to Find It
This Current Report on Form 8-K relates to the Transaction. In connection with the Transaction, Alcoa filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 on
September 1, 2026 (including documents incorporated by reference therein, the “Registration Statement”), with the SEC. The Registration Statement was
declared effective and the related final prospectus was filed on September 8, 2026. This communication is not a substitute for the Registration Statement
or any other document that Alcoa may file with the SEC in connection with the Transaction. Before making any investment decision, investors are urged
to read the Registration Statement and all relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements to those
documents, when they become available, because they contain important information about Alcoa and the Transaction. Investors are able to obtain a free
copy of the Registration Statement, as well as other filings containing information about Alcoa, free of free of charge, at the SEC’s website
(www.sec.gov). Copies of the Registration Statement and other documents filed by Alcoa with the SEC may be obtained, without charge, by contacting
Alcoa.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
ALCOA CORPORATION
By: /s/ Marissa P. Earnest
Marissa P. Earnest
Senior Vice President, General Counsel - North
America Operations, and Secretary
Date: September 11, 2026
Exhibit 99.1
 
OF NOTICE MEETING 2026
Date Thursday, 15 October 2026 Time 12.00pm (AWST) Location Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, 21 Mounts Bay Road, Perth, Western Australia and online by entering https://meetnow.global/S32AGM2026 into your browser. If it becomes necessary to make alternative or supplementary arrangements to hold the Meeting to those set out in this Notice of Meeting, Shareholders will be given as much notice as possible. Shareholders should monitor the Company’s website at www.south32.net/agm and ASX announcements where information relating to alternative arrangements will be provided.
South32 Notice of Meeting 1 CHAIR LETTER Dear Shareholder, I am pleased to invite you to the 2026 Annual General Meeting of South32 Limited, which will be held as a hybrid meeting on Thursday, 15 October 2026 at 12.00pm (AWST). Shareholders and guests can attend the Meeting physically at the Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, 21 Mounts Bay Road, Perth, Western Australia or online at https://meetnow.global/S32AGM2026. Shareholders and proxy holders who attend online will be able to follow proceedings, vote and ask questions or make comments in real time. Information on how to participate in the Meeting is set out in the accompanying Notice of Meeting and in the Computershare Virtual Meeting Services Online Meeting Guide which is available at www.south32.net/agm. Chief Executive
Officer, Matt Daley, and I will open the Meeting by commenting on the performance of the South32 Group during the financial year ended 30 June 2026. For further information, I encourage you to visit our website, www.south32.net, and refer to our 2026 Annual Reporting Suite. Details on each of the Resolutions to be proposed at the Meeting are included in the Notice of Meeting and the AGM Explanatory Memorandum in Annexure A and the Transaction Explanatory Memorandum in Annexure B. Other than in respect of the Resolutions in which they have a personal interest, the Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolutions 2 to 6 inclusive. If Resolution 8 is put to the Meeting, the Directors recommend that Shareholders vote against Resolution 8. In addition to the general
business to be considered by Shareholders at the Meeting, I am pleased to provide you with an opportunity to vote on the proposed sale of our aluminium value chain assets (other than Mozal Aluminium) to Alcoa Corporation (Alcoa) that we announced on 1 July 2026 (Proposed Disposal). Shareholders are being asked to assess this transformational opportunity and vote on Resolution 7 at the Meeting. After carefully considering the benefits and risks of the Proposed Disposal, the Directors unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 7 in the absence of a Superior Proposal (and subject to the Independent Expert maintaining its conclusion that the Proposed Disposal is in the best interests of Shareholders). Please refer to the Transaction Explanatory Memorandum (including
the Independent Expert’s Report contained in Attachment 1) for more information about the Proposed Disposal including identified advantages, disadvantages and risks. Information on voting at the Meeting is available in the ‘How to Vote’ section on page 4 of the Notice of Meeting. If you cannot attend the Meeting, you may appoint a proxy to attend and vote on your behalf. To do this, you must appoint a proxy and lodge a proxy vote so that it is received by 12.00pm (AWST) on Tuesday, 13 October 2026. Information on appointing a proxy is available in the ‘How to Vote’ section on page 4 of the Notice. We encourage Shareholders to submit questions prior to the Meeting by 4.00pm (AWST) on Thursday, 8 October 2026. Information on submitting questions is available in the ‘How to ask questions’
section on page 6 of the Notice. For those of you who cannot join the Meeting, an archive of the webcast will be available after the Meeting at www.south32.net/agm. The Directors and Lead Team look forward to your attendance at our Annual General Meeting. Yours sincerely Stephen Pearce Chair
South32 Notice of Meeting 2 NOTICE OF MEETING Notice is given that the 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of South32 Limited (ABN 84 093 732 597) will be held on Thursday, 15 October 2026 at 12.00pm (AWST). Shareholders are invited to attend the Meeting at the Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, 21 Mounts Bay Road, Perth, Western Australia or online at https://meetnow.global/S32AGM2026. Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms that are used relation to Resolution 1 to 6 and 8 have the same meaning as defined in the AGM Explanatory Memorandum in Annexure A, and capitalised terms that are used in relation to Resolution 7 have the same meaning as those defined in the Transaction Explanatory Memorandum in Annexure B. BUSINESS OF THE MEETING 1. FINANCIAL
REPORT, DIRECTORS’ REPORT, SUSTAINABILITY REPORT AND AUDITOR’S REPORT To receive and consider the Financial Report, Directors’ Report, Sustainability Report and Auditor’s Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2026. 2. RE-ELECTION  OF DIRECTORS To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolutions as separate ordinary Resolutions: (a) “That Dr Xiaoling Liu is re-elected  as a Director of the Company.” (b) “That Mr Carlos Mesquita is re-elected  as a Director of the Company.” (c) “That Ms Jane Nelson is re-elected  as a Director of the Company.” 3. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolutions as separate ordinary Resolutions: (a) “That Mr Geoff Healy is elected as a Director of the Company.” (b) “That Ms Sinead Kaufman is elected as a Director
of the Company.” 4. ADOPTION OF THE REMUNERATION REPORT To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution as an ordinary Resolution: “That the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 be adopted.” Note: The vote on this Resolution is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the Company. Voting exclusion statement for Resolution 4: The Company will disregard any votes cast on Resolution 4: - by, or on behalf of, a member of the Company’s KMP named in the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 or their closely related parties (regardless of the capacity in which the vote is cast); or - as a proxy by a person who is a member of the Company’s KMP at the date of the Meeting or their closely related parties, unless the vote is
cast as proxy for a person entitled to vote on Resolution 4: - in accordance with the directions on the Proxy Form; or - by the Chair of the Meeting pursuant to an express authorisation to exercise the proxy even though Resolution 4 relates to the remuneration of the Company’s KMP. 5. GRANT OF AWARDS TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution as an ordinary Resolution: “That approval be given for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 10.14 and for all other purposes, to grant equity awards to the Chief Executive Officer, Mr Matthew Daley, under South32’s short-term and long-term incentive plans as set out in the AGM Explanatory Memorandum.” Voting exclusion statement for Resolution 5: The Company will disregard any votes cast on Resolution 5: - in
favour of the Resolution by, or on behalf of, Mr Matthew Daley or any of his associates (regardless of the capacity in which the vote is cast); or - as a proxy by a person who is a member of the Company’s KMP at the date of the Meeting or their closely related parties, unless the vote is cast by: - a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on Resolution 5, in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on Resolution 5 in that way; or - the Chair of the Meeting as proxy for a person who is entitled to vote on Resolution 5, in accordance with an express authorisation to exercise the proxy as the Chair of the Meeting decides, even though Resolution 5 relates to the remuneration of a member of the Company’s KMP; or
South32 Notice of Meeting 3 - a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded from voting on Resolution 5; and the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 6. RENEWAL OF PROPORTIONAL TAKEOVER PROVISIONS To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as a special Resolution: “That the Company renew the proportional takeover provisions contained in rule 6 of the Company’s Constitution for a period of three years from the date of this Meeting.” 7.
APPROVAL OF THE PROPOSED DISPOSAL OF THE SALE BUSINESS TO ALCOA AND ITS APPLICABLE RELATED BODIES CORPORATE To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an ordinary Resolution: “That, for all purposes, the Proposed Disposal on the terms and conditions described in the Transaction Explanatory Memorandum, together with all actions or agreements or other arrangements associated with, or necessary or desirable to give effect to, the Proposed Disposal, are approved.” Note: The consequences of this Resolution 7 not being passed by Shareholders is described in sections 1.4(c), 2 and 8.2(b) of the Transaction Explanatory Memorandum. 8. CONDITIONAL BOARD SPILL MEETING RESOLUTION If required, to consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as an ordinary Resolution:
“That, subject to and conditional on at least 25% of the votes validly cast on Resolution 4 being cast against the adoption of the Company’s Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2026: (a) an extraordinary general meeting of the Company (Spill Meeting) be held within 90 days after the passing of this Resolution; (b) all of the Non-Executive  Directors who were in office when the Board resolution to make the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2026 was passed and who remain in office at the time of the Spill Meeting cease to hold office immediately before the end of the Spill Meeting; and (c) resolutions to appoint persons to offices that will be vacated immediately before the end of the Spill Meeting be put to the vote of Shareholders at the Spill Meeting.” Voting
exclusion statement for Resolution 8: The Company will disregard any votes cast on Resolution 8: - by, or on behalf of, a member of the Company’s KMP named in the Company’s Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2026 or their closely related parties, regardless of the capacity in which the vote is cast; or - as a proxy by a person who is a member of the Company’s KMP at the date of the Meeting or their closely related parties, unless the vote is cast as proxy for a person entitled to vote on Resolution 8: - in accordance with a direction as to how to vote on the Proxy Form; or - by the Chair of the Meeting pursuant to an express authorisation to exercise the proxy even though Resolution 8 is connected with the remuneration of the Company’s KMP. Note: Resolution 8 is subject to
the result of Resolution 4. Resolution 8 will only be put to the Meeting if at least 25% of the votes validly cast on Resolution 4 are against Resolution 4. If you do NOT want a Spill Meeting to take place, you should vote ‘Against’ Resolution 8. If you want a Spill Meeting to take place, you should vote ‘For’ Resolution 8. By order of the Board Claire Tolcon Company Secretary 10 September 2026
South32 Notice of Meeting 4 HOW TO VOTE Entitlement to vote The Board has determined, in accordance with regulation 7.11.37 of the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth), that for the purposes of the Meeting, persons who are registered holders of shares in the Company as at 4.00pm (AWST) on Tuesday, 13 October 2026 will be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting. Any Share transfers registered after that time will be disregarded in determining entitlements to attend and vote at the Meeting. Voting at the Meeti

---

6.6 Pro forma historical financial information (a) Overview The following South32 pro forma historical financial information, comprising a pro forma consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2026 (South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet) and related notes, is prepared for the purposes of this Transaction Explanatory Memorandum. The information presented in this Section is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of South32’s actual or future financial position. References to South32 pro forma historical financial information relate to South32, excluding the Sale Business, on a consolidated basis and after certain pro forma adjustments as set out in this Section. The Investigating Accountant has prepared an Investigating
Accountant’s Report in respect of the South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet. A copy the Investigating Accountant’s Report is attached to this Transaction Explanatory Memorandum in Attachment 2 and should be read in conjunction with this Section. This Section should also be read in conjunction with the risks set out in Sections 8.2 to 8.5 and 8.7. (b) Basis of preparation The South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement requirements of the Australian Accounting Standards (AAS), adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet is presented in an abbreviated form, insofar as it does not
include all the presentation and disclosures, statements or comparative information required by AAS and other mandatory professional reporting requirements applicable to general purpose financial reports prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act. The South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet is based on the reported consolidated balance sheet of South32 as at 30 June 2026 (South32 Reported Balance Sheet), as derived from the South32 Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2026, and incorporates pro forma adjustments to reflect the impact of the Proposed Transaction as if it had occurred on 30 June 2026. For a full understanding of the financial position of the South32 Group, the South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the South32 Financial Report for the year ended
30 June 2026. In particular, the South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet reflects the removal of the assets and liabilities of the Sale Business and the recognition of Consideration expected to be received by South32. The pro forma adjustments have been prepared based on information available at the date of preparation and assumptions considered reasonable by management as at the pro forma balance sheet date. Actual amounts recognised upon Completion may differ from those reflected in the pro forma financial information, due to changes in the timing of Completion, Alcoa’s share price and the fair value of Contingent Consideration. 97 Refer to the news release by Trilogy Metals Inc. titled “Trilogy Metals Announces Acceptance of Alaska’s High-Grade Arctic Copper-Zinc-Lead-Gold-Silver Project
into the FAST-41  Federal Permitting Program” dated 15 May 2026 for further details. 98 Refer to South32’s media release titled “South32 backs U.S. Government move to advance access to critical minerals in Alaska” dated 7 October 2025 for further details.
Remove Sale Business AliGroup Combined Balance Consolidation South32 Pro South32 Reported Sheets adjustments Add Consideration Forma Balance US$M Balance Sheet (Note i) (Note ii) (Notes iii-v)  Sheet Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 2,134 (122) - 3,088 5,100 Trade and other receivables 861 (547) 452 - 766 Other financial assets99 12 - - 887 899 Inventories 812 (715) - - 97 Current tax assets 4 (22) - 22 4 Other assets 47 (12) (8) - 27 Total current assets 3,870 (1,418) 444 3,997 6,893 Non-current  assets Trade and other receivables 1,861 (83) - - 1,778 Other financial assets 371 - - 333 704 Inventories 32 (28) - - 4 Property, plant and equipment 7,038 (3,479) - - 3,559 Intangible assets 214 (24) (139) - 51 Equity accounted investments 596 - - - 596 Deferred tax assets 497 (161) (228) -
108 Other assets 12 (8) - - 4 Total non-current  assets 10,621 (3,783) (367) 333 6,804 Total assets 14,491 (5,201) 77 4,330 13,697 Liabilities Current liabilities Trade and other payables 762 (480) 481 - 763 Interest bearing liabilities 520 (68) 2 - 454 Current tax payables 76 (20) - - 56 Provisions 225 (121) - - 104 Deferred income 6 - - - 6 Total current liabilities 1,589 (689) 483 - 1,383 Non-current  liabilities Interest bearing liabilities 1,331 (668) 85 - 748 Other financial liabilities 22 (22) - - -Deferred tax liabilities 166 (165) - - 1 Provisions 1,669 (1,132) - - 537 Total non-current  liabilities 3,188 (1,987) 85 - 1,286 Total liabilities 4,777 (2,676) 568 - 2,669 Net assets 9,714 (2,525) (491) 4,330 11,028 Annexure B 53 Transaction Explanatory Memorandum (c) South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet
The table below sets out a reconciliation from the South32 Reported Balance Sheet to the South32 Pro Forma Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2026: Adjustments to the South32 Reported Balance Sheet Remove Sale Business (Notes i and ii) Represents the derecognition of the assets and liabilities associated with the Sale Business at 30 June 2026 and comprises of the following: (i) AliGroup Combined Balance Sheets Reflects the removal of the combined balance sheets for the Sale Business, as reported in the section titled “Selected Historical Combined Financial Data of the Sale Group” in Alcoa’s Prospectus (AliGroup Combined Balance Sheets). The AliGroup Combined Balance Sheets include amounts owing to/from other entities within the South32 Group, which were consolidated in the South32 Reported Balance
Sheet and are further adjusted in the consolidation adjustments, refer to note ii below. 99 Includes the Consideration Shares to be received at Completion, with no adjustment made for any distribution which may occur post-Completion, refer to note iv below.
- the elimination of amounts in the AliGroup Combined Balance Sheets owing to/from the o

---

8 million  to the Proposed Disposal consideration. The assessed value range takes into account the cash consideration ($3.1 billion) and reported net borrowings ($750 million) as well as: • the scrip consideration component of $765-935 million,  which is based on an estimated value range for Alcoa shares of $45.00-55.00  reflecting recent trading (with the latest share price of around $49.95 towards the middle of the range); and 9
GRANT SAMUEL ¦ ¦ ¦ • the contingent consideration component of $250-350 million,  which takes into account the NPV outcomes of the contingent payments under various projected price scenarios as well as an allowance for the intrinsic optionality of the arrangement. The assessed value range is at a discount of more than 50% to the maximum consideration. The assessed value range also takes into account the extended transaction timetable. Although South32 has effectively crystallised a value for the Aluminium Business as at 31 March 2026 (i.e. the “locked box” date), it will not receive its cash and scrip consideration until transaction completion (in 2HY27). The extended timetable has value implications for South32 and its shareholders (i.e. time value of money and non qualification of any
dividends payable by Alcoa) that has been estimated to be around $108 million (assuming completion on 30 June 2027). As the assessed value of the transaction consideration to be paid by Alcoa falls within the value range, the Proposed Disposal is fair The value attributed to the consideration under the Proposed Disposal compared to Grant Samuel’s estimate of the full underlying value range of the Aluminium Business is illustrated in the chart below: ALUMINIUM BUSINESS - COMPARISON OF VALUE RANGE Control value of the Aluminium Business Assessed value of the consideration Headline value of the consideration on announcement of the Proposed Disposal (based on headline contingent consideration) I Value of the consideration on announcement of the Proposed Disposal (based on headline contingent
consideration) I 4,200 4,400 4,600 4,800 5,000 5,200 5,400 5,600 5,800 Net Present Value ($ millions) In evaluating the fairness of the Proposed Disposal, it needs to be recognised that the bottom of the value range for the Aluminium Business (i.e. $4,526 million) represents the relevant threshold for fairness. Usually (and particularly for a cash offer), the value of the consideration would only need to be above the bottom end of the value range for the transaction to be “fair”. Although the Proposed Disposal is principally a cash offer (i.e. cash consideration plus assumption of net borrowings), the variable component is still a meaningful contributor to value (around 30% of the headline deal consideration of $5.6 billion). Grant Samuel’s assessment of the value of the consideration is based
on a range of trading values for Alcoa shares and a range of values for the contingent consideration. Fairness in these circumstances would require (at minimum) a meaningful degree of overlap with the value range for the Aluminium Business (if the value of the consideration is towards the low end of the value range for the Aluminium Business). As can be seen in the chart, the assessed value of the consideration falls towards the top end of the value range. On this basis, the Proposed Disposal is fair. While there is no clear-cut  approach to determine the share of synergies available to Alcoa that South32 will effectively receive (and it moves with changes in Alcoa’s stock price), taking the difference between the midpoints of the value range ($4,787 million) and the assessed value of the
consideration ($4,893 million) suggests that 10
GRANT SAMUEL approximately $106 million of synergy value (around 12% of the $900 million NPV of total synergies estimated by Alcoa) is implicitly included in the transaction consideration. The share would be higher to the extent an Alcoa share price of more than $50 is realised (or contingent consideration in excess of $300 million is realised). However, shareholders need to recognise that the Alcoa share price is highly volatile (and responds strongly to movements in commodity prices) and shareholders will have an exposure to it for an extended period. Realistically, the realised price could fall outside the selected range of $45.00-55.00  by a significant margin for sustained periods of time. Even a wide range of say, $40-60  would not cover the full range of possibilities. This level of
upside and downside risk is simply the nature of an investment in Alcoa. Shareholders will have the opportunity to reconsider the situation at the time of the meeting (mid October 2026). After that date, they are effectively “along for the ride”. It is worth noting that if the Alcoa share price does collapse, it is likely to reflect a severe downturn in aluminium markets which, in turn, would also have major implications for the value of the Aluminium Business and shareholders are protected by the large cash element in the Proposed Disposal consideration (i.e. approximately $3.75 billion out of $4.75 billion). Additional value of around $305-360 million  is expected to be unlocked by the Proposed Disposal, thereby reinforcing the “fairness” of the Proposed Disposal The Proposed Disposal also
unlocks additional value for South32 above and beyond the consideration to be paid by Alcoa. These additional benefits include: • annual cost savings of approximately $125 million associated with business simplification and implementation of a leaner operating model following completion of the Proposed Disposal. These savings exceed the corporate costs currently allocated to the Aluminium Business (i.e. approximately $80 million per annum, some of which will be transferred directly to the business). However, the composition, timing and achievability of the incremental benefits will depend on successful execution of the broader transformation programme. While elements of the transformation programme may have been achievable in the absence of the sale of the Aluminium Business,
the Proposed Disposal provides a catalyst for operating model reform and wider organ

---

with a robust balance sheet position, with net cash position expected to improve by around $3.85 billion (i.e. the sum of cash consideration and net borrowings assumed by Alcoa). The strong cash position should provide South32 with
clearer funding certainty over its key growth projects as well as optionality in relation to future capital management; • allows certain eligible shareholders to benefit from the value of the franking credits attached to the special dividend (i.e. in-specie  fully franked special dividend of Alcoa shares); and • provides a “clean” exit from the Aluminium Business (other than Mozal Aluminium), including the release of any net borrowings and other obligations (e.g. rehabilitation and closure costs and Brazil tax issues). On the other hand, there are some drawbacks arising from the Proposed Disposal such as: • reduced scale of operations and diversification (e.g. fewer operating sites, fewer commodity exposures, less geographic diversification), particularly as the Aluminium Business has
historically been one of the largest contributors to group earnings; • increased relative exposure to development risk, with the Hermosa project still under construction (with the first of its developments, the Taylor deposit, set to deliver first production in 2HY28); • increased relative exposure to non-operated  assets (at least until Taylor is ramped up), as the majority of its earnings and cash flow will come from non-operated  assets and joint ventures (e.g. Sierra Gorda which is 45% owned); and • the retention of Mozal Aluminium (at least temporarily), while South32 actively explores strategic options for the asset. This means that the Proposed Disposal is not a complete exit from the aluminium value chain. While the risks and drawbacks are real and non-trivial,  in Grant Samuel’s
view, they are, on balance, outweighed by the compelling strategic merits of the transaction and the value it unlocks for South32 and its shareholders. 4 Other Matters This report is general financial product advice only and has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of individual South32 shareholders. Accordingly, before acting in relation to their investment, shareholders should consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to their own objectives, financial situation or needs. Shareholders should read the Explanatory Memorandum issued by South32 in relation to the Proposed Disposal. Grant Samuel has not been engaged to provide a recommendation to shareholders in relation to the Proposed Disposal, the responsibility for which lies with
the directors of South32. In any event, the decision whether to vote for or against the Proposed Disposal is a matter for individual shareholders, based on their own views as to value and business strategy, their expectations about future economic and market conditions and their particular circumstances including risk profile, liquidity preference, investment strategy, portfolio structure and tax position. Shareholders who are in doubt as to the action they should take in relation to the Proposed Disposal should consult their own professional adviser. 12
GRANT SAMUEL Similarly, it is a matter for individual shareholders as to whether to buy, hold or sell shares in South32 or Alcoa. These are investment decisions upon which Grant Samuel does not offer an opinion and independent of a decision on whether to vote for or against the Proposed Disposal. Shareholders should consult their own professional adviser in this regard. Grant Samuel has prepared a Financial Services Guide as required by the Corporations Act, 2001. The Financial Services Guide is included at the beginning of the full report. This letter is a summary of Grant Samuel’s opinion. The full report from which this summary has been extracted is attached and should be read in conjunction with this summary. The opinion is made as at the date of this letter and reflects circumstances
and conditions as at that date. Yours faithfully GRANT SAMUEL & ASSOCIATES PTY LIMITED 13
THIS PAGE HAS BEEN LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY
-Ill III- SOUTH32 FINANCIAL SERVICES GUIDE AND INDEPENDENT EXPERT’S REPORT IN RELATION TO THE PROPOSED SALE OF THE ALUMINIUM BUSINESS GRANT SAMUEL & ASSOCIATES PTY LIMITED ABN 28 050 036 372 10 SEPTEMBER 2026
GRANT SAMUEL FINANCIAL SERVICES GUIDE Grant Samuel & Associates Pty Limited (“Grant Samuel”) holds Australian Financial Services Licence No. 240985 authorising it to provide financial product advice on securities and interests in managed investments schemes to wholesale and retail clients. The Corporations Act, 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”) requires Grant Samuel to provide this Financial Services Guide (“FSG”) in connection with its provision of an independent expert’s report (“Report”) which is included in a document (“Disclosure Document”) provided to members by the company or other entity (“Entity”) for which Grant Samuel prepares the Report. Grant Samuel does not accept instructions from retail clients. Grant Samuel provides no financial services directly to retail clients and
receives no remuneration from retail clients for financial services. Grant Samuel does not provide any personal retail financial product advice to retail investors nor does it provide market-related advice to retail investors. When providing Reports, Grant Samuel’s client is the Entity to which it provides the Report. Grant Samuel receives its remuneration from the Entity. In respect of the Report for South32 Limited (“South32”) in relation to the proposed sale of the Aluminium Business to Alcoa Corporation (“the South32 Report”), Grant Samuel will receive a fixed fee of $1,100,000 plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket  expenses for the preparation of the Report (as stated in Section 10.3 of the South32 Report). No related body corporate of Grant Samuel, or any of the directors or employees
of Grant Samuel or of any of those related bodies or any associate receives any remuneration or other benefit attributable to the preparation and provision of the South32 Report. Grant Samuel is required to be independent of th

---

t) 113 361 Assets held for sale (net) 42 -Other assets and deferred income (net) 53 53 Total funds employed 8,654 9,052 Cash and deposits 1,677 2,134 Borrowings (761) (724) Lease liabilities (713) (748) Net
cash (including lease liabilities) 203 662 Net assets 8,857 9,714 Outside equity interests (12) (14) Equity attributable to South32 shareholders 8,845 9,700 STATISTICS Shares on issue at period end (million) (net of treasury shares) 4,494 4,481 Net assets per share 1.97 2.17 NTA per share 1.93 2.12 Gearing27 (borrowings only) 7.9% 6.9% Source: South32 and Grant Samuel analysis Due to the capital intensive nature of South32’s operations, the majority of its capital is deployed in long term fixed assets, including: property, plant and equipment, which represent South32’s investment in mine properties and development and associated plant and equipment (e.g. refineries, smelters, etc.) as well as lease assets; and mineral assets, which comprise capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure,
acquired mineral rights and development expenditure for operating assets. Provisions principally related to closure and mine rehabilitation obligations (e.g. facility decommissioning, dismantling and removal/treatment of waste materials). Estimates are regularly updated and reflect the present value of anticipated cost required to settle any outstanding obligations. The vast majority of the closure and rehabilitation provisions relate to the Aluminium Business (total of around $1.1 billion 27 Gearing is borrowings (excl. lease liabilities) divided by net assets plus net borrowings (excl. lease liabilities). 32
GRANT SAMUEL excluding MRN), with Worsley Alumina accounting for around $780 million and Hillside Aluminium accounting for over $250 million (inclusive of Bayside aluminium smelter). The group’s financial position also reflects the various investments it has in its underlying operating and development assets. In some cases, the assets are jointly owned and therefore only the proportional share of the assets and liabilities are included. In other cases, the investments are equity accounted (around $600 million) and South32 may also extend shareholder loans to fund these investments (over $1.9 billion, namely to Australia Manganese, South Africa Manganese and Sierra Gorda). In the case of MRN, the carrying value of the group’s interest as at 30 June 2026 was nil. South32 has also
recognised a financial liability in relation to a contingent cash payment (up to $30 million depending on the future development of the mine) that it may be required to pay Alcoa as part of its acquisition of an 18.2% interest in MRN. The group has a robust (if not conservative) balance sheet. As at 30 June 2026, it had a net cash position and relatively low gross gearing (under 10%). Group borrowings comprise $700 million of U.S. debt capital market bonds that are due to mature in 2032 as well as undrawn $1.4 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility maturing in December 2028. South32 has an investment grade credit rating of BBB+ (from S&P) and Baa1 (from Moody’s). Following the announcement of the Proposed Disposal, both agencies announced that they were monitoring the
group’s credit rating for a possible downgrade. 4.4 Other Matters Taxation Position Under the Australian tax consolidation regime, South32 and its wholly owned Australian resident entities have elected to be taxed as a single entity. Members of the group have entered into tax sharing and tax funding agreements with South32 (as the head entity of the consolidated tax group), which govern certain aspects of the operation of the group. As at 30 June 2026, South32 had carried forward income tax losses of approximately $910 million (tax effected), of which $80 million were recognised in the balance sheet. As at 30 June 2026, South32 had $667 million of accumulated franking credits. Capital Structure As at 31 July 2026, South32 has the following securities on issue: 4,486,485,738 ordinary shares; and
44,832,391 share rights over unissued ordinary shares. South32 operates certain short term and long term incentive plans which allow certain eligible senior executives and employees to receive share rights if certain performance objectives (and other vesting thresholds) are met. Share rights have no dividend entitlements or voting rights. However, each share right entitles the participant to receive one South32 ordinary share at a future time for nil consideration subject to achievement of performance hurdles, service conditions and vesting periods. Ownership As at 31 July 2026, there were over 210,000 registered shareholders in South32. The top 20 shareholders accounted for around 40% of the ordinary shares on issue: South32 has received notices from the following substantial shareholders: 33
GRANT SAMUEL ¦ ¦ ¦ SOUTH32 - SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS SHAREHOLDER DATE OF NOTICE NUMBER OF SHARES PERCENTAGE28 State Street Corporation 16 June 2026 368,445,878 8.21% AustralianSuper Pty Ltd 29 January 2026 323,022,923 7.20% BlackRock Group 8 December 2021 318,403,413 6.84% Vanguard Group 31 January 2024 276,360,221 6.10% Source: South32 4.5 Share Price Performance Background South32’s primary listing is on the ASX and it maintains secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. It is also listed on the London Stock Exchange and has American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) that are traded over the counter in the U.S. While South32 shares are listed on multiple exchanges, the ASX is where the vast majority of trading of South32 shares occurs. Accordingly, this section covers only the share
price performance of South32 shares on the ASX. Share Price History The chart below illustrates the movement in the South32 share price and trading volumes since 1 January 2021: SOUTH32 - SHARE PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME 1 JANUARY 2021 TO 31 AUGUST 2026 $6.00 90 80 $5.00 70 $4.00 60 50 Volume Price $3.00 Announcement of 40 the Proposed $2.00 Disposal 30 (millions) 20 $1.00 10 $0.00 -Jan-2021  Jan 2022 Jan-2023  Jan-2024  Jan-2025  Jan-2026  -Volumes (millions) Share price ($) Source: IRESS The volatility in South32’s share price l

---

f up to 32 years (through to 2046 assuming the seven-year extension option is exercised). The balance also includes other lease liabilities, external borrowings (e.g. bank loans) and the proportional share of net debt from MRN; and closure and rehabilitation provisions (excluding share of MRN liabilities) of around $1.1 billion (based on the latest estimate as at 30 June 2026), which represents around 70% of the group’s total closure and rehabilitation provisions. The majority is in relation to Worsley Alumina (around $780million, proportionate share), with the
remainder split between Hillside Aluminium (over $250 million, inclusive of the Bayside aluminium smelter) and the Brazilian assets. 52
6 Valuation of the Aluminium Business 6.1 Summary Grant Samuel has valued the Aluminium Business in the range $4.5-5.0 billion.  The valuation is summarised below: THE ALUMINIUM BUSINESS - VALUATION SUMMARY ($ MILLIONS) REPORT VALUE RANGE SECTION REFERENCE LOW HIGH 86% interest in Worsley Alumina 6.4.2 1,376 1,548 100% interest in Hillside Aluminium 6.4.3 1,900 2,100 Brazil aluminium value chain 6.4.4 1,250 1,400 Enterprise value 4,526 5,048 The valuation represents the estimated full underlying value of the Aluminium Business assuming 100% of the business was available to be acquired and includes a premium for control. The value of the Aluminium Business reflects the proportional share of its value in each of the underlying assets. The principal approach to valuing the
production assets of the Aluminium Business was by DCF analysis (including consideration of the NPV outcomes of various DCF scenarios), with multiples analysis (earnings and capacity) used as a cross check. As the Aluminium Business operates a vertically integrated model of bauxite mines and alumina refineries, the cash flows depend on a number of key operating assumptions, including commodity prices (alumina and aluminium), bauxite production costs, alumina refining costs (such as energy and caustic soda) and smelting costs (including energy and other inputs) as well as economic lives. In the case of: Worsley Alumina, the cash flow forecasts took into account bauxite production scenarios developed in conjunction with, and reflecting the technical judgements of, the independent
technical specialist, AMC. Technical valuation assumptions (e.g. production throughput, alumina grades as well as operating and capital costs) for each scenario were reviewed in detail, and estimated, by AMC; and the Brazil assets, the cash flow forecasts also took into account various bauxite production scenarios that were reviewed by AMC, which undertook a desktop review of the mining assumptions, with a particular focus on the sustainability of the forecast bauxite production levels over the projection period (see Section 2.4). The Aluminium Business has been valued as at 31 March 2026. The DCF models take into account projected cash flows from 1 July 2026 and have been discounted to calculate the NPVs as at the valuation date of 31 March 2026. An adjustment for the actual free cash
flows generated by the entities that comprise the Aluminium Business between 1 April 2026 and 30 June 2026 (including marketing margin attributable to the group) has also been included. The valuation of the Aluminium Business is fundamentally dependent on Grant Samuel’s judgements as to key assumptions adopted for valuation purposes, including as to: appropriate alumina and aluminium prices. The correlation between aluminium and alumina prices has been outside historical norms in recent months, with aluminium prices at historically high levels and alumina prices at subdued levels. The earnings profile of the Aluminium Business over the last five years has highlighted the extent to which its financial performance is correlated with prices for these two products and the relationship
between them. In this context, the commodity price assumptions adopted are premised on a reversion towards historical norms (but not completely); and the operating lives for each of the assets, which can be affected by a number of variables such as a further bauxite mine expansions, potential step-change in bauxite ore quality, ability to secure power 53
supply agreements and, in general, the technical lives of these assets (all of which were originally commissioned several decades ago). The valuation of the Aluminium Business was prepared in this context, noting that the value of its assets is highly sensitive to relatively small changes in assumptions as to future alumina and aluminium prices. As a result, a wide range of values could reasonably be estimated and valuations of such assets is inevitably highly subjective (as is evident from broker valuations of the assets). The valuation is on an “as is” basis. In other words, it assesses the business as it is operated today and as it is planned to be operated by South32. For example, it assumes that the South32 emissions policies (e.g. net zero and other related targets) will be applied
even though a theoretical acquirer could choose to apply a different framework or adopt different standards. The valuation excludes synergies that are unique to Alcoa (estimated by Alcoa to have an NPV of $900 million). No allowance for other synergies that could be saved by any acquirer have been made as none were identified in the analysis (as the Aluminium Business does not incur a share of South32’s listed company costs and other pure corporate overheads). However, completion of the Proposed Disposal unlocks certain opportunities for South32 to simplify its operating model and cost structure that can generate cost savings from reduction in overheads (of around $125 million per annum). These potential savings have also been excluded from the analysis but considered more holistically as
part of the evaluation of the Proposed Disposal (see Section 9.4). Grant Samuel’s valuation of the Aluminium Business implies the following valuation parameters: THE ALUMINIUM BUSINESS - IMPLIED VALUATION PARAMETERS VARIABLE RANGE OF PARAMETERS ($ MILLIONS) LOW HIGH Multiple of EBITDA FY25 underlying EBITDA (actual) 1,140 4.0x 4.4x FY26 un

---

by aggregating the estimated market value of its portfolio of refinery and smelting business operations. No adjustment has been made for net external borrowings as the valuation was prepared on an enterprise
value basis. The valuation of the Aluminium Business’s operations has been estimated on the basis of fair market value, defined as the maximum price that could be realised in an open market over a reasonable period of time given current market conditions and currently available information, assuming that potential buyers have full information. There are four primary methodologies commonly used for valuing operating businesses: capitalisation of earnings or cash flow; DCF analysis; industry rules of thumb (e.g. dollars per tonne of production capacity); and estimation of the aggregate proceeds from an orderly realisation of assets. Each of these valuation methodologies has application in different circumstances. The primary criterion for determining which methodology is appropriate
is the actual practice adopted by purchasers of the type of business involved. Grant Samuel’s primary approach to the valuation of the Aluminium Business has been application of the DCF methodology. The DCF methodology involves the calculation of NPVs by discounting expected future cash flows. Projected cash flows are discounted to a present value using discount rates that take into account the time value of money and risks associated with the cash flows. The DCF methodology is particularly appropriate for the refinery and smelter assets held by the Aluminium Business, a number of which have been operational for several decades and have finite operating lives (absent significant capital expenditure to extend operating lives beyond what is already planned). Alternative valuation methodologies
have been considered as a cross check of the valuation of the underlying assets of the Aluminium Business. In particular, the valuation has been reviewed in terms of earnings multiples as well as capacity multiples relative to comparable listed companies and comparable transactions. These alternative approaches to valuation are useful in determining the reasonableness of a DCF valuation since the DCF valuation is typically highly sensitive to some of the key operating assumptions 55
adopted (e.g. commodity prices). However, reliance on these alternative valuation methodologies should be treated with caution. While industry “rules of thumb” such as capacity multiples are commonly referenced by market commentators, these multiples have significant shortcomings that mean that they are not a reliable basis for determining value. At best, they provide “comfort” that values are in the right “ballpark” (or require investigation to explain any variation). It should also be noted that where earnings multiples from comparable transactions represent primary valuation evidence, adding synergies to earnings or making a further multiple adjustment for synergies would potentially result in “double counting” value as the multiples from the comparable transactions are
usually based on “standalone” earnings (either reported or forecast) and the value of synergies is therefore reflected in the multiple (i.e. the transaction multiple would be lower if based on earnings including synergy benefits). General Considerations The valuation of the Aluminium Business represents Grant Samuel’s overall judgement as to value. It does not rely on any one particular scenario or set of economic assumptions. The valuation has been determined having regard to the sensitivity of the DCF analysis to a range of technical and economic assumptions. The valuation is based on a number of important assumptions, including assumptions regarding future commodity prices, exchange rates, operating parameters and economic lives. Commodity prices, exchange rates and expectations
regarding future operating parameters can change significantly over short periods of time. Such changes can have significant impacts on underlying value. Specifically, the NPV is extremely sensitive to commodity price assumptions. A $10/t change in alumina prices in isolation would impact EBITDA by around $35 million (and NPV by more than $250 million) and a $100/t change in aluminium prices in isolation would impact EBITDA by around $90 million (and NPV by more than $450-500  million). The relatively smaller impact from changes in alumina prices is due to the vertically integrated nature of the business where alumina is both a revenue driver and cost input. Accordingly, while Grant Samuel’s valuation of the Aluminium Business is believed to be appropriate for the purpose of
assessing the Proposed Disposal, it may not be appropriate for other purposes or in the context of changed economic circumstances or different operational prospects for the Aluminium Business. Many of the assumptions underpinning the valuation (e.g. commodity prices) could plausibly fall in relatively wide ranges (certainly wider than those adopted in the DCF analysis). However, that would result in a value range that was so wide as to be of little value to shareholders in making a decision about the Proposed Disposal. Accordingly, Grant Samuel has utilised narrower ranges for its assumptions. 6.3 Approach for the Aluminium Business DCF Analysis OVERVIEW The DCF models developed by Grant Samuel uses the Financial Models provided by South32 as a framework. Separate DCF models were
prepared for each of the key assets, namely Worsley Alumina, Hillside Aluminium and the Brazil assets (as a whole). Grant Samuel has developed a number of scenarios based on broad assumptions in relation to production volumes, commodity prices, production costs, capital expenditure and economic lives. Alumina production costs are based on a number of inputs, including energy costs, caustic soda costs and bauxite production costs. On the other hand, aluminium production costs are based on power supply costs, alumina costs (typically based on the index) and other input costs. AMC reviewed the technical assumptions in the model related to bauxite production and costs. The DCF model projects nominal after tax

---

the price of Alcoa Shares and Alcoa CDIs); business strategy risks; available capital and credit-related risks; cybersecurity risks; and labour- and pension-related risks. Annexure B 62 Transaction Explanatory Memorandum (b) Risks Related to Completion of the Proposed Transaction Alcoa may not realise the intended benefits of the Proposed Transaction, and integration may disrupt Alcoa’s current
plans or operations. Following Completion, through the Consideration Shares, South32 Shareholders will also continue to be exposed to the existing risks relating to the Sale Business that they are currently exposed to through an investment in South32. The issuance of shares of Alcoa Shares dilutes the ownership position of the Alcoa’s existing stockholders and the price of Alcoa Shares and Alcoa CDIs may be affected. Financing the Proposed Transaction may require substantial indebtedness, and permanent financing may not be available on favourable terms, which will increase available capital and credit-related risks. Following the completion of the Proposed Transaction, Alcoa’s exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will be increased. (c) General business risks 8.7 Other risks
(a) Reputational risks South32’s reputation and its relationships with its stakeholders, including its employees, communities, government bodies and regulators, customers, suppliers, investors and non-governmental  organisations, are important to maintaining its social licence to operate. The Proposed Transaction, and the process of separating the Sale Business from the remainder of the South32 Group, may give rise to reputational risks for South32, including in connection with the treatment of employees who transfer to Alcoa as part of the Proposed Transaction, the management of community relationships and rehabilitation and closure obligations, and the way in which South32 engages with stakeholders regarding the rationale for, and consequences of, the Proposed Transaction. Any actual or
perceived mishandling of these matters, negative publicity, or opposition from stakeholders may damage South32’s reputation. Reputational damage may, in turn, adversely impact South32’s relationships with its remaining stakeholders, its ability to attract and retain talented employees and its social licence to operate its retained business, each of which may have an adverse effect on South32’s business, operations, financial performance and the value of South32 Shares. (b) Taxation risks The taxation consequences of the Proposed Transaction for South32 and Shareholders, including in relation to the Dividend Distribution and the receipt of Consideration Shares, are complex and depend on each Shareholder’s individual circumstances. Shareholders should refer to Section 9 of this Transaction
Explanatory Memorandum for a general guide to the taxation consequences of the Proposed Transaction and should seek their own independent taxation advice having regard to their particular circumstances. (c) General economic, market and geopolitical conditions South32’s operating and financial performance, and the market price of South32 Shares (and, following Completion, any Alcoa Shares or Alcoa CDIs held by Eligible Shareholders and South32 (as applicable)), may be adversely affected by general economic, financial market, political and geopolitical conditions that are outside of South32’s control. These include fluctuations in commodity prices, exchange rates and interest rates, changes in international trade policy (including tariffs), inflation, and broader global economic uncertainty.
Any deterioration in these conditions prior to, or following, Completion may adversely affect the value of the Consideration Shares received by Eligible Shareholders and South32 (as applicable) under the Proposed Transaction, the trading price of South32 Shares, and South32’s ability to execute its strategy following Completion.
- hold their South32 Shares (or will hold their New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs) on revenue account, which will generally be the case for South32 Shareholders who use their South32 Shares (or who will use their New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs) for the purposes of speculation, on-sale  at a profit or a business of dealing in securities (for example, as trading stock); - acquired their South32 Shares, or will acquire their New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs, pursuant to an employee share, option or rights plan; - may be subject to special tax rules, including financial institutions, insurance companies, partnerships (or South32 Shareholders who are partners of partnerships), superannuation funds (except where expressly stated), tax exempt organisations, trusts, South32 Shareholders who are
beneficiaries of trusts, dual or temporary residents, or persons or entities that change their residence while holding South32 Shares (or New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs); - hold South32 Shares that are pre-CGT  assets; - are Australian residents who hold their South32 Shares, or will hold their New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs, as part of an enterprise carried on at or through a permanent establishment in a foreign country; or - are subject to the “taxation of financial arrangements” rules in Division 230 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) in relation to gains and losses on their South32 Shares (and on their New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs). It is noted that Division 230 will generally not apply to the financial arrangements of individuals, unless an election has been made for
those rules to apply. Annexure B 63 Transaction Explanatory Memorandum 9. TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS 9.1 Australian taxation (a) Australian taxation outline This Section 9.1 provides a general description of the material Australian income tax, GST and stamp duty consequences of the Proposed Transaction. It does not constitute tax advice and should not be relied upon as such. The description below is based upon the Australian law and administrative practice in effect at the date of this Transaction Explanatory Memorandum. It is general in nature and does not purport to be a complete analysis of the potent

---

hem and who will hold the New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs as investments (other than in
an individual savings account or a self-invested personal pension). It does not address the U.K. tax consequences which may be relevant to certain classes of U.K. tax resident shareholders such as traders, brokers, dealers, banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, investment companies, collective investment schemes, tax-exempt  organisations, trustees, persons connected with Alcoa, persons holding the New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs as part of hedging or conversion transactions, shareholders who have (or are deemed to have) acquired the New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs by virtue of an office or employment, and shareholders who are or have been officers or employees of South32 or Alcoa. The statements do not apply to any shareholder who either directly or indirectly holds or
controls 10% or more of South32’s share capital (or class thereof), voting power or profits. The following is intended only as a general guide and is not intended to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective subscriber for, or purchaser of, the New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs. Accordingly, any South32 Shareholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position regarding the ownership or disposition of the New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs or who are subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should consult their own tax advisers. (b) Receipt of the Dividend Distribution and acquisition of New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs The Dividend Distribution is not expected to give rise to a disposal of your South32 Shares nor a reduction
in the existing cost base in those shares. For U.K. income tax purposes, the market value of the Dividend Distribution should form part of your total income for income tax purposes. For U.K. corporation tax purposes, if you are a “small company” (for the purposes of U.K. taxation of dividends) you will not generally be subject to tax on the Dividend Distribution received from South32. Other South32 Shareholders within the charge to U.K. corporation tax will not be subject to tax on the Dividend Distribution so long as the in-specie  dividend falls within an exempt class and certain other conditions are met. (i) United Kingdom Stamp duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) The statements in this paragraph are intended as a general guide to the current position relating to stamp duty and SDRT
and apply to any South32 Shareholder irrespective of their place of tax residence. It is written on the basis that HMRC regards the DTC as a clearance service for the purposes of U.K. stamp duty and SDRT and assumes that no applicable election under section 97A(1) of the Finance Act 1986 has been made. The summary also assumes that all South32 Shareholders who receive New Alcoa Shares will hold their shares directly through the clearance service facilities of DTC. Certain categories of person, including intermediaries, brokers, dealers and persons connected with depositary receipt arrangements and clearance services, may not be liable to stamp duty or SDRT or may be liable at a higher rate or may, although not primarily liable for the tax, be required to notify and account for it under the
U.K. Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations 1986. South32 Shareholders who are in any doubt about their tax position are strongly recommended to consult their own professional advisers.
An individual shareholder who is resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom may, depending on his or her particular circumstances, be subject to U.K. tax on dividends received from Alcoa. All dividends received by a U.K. tax resident shareholder from Alcoa will form part of the individual’s total income for income tax purposes and, subject to any applicable dividend allowance, will constitute the top slice of that income. A nil rate of income tax will apply to the first £500 (for tax year 2026/2027) of taxable dividend income received by the shareholder in a tax year (the “dividend allowance”). Income within the dividend allowance will be taken into account in determining whether income in excess of the dividend allowance falls within the basic rate, higher rate or additional rate tax
bands. For tax year 2026/2027, dividend income in excess of the dividend allowance will be taxed at 10.75% to the extent that the excess amount falls within the basic rate tax band, 35.75% to the extent that the excess amount falls within the higher rate tax band and 39.35% to the extent that the excess amount falls within the additional rate tax band. Corporate South32 Shareholders who are resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom should not be subject to U.K. corporation tax on any dividend received from Alcoa so long as the dividends qualify for exemption (as is likely) and certain conditions are met (including anti-avoidance conditions). If the conditions for exemption are not met or cease to be satisfied, or such shareholder elects for an otherwise exempt dividend to be taxable,
the shareholder will be subject to U.K. corporation tax on dividends received from Alcoa, at the rate of corporation tax applicable to that shareholder (the main rate of U.K. corporation tax is currently 25% for financial year 2026/2027 and is expected to remain at that level in financial year 2027/2028). Annexure B 71 Transaction Explanatory Memorandum Receipt of Dividend Distribution in the form of New Alcoa Shares No stamp duty or SDRT should be required to be paid on a paperless transfer of shares through the clearance service facilities of DTC provided there is no written instrument of transfer or, in the case where there is an instrument of transfer, that it is executed outside the United Kingdom. (c) Dividends on New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs This Section applies to dividends
that may be payable by Alcoa in respect of New Alcoa Shares and New Alcoa CDIs as distinct from the Dividend Distribution payable by South32 under which New Alcoa Shares or New Alcoa CDIs will be received by South32 Shareholders if the Proposed Transaction is Compl