Update re Credit Canary Ltd Investment Evolution Credit PLC 27 March 2025 27 March 2025 Investment Evolution Credit plc (" IEC ", the " Company " or the " Group ") Update re Credit Canary Ltd Investment Evolution Credit plc (AQSE: IEC) - 27 March 2025: IEC, a global fintech group specialising in online consumer loans, announces that, further to the announcement on 27 February 2025, it has formally withdrawn its proposed offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of Credit Canary Ltd (" Credit Canary "). Both IEC and Credit Canary, a UK incorporated private limited company that specialises in AI and software development and provides AI consumer credit services, have agreed to continue discussions regarding potential strategic and commercial collaborations between the companies. The directors of IEC and Credit Canary believe that it is mutually beneficial to remain as separate and independent organisations and work together to pursue common objectives. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Investment Evolution Credit plc Paul Mathieson, Chief Executive Officer iecenquiries@investmentevolution.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (IEC AQSE Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (IEC Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering Jessica Cave +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Professional and institutional investors can contact Oberon Capital on corporatesales@oberoninvestments.com For more information please visit: www.investmentevolution.com /investors About IEC IEC is an AI driven, consumer finance fintech innovator with a mission to rehabilitate borrowers through better technology and fairer products. IEC is an experienced regulated licensed lender under the consumer brand Mr. Amazing Loans in the United States with state consumer lending licenses/certificates of authority in the six states of California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Nevada and New Jersey and an established track-record of regulatory compliance for over 14 years. IEC plans to expand its United States lending model to the United Kingdom market in 2025 by providing £2,000 to £10,000 online personal loans with fixed affordable repayments, subject to the successful acquisition of an existing UK FCA licensed consumer lender. IEC also plans to expand its business to providing AI consumer credit services globally through the acquisition of existing AI businesses. Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and