BETA Close X Amazing AI plc, via its subsidiary Amazing AI Services Ltd, has initiated its Digital Asset Treasury with an initial purchase of Bitcoin, representing a low four-figure USD exposure. The company plans to dollar-cost average its position and expand its holdings to include Ethereum, XRP, and Solana before the end of December 2025. AAI is also considering adding a fifth digital asset, potentially a gold-backed one, to diversify its portfolio. The company intends to increase its overall exposure to digital assets through further acquisitions, while maintaining focus on its core business. Disclaimer* Amazing AI PLC 03 November 2025 3 November 2025 Amazing AI plc (" AAI ", the " Company " or the " Group ") Digital Asset Treasury Initial Purchase Amazing AI plc (AQSE: AAI) - 3 November 2025: AAI is a global fintech group with a Digital Asset Treasury Policy that provides online consumer loans and AI finance-related services. AAI announces that, via its 100% owned Mauritius subsidiary Amazing AI Services Ltd, it has made its initial, small and non-material purchase of digital assets within its Digital Asset Treasury as part of a strategic implementation test. AAI's Digital Asset Treasury has been initiated with a low four-figure USD exposure to Bitcoin. The Company intends to rapidly dollar-cost average its position and add Ethereum, XRP and Solana exposure before the end of December 2025. The Company is evaluating alternatives for the fifth digital asset to add to its diversified portfolio, including potential exposure to a gold-backed digital asset. AAI plans to increase its exposure to digital assets within its Digital Asset Treasury through additional purchases, while maintaining its proportionate core business focused on online consumer loans and AI finance-related services business, and by actively seeking acquisition opportunities in the digital asset treasury sector. The Company believes that there will soon be significant consolidation amongst the weaker players in the digital asset treasury sector who do not have proportionate and attractive core businesses. Paul Mathieson, CEO of Amazing AI plc said, "We are excited to have made our initial purchase in our Digital Asset Treasury. We believe that AAI's strategy is Digital Asset Treasury 3.0, aiming to provide greater upside whilst insulating Amazing AI from downside exposure across a diversified basket of leading digital assets. By being patient and strategic we have avoided the recent significant price correction in digital assets." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of this announcement. Enquiries: Amazing AI plc Paul Mathieson - Chief Executive Officer aai@amazingaiplc.com Cairn Financial Advisers LLP (Corporate Adviser) Ludovico Lazzaretti +44 (0) 20 7213 0880 Jo Turner Oberon Capital (Corporate Broker) Adam Pollock Nick Lovering Aimee McCusker +44 (0) 203 179 5300 Professional/institutional investors can contact Oberon Capital on corporatesales@oberoninvestments.com About Amazing AI plc Amazing AI plc (AAI) is a global fintech group with a diversified Digital Asset Treasury Policy, that provides online consumer loans and AI finance-related services. AAI leverages its regulated licensed lending and collections operations, experience and network to distribute best-of-breed AI finance-related services internationally, specifically focused on lending, collections and debt financing services. AAI operates under the consumer brand Mr. Amazing Loans in the United States with 6 state consumer lending licenses/certificates of authority and an established track-record of lending, collections and regulatory compliance for over 15 years. For more information please visit: www.amazingaiplc.com and www.aquis.eu/companies/aai Important Notices Amazing AI plc (the "Company"), via its 100% owned Mauritius subsidiary Amazing AI Services Ltd, holds treasury reserves and surplus cash in digital assets. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company considers holding digital assets to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the financial regulator in the UK (the "Financial Conduct Authority" or "FCA") considers investment in digital assets to be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an investment in digital assets, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company consider digital assets to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company's reserves and, accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to digital assets. Such an approach is innovative, and the Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual investors in the Company on the Company's position in this regard. The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA and digital assets are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of digital assets can go down as well as up, and therefore the value of digital asset holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be able to realise any future digital asset exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the Company ascribes to digital asset positions due to these market movements. As digital assets are unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK's Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in digital assets, and in doing so is mindful of the special risks digital assets presents to the Company's financial position. These risks include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of digital assets can be highly volatile, with value dropping as quickly as it can rise. Investors in digital assets must be prepared to lose all money invested in digital assets; (ii) the digital assets market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell digital assets at will. The ability to sell digital assets depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) digital assets are characterised in some quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to theft of holdings or ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view, especially in relation to digital assets. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do their own research before investing. Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Company's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Company only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amazing AI PLC (AAI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and