BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc anticipates reporting FY25 adjusted EBITDA of approximately £0.8m, a significant improvement from the £0.9m adjusted EBITDA loss in FY24. Revenue is expected to be approximately £16.5m, up from £14.8m in the previous year. The company also forecasts a closing net cash position of £2.1m, a turnaround from net borrowings of £0.9m in FY24. This positive outlook is supported by a robust defence order book and opportunities in the UK hydrogen market, with preliminary results expected on Thursday 18 December. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 21 October 2025 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. 21 October 2025 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (the "Company") Trading Update & Notice of FY25 Results Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) is pleased to provide a trading update for the 52 weeks to 27 September 2025 ("FY25"). The Company expects to report FY25 full-year adjusted EBITDA * ahead of market expectations at approximately £0.8m (FY24: adj. EBITDA loss of £0.9m) on revenue of approximately £16.5m (FY24: £14.8m) and a closing net cash ** position of £2.1m (FY24: net borrowings of £0.9m). Strong growth from overseas defence contracts secured in the first half of the year offset lower revenue from UK naval new build contracts nearing completion, with record full-year revenue performances from UK naval Integrity Management deployments and hydrogen contracts. A robust defence order book and significant opportunities in the UK hydrogen market, where the Company is actively engaged with key developers regarding new build contracts for hydrogen storage and transport systems, underpin a positive outlook for further earnings growth in FY26. The Company expects to release its FY25 preliminary results on Thursday 18 December. * Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and other exceptional costs ** Net cash / borrowing is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, and excludes asset finance leases and right of use asset leases Additional Information The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Chris Walters, Chief Executive. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and