Holding(s) in Company Pressure Technologies PLC 05 October 2023 S tandard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS 1a. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares: Pressure Technologies PLC 1b. Please indicate if the issuer is a non-UK issuer (please mark with an "X" if appropriate) Non-UK issuer 2. Reason for the notification (please mark the appropriate box or boxes with an "X") An acquisition or disposal of voting rights X An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments An event changing the breakdown of shares outstanding Other (please specify): 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name Schroders PLC City and country of registered office (if applicable) London , United Kingdom 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) Name City and country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached: 04/10/2023 6. Date on which issuer notified (DD/MM/YYYY): 05/10/2023 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of shares outstanding (total of 8. A) % of shares outstanding through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of shares outstanding held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 19.507484% 19.507484% 7,542,991.00 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 23.561689% 23.561689% 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached v A: Shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of shares outstanding % of shares outstanding Direct Indirect Direct Indirect Equity: GB00B1XFKR57 7,542,991.00 19.507484% SUBTOTAL 8. A 7,542,991.00 19.507484% B 1: Financial Instruments as an entitlement to acquire Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Number shares that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted. % of shares outstanding SUBTOTAL 8. B 1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Physical or cash settlement Number of shares % of shares outstanding SUBTOTAL 8.B.2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please mark the applicable box with an "X") Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the shares and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity (please add additional rows as necessary) X Name % of shares outstanding if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of shares outstanding through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Schroders PLC Schroder Administration Limited Schroder International Holdings Limited Schroder Investment Management Limited 19.507484 19.507484 10. Additional information Place of completion London Date of completion 05/10/2023 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Schroders (SDR) Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and