2024 Full-Year Results Pressure Technologies PLC 05 February 2025 5 February 2025 Pressure Technologies plc ("Pressure Technologies" or "the Company" or "the Group") 2024 Full-Year Results Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, is pleased to announce its audited results for the 52 weeks to 28 September 2024 ("FY24"). The audited Annual Report and Financial Statements will be published on the Company's website today. The operating divisions of the Group during this period were Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC") and Precision Machined Components ("PMC"). Following the end of FY24, the sale of the PMC division was completed, a significant strategic milestone for the Group. The results of the PMC division have been treated as a discontinued operation in the FY24 Statement of Comprehensive Income with continuing operations representing the ongoing CSC division and Group central costs. Pro forma financial results (combined continuing and discontinued operations) ● Group revenue of £31.9 million (2023: £32.0 million) ● Gross profit down 17% to £7.5 million at 23% margin (2023: £8.9 million at 28% margin) ● Adjusted EBITDA 1 of £0.6 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £2.1 million) ● Adjusted operating loss 2 of £0.9 million (2023: Adjusted profit of £0.6 million) ● Reported loss before tax of £2.3 million (2023: loss of £1.1 million) ● Reported basic loss per share of 6.3p (2023: loss per share of 1.8p); Adjusted basic loss per share 3 of 4.5p (2023: earnings per share of 0.8p) ● Net debt 4 of £1.4 million (2023: £2.4 million); Net borrowings, excluding asset finance lease liabilities and right of use asset lease liabilities of £0.9 million (2023: £nil) Financial results (statutory - continuing operations) ● Group revenue decreased 28% to £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) ● Gross profit down 47% to £3.7 million at 25% margin (2023: £7.0 million at 34% margin) ● Adjusted EBITDA 1 loss of £0.9 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA profit of £2.0 million) ● Adjusted operating loss 2 of £1.7 million (2023: Adjusted profit of £1.2 million) ● Reported loss before tax of £2.7 million (2023: loss of £0.3 million) ● Reported basic loss per share of 6.1p (2023: loss per share of 0.1p); Adjusted basic loss per share 3 of 4.7p (2023: earnings per share of 2.4p) ● Net debt 4 of £1.4 million (2023: £1.0 million); Net borrowings, excluding asset finance lease liabilities and right of use asset lease liabilities, of £0.9 million (2023: £0.2 million) 1 Adjusted EBITDA is earnings / loss before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and other exceptional costs 2 Adjusted operating profit / loss is operating profit/loss before amortisation and other exceptional costs 3 Adjusted basic earnings / loss per share is reported earnings per share before amortisation and other exceptional costs 4 Net debt comprises cash and cash equivalents, bank borrowings, asset finance lease liabilities and right of use asset lease liabilities and excludes net debt of PMC (asset held for sale) Group highlights ● The Group refinanced debt facilities with Lloyds Bank in November 2023 by arranging a new term loan facility of £1.5 million with major shareholders Rockwood Strategic plc and Peter Gyllenhammar AB ● The sale of PMC completed in October 2024 for an initial enterprise value of £6.2 million and initial cash consideration of £4.8 million. Potential for additional consideration up to £1.5 million based on PMC's FY25 performance. Sale proceeds used to repay the term loan in full ● Trading performance was mixed across the two divisions during the year, with PMC reporting strong financial performance, while CSC was impacted by operational delays and delayed order placement Chesterfield Special Cylinders ● Revenue of £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) was weaker than expected due to delayed order placement and the deferral of defence revenues into FY25 ● Defence revenue of £11.1 million (2023: £17.2 million) was the main driver behind a reduction in gross margin to 25% (2023: 34%), as CSC passed peak activity on high-value UK defence contract milestones ● Hydrogen revenue of £1.7 million (2023: £2.1 million) was lower than expected, reflecting delayed order placement for new contracts now expected in the first half of FY25 ● Operational improvements underpinned throughput of 23 road trailer retesting and recertification (2023: 11 deliveries) and a step change in efficiency and margins, across an expanded customer base ● High-value Integrity Management revenue increased by 60% to £2.4 million (2023: £1.4 million), including revenue from defence customers at £1.9 million (2023: £1.2 million) ● Further growth in Integrity Management revenue expected for UK and European defence deployments in FY25. Additionally, enquiry levels from offshore services customers present steady growth opportunities ● Operational improvements in the Sheffield facility continue to deliver increased capacity and efficiency to support growth plans Precision Machined Components ● Revenue increased 52% to £17.1 million (2023: £11.3 million), delivering an Adjusted EBITDA of £1.5 million (2023: £0.1 million) ● Consistently strong financial and operational performance in much improved market conditions underpinned the successful sale of the division to Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools in October 2024 Strategy and outlook ● Sale of PMC focuses Group on growth and development of CSC, strengthens balance sheet and removes exposure to cyclical oil and gas market ● Group structure aligned to support CSC growth plans, reduced central cost of £0.9 million (FY24: £1.7 million) ● Significant revenue growth expected in FY25, with a return to Adjusted EBITDA profitability for the full year after central costs ● Recent strategically significant order for supplier qualification and delivery to the US naval submarine programme. This key milestone highlights CSC's global credentials and opens new market opportunities ● Recent announcements of UK and European funding for hydrogen projects support potential for sustained growth in hydrogen storage and transportation. Major contract awards anticipated in Q1 and Q2 2025 ● Integrity Management services are well positioned for further strong growth in established defence and emerging hydrogen energy markets ● Ambition demonstrated through clear medium-term financial targets to FY28, based on visible market opportunities and improved operational readiness to support growth ● Rebranding of Pressure Technologies plc as Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc, for approval at the AGM, proudly recognising a pre-eminent history and an exciting outlook for the business Chris Walters, Chief Executive of Pressure Technologies plc, commented: "In a year of significant strategic progress, the sale of our PMC division was a key milestone, focusing the Group on the growth and development of Chesterfield Special Cylinders, strengthening our balance sheet and removing the exposure to cyclical oil and gas markets. With today's backdrop of geopolitical tensions and increasing global defence budgets, the long-term outlook for naval newbuild and refit programmes is strong. As a trusted supplier of safety-critical pressure systems to navies and defence contractors worldwide, we are well positioned to realise high-value revenue growth from these visible long-term UK and overseas newbuild programmes, as evidenced through major contract wins in 2024 and early 2025. After several years of slow development in the hydrogen energy market, a strong commitment from the UK government to ambitious domestic decarbonisation targets has been demonstrated through recent project awards under the Net Zero Hydrogen Fund and Hydrogen Allocation Round funding mechanisms. In the European Union, the Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Regulation is expected to accelerate the rollout of hydrogen refuelling networks across the region. Now developing quickly, the hydrogen energy market presents an exciting growth opportunity for us in the supply and lifecycle support of hydrogen storage systems and road trailers over the next five years, and we expect contract awards for UK and European projects in the first half of 2025, delivering revenues in FY25 and FY26. Our expert Integrity Management services continue to gain momentum in established UK defence markets and are now well positioned for growth across European naval fleets. The offshore services market presents steady growth opportunities over the medium term, while mandatory in-situ and in-factory retesting and recertification of hydrogen storage systems and road trailers presents longer-term prospects as installed fleets expand. With a simplified Group structure, stronger balance sheet and a clear ambition for growth over the medium term, the Board remains focused on positioning the business to maximise shareholder value." For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@pressuretechnologies.co.uk Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION Pressure Technologies plc is based in Sheffield and operates through its wholly owned subsidiary Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC"). For more information on Pressure Technologies, please visit www.pressuretechnologies.com CSC is a market leading designer, manufacturer and supplier of safety-critical, high-pressure containment products and services to a global customer base in the defence, hydrogen energy, oil & gas and industrial markets. For more information on CSC, please visit www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chair's statement Pressure Technologies plc (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") are recognised as market-leading suppliers of safety-critical, high-pressure containment and flow control products and services to an international customer base in defence, energy and industrial markets. This Annual Report & Financial Statements covers the financial year ended 28 September 2024 ("FY24"). The operating divisions of the Group during this period were Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC") and Precision Machined Components ("PMC"). Following the end of FY24, on 8 October 2024, the sale of the PMC division was completed, a significant strategic milestone for the Group. The results of the PMC division have been treated as a discontinued operation in the FY24 Statement of Comprehensive Income with continuing operations representing the ongoing CSC division. On a pro-forma basis, from the combined continuing operations of CSC and discontinued operations of PMC, overall Group revenue was £31.9 million (2023: £32.0 million) and Adjusted EBITDA, post central costs, was £0.6 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £2.1 million). Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings / loss before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and exceptional costs. Sale of PMC PMC was acquired by Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools Private Limited ("Raghu Vamsi"), a manufacturer of specialised precision engineered components based in India, for an initial enterprise value of £6.2 million and initial cash consideration of £4.8 million. The Group is also eligible to receive additional cash consideration of up to £1.5 million from Raghu Vamsi, dependent on the future performance of PMC. The value of any additional cash consideration will be calculated on the basis of the audited Adjusted EBITDA of PMC for the year ending 30 September 2025 and would be payable during the first calendar quarter of 2026. The Board is pleased to have secured a strategic buyer for PMC, with the initial consideration providing good value for the division. We look forward to seeing the continued progress of PMC under Raghu Vamsi's ownership, where plans for its strategic development present exciting opportunities for PMC's customers and employees. The proceeds of the sale strengthened the balance sheet of the Group and facilitated the repayment of its term loan facility. The sale provides the foundation and management focus to deliver on strategic and operational priorities at CSC to support development and growth opportunities in defence and hydrogen energy markets both in the UK and internationally. Chesterfield Special Cylinders (continuing operations) Order intake for CSC was £13.1 million (2023: £24.6 million), primarily driven by UK and overseas defence customers. The CSC order book at the end of the year was £9.5 million (2023: £11.3 million). Revenue from CSC was £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) and Adjusted EBITDA was £0.8 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £3.9 million). The performance of CSC was weaker than expected, driven by delayed defence order placement and the deferral of defence revenues into FY25, lower than expected order intake from the hydrogen energy market, and operational challenges in the year, including unplanned downtime on process-critical equipment in the first quarter. Lower revenue and operational activity were the main drivers of the lower-than-expected profitability. In addition to being the sole supplier of large high pressure storage cylinders to the UK's submarine and surface ship programmes, CSC is the established long-term supplier to the French submarine constructor, Naval Group, for both their domestic and export programmes. In March 2024 CSC secured the order for pressure vessels for the first phase of the Royal Australian Navy's Hunter class frigate programme and in October 2024 the order for the first phase of the Royal Canadian Navy's River class destroyer programme. CSC is pursuing other similar overseas opportunities and most significantly we have just announced an order from General Dynamics Electric Boat (GDEB) to supply the US Navy's submarine construction programme. CSC's Integrity Management services business performed well in the year. Revenue from these periodic inspection, testing and recertification services was £2.4 million (2023: £1.4 million), driven by UK defence deployments. Further strong progress is expected for Integrity Management services in FY25 for UK and overseas deployments. The emerging market for hydrogen storage and transportation presents a growth opportunity over the longer term and CSC remains well positioned. However, order placement by established and new customers was slower than expected during FY24 due in large part to the delay in confirmation of UK government funding for initial major projects due to the general election. As part of its 2024 Autumn budget, the new UK government confirmed over £2 billion in funding for eleven green hydrogen production projects of up to 125MW capacity under the first Hydrogen Allocation Round (HAR1). These projects will be among the first commercial-scale green hydrogen projects anywhere in the world. Together with the 875MW HAR2 programme currently open for applications and the Net Zero Hydrogen Fund (NZHF) Strands 1 and 2 confirmed in February 2024, these domestic projects present significant opportunities for CSC over the next five years. CSC expects to secure a major contract for large-scale static hydrogen storage under NZHF Strand 2 funding in the first quarter of 2025 and a further major contract under HAR1 funding in the second quarter of 2025. We are also bidding to supply storage systems for several European hydrogen refuelling station projects, where we anticipate an order in the first quarter of 2025. The market outlook for periodic inspection, testing and recertification of hydrogen storage systems and road trailers remains strong over the medium and longer term and CSC is well established and positioned for growth with existing and potential new customers. Precision Machined Components (discontinued operations) PMC delivered a significant turnaround in performance, reporting revenue of £17.1 million (2023: £11.3 million) and Adjusted EBITDA of £1.5 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £0.1 million). Performance in the year was consistently strong and underpinned the successful sale of the division to Raghu Vamsi in October 2024. The loss for the period from discontinued operations (PMC) was £0.1 million (2023: loss of £0.7 million), giving a Total Group loss for the period of £2.4 million (2023: £0.7 million). Group continuing operations In the FY24 Statement of Comprehensive Income, Group results represent the continuing operations of CSC less Group central costs of £1.7 million (2023: £1.9 million). Revenue from continuing operations was £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) and the Adjusted EBITDA loss was £0.9 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA profit of £2.0 million). The loss for the period from continuing operations was £2.3 million (2023: £nil), exceptional costs of £0.7 million (2023: £1.2 million), finance costs of £0.3 million (2023: £0.3 million), and a tax credit of £0.3 million (2023: £0.3 million). Following the sale of PMC, Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer, stepped down from the Board and left the Group on 31 October 2024, having implemented significant improvements in the Group's financial controls and reporting during his tenure. This executive management change recognises the considerable reduction in the scale and complexity of Group operations following the sale of PMC. Action has been taken to reduce central costs accordingly from £1.7 million to £0.9 million in FY25. On 1 November 2024, the Group announced that Sally Millen had been appointed Director of Finance in a non-Board position. Sally is a Chartered Accountant with over 15 years' experience in senior finance roles and has been Financial Controller for Pressure Technologies since 2022, playing a key role in the implementation of significant improvements to the Group's financial management, controls and reporting. Strategy Recent developments are transformational for the Group; · The sale of PMC removes exposure to the cyclical oil and gas markets and resolves the Group's historic financing and balance sheet challenges · The recent order from GDEB for the US Navy programme significantly augments CSC's potential international and UK defence market · The recent announcements of UK and EU funding for hydrogen projects underpin the potential for sustained growth in hydrogen storage and transportation activity. Major contract awards are anticipated in Q1 and Q2 2025 · The strong growth recorded in our Integrity Management business in FY24 demonstrates the potential for further strong growth in support of known defence and hydrogen opportunities Accordingly, we are today announcing new targets for FY28 as follows; · Deliver revenue over £30 million · Double high-value overseas defence sales to underpin a 40% increase in overall defence sector revenue · Grow hydrogen sales to 30% of total revenue, through new-build static storage and trailer projects · Double Integrity Management service sales through growth in existing UK and new overseas markets · Maintain 30% of revenue from high-value lifecycle support services, including in-situ Integrity Management and factory-based retesting and recertification · Deliver sustainable Adjusted EBITDA Group margins above 12% (CSC above 15% before central costs) Proposed change of Company name Reflecting the recent transformation of the Group, we are also announcing the intention to change the Company name to Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc, with the associated new stock market ticker of "CSC" This change will be subject to shareholder approval at the Company's Annual General Meeting to be held in March 2025. Outlook During FY24, CSC passed the peak of activity on high-value UK defence contract milestones and the revenue profile will transition towards overseas defence programmes and the hydrogen energy market over the medium term, with strong recovery expected in UK defence contracts from FY28. For FY25, the Board anticipates a significant increase in CSC revenue over FY24 levels, albeit with a higher proportion of lower-margin hydrogen related revenue weighted towards the second half of the year reflecting current and anticipated contract wins. This should result in the Group returning to Adjusted EBITDA profitability after central costs for the full year, an important first step towards the achievement of FY28 targets. The Board remains focused on addressing the issue of central costs and positioning the business to maximise shareholder value. Nick Salmon Chair 5 February 2025 Strategic report Overview - Pressure Technologies plc We work in close collaboration with our customers who require unique solutions when developing and manufacturing engineered products and systems for use in harsh operating environments. We continue to build on our unrivalled 120 years of engineering heritage, by hiring and developing highly skilled engineers and operatives who have the creativity and ingenuity required to solve complex design and manufacturing challenges. This differentiates us from competitors, and we are committed to continuously investing in people and technologies to position the company at the forefront of engineering excellence. Chesterfield Special Cylinders (continuing operations) Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC") has over a century of industry knowledge and expertise and is a world-leading supplier of specialised, safety-critical high-pressure gas containment products and services. CSC is one of only five companies globally which can compete for ultra large cylinder contracts to meet the demanding safety and performance standards specified for defence, hydrogen, energy and industrial markets. High-pressure cylinders and storage packages from CSC are a critical component in many end user applications, including several high-pressure systems on naval submarines and surface vessels, safety systems on fighter jets, hydrogen storage and transportation for refuelling and energy supply, air pressure vessels in offshore motion compensation systems, breathing air systems on dive support vessels and bulk storage and transportation of industrial gases. Integrity Management services is a growing part of the CSC business, where safety-critical cylinders cannot be removed for period maintenance and are inspected and certified 'in-situ', minimising operational disruption and increasing system availability. Factory inspection, testing and reconditioning services extend the life of bulk gas storage systems and road trailers to meet demanding safety requirements and mandatory recertification. These services have been built on CSC's unrivalled industry knowledge and OEM experience. All product design and manufacturing work is undertaken at CSC's facility in Sheffield, UK. Integrity Management teams deploy to projects in the UK and overseas, working onshore and offshore. Precision Machined Components (discontinued operations) The Precision Machined Components ("PMC") division manufactures highly specialised components for use in safety-critical subsea and surface flow control applications, serving global oil and gas OEM customers through its Al-Met, Roota Engineering and Martract operations in the UK. The post-Covid recovery in the oil and gas market which benefitted the PMC division during FY23 and FY24. Whilst traditional energy markets will continue to play a key role in funding the transition to clean energy over the medium term, a strategic decision was taken that these markets would not be prioritised for investment. The Board announced in October 2023 its decision to divest the PMC division and launched the sale process in December 2023. In October 2024, following the end of the FY24 financial year, the PMC division was sold to Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools Private Limited, a manufacturer of specialised precision engineered components based in India. Results for PMC have been shown as a discontinued operation. Our purpose, vision and strategy The purpose, vision and strategy of the Group are focused on the future development and growth of Chesterfield Special Cylinders. Our purpose To design, manufacture and support through life products and services that deliver value for customers in three key areas: · Safety - meeting demanding international standards for safety in design and manufacture, enabling customers to meet their safety responsibilities · Performance - innovative and cost-effective designs, delivered on time, enabling customers to meet their operational goals · Assurance - through-life support to maximise system availability and maintain compliance with safety and operational requirements Our vision To be the market leading supplier of gas storage and transportation systems and services to customers who operate globally in demanding, safety-critical environments where the consequences of system failure could be catastrophic. In so doing, we will create value for our customers, our shareholders and other stakeholders. Building on our proud 120-year heritage to develop and grow our brand through the motivation and commitment of our engaged and empowered workforce. By FY28, our target is to: · Deliver revenue over £30 million · Double high-value overseas defence sales to underpin a 40% increase in overall defence sector revenue · Grow hydrogen sales to 30% of total revenue, through new-build static storage and trailer projects · Double Integrity Management service sales through growth in existing UK and new overseas markets · Maintain 30% of revenue from lifecycle support services, including in-situ Integrity Management and factory-based retesting and recertification · Deliver sustainable Adjusted EBITDA Group margins above 12% (CSC before central costs above 15%) Our strategy Following the sale of PMC, the Group's strategy is to focus on CSC and its development and growth in the global defence and hydrogen energy markets. The challenging geopolitical climate, highlighted by the Russia-Ukraine war, widening conflict in the Middle East and tensions elsewhere in the world, is expected to underpin medium-term defence spending commitments and drive growth and investment in defence capabilities for the UK and its major international allies over the longer term. The Board expects this outlook to drive demand for CSC's core products and services over the medium and long term from UK and overseas defence contractors, in support of submarine and surface ship new construction programmes. The transition to clean energy sources by leading global economies over the next two decades is a major geopolitical and economic theme that the Board sees as presenting potential growth opportunities for CSC. Strong support and funding commitments from UK and European governments to clean energy projects, including green hydrogen production is expected to drive demand growth for CSC in hydrogen storage and transportation products and services from FY25. Serving regulated markets where design and operational safety standards for products and services are demanding and governed by mandatory testing and inspection regimes, CSC is well positioned to grow its Integrity Management services for in-situ recertification of pressure systems and its factory reconditioning and recertification services for transportable storage and road trailers. The medium-term strategy of the Group can be summarised as follows: ● FY24: Divest PMC, transition CSC o PMC sale agreed in September 2024, completed in October 2024, shortly after year-end o Deliver existing UK defence contract milestones o Develop relationships further with US, French and other global defence prime contractors o Increase focus on UK hydrogen opportunities, position for government-funded Net Zero Hydrogen Fund Strand 2 and HAR1 projects o Grow and develop Integrity Management services across UK defence market o Increase output, efficiency and margins on factory periodic inspection and testing services o Reorganise and upgrade factory efficiency, workflow and safety focus to enable throughput in hydrogen cylinders, trailers and defence volumes through 2028 and beyond to be accommodated within the existing factory site o Align Group central functions and costs to support the future growth of CSC ● FY25: Reposition CSC, qualify to supply overseas defence programmes, secure UK hydrogen opportunities, grow trailer volumes in both UK and Europe o Use PMC sale proceeds to repay term loan and strengthen CSC balance sheet o Qualify as critical supplier to major US defence contractor and position for new orders o Drive stronger margins from UK and European defence contract milestones o Secure major contracts to supply hydrogen static storage packages to UK NZHF Strand 2, HAR1 and HAR2 projects o Launch competitive hydrogen road trailer products and secure new orders from UK and European customers o Develop European customer relationships to secure hydrogen refuelling station contracts o Invest in Integrity Management resources and skills to support growth in UK and European markets o Secure new Integrity Management contracts for European defence customers ● FY26: Secure UK and overseas defence contracts, expand hydrogen opportunities pipeline, build capability o Secure major UK, US and European defence contracts to support growth from FY27 o Deliver UK Strand 2, HAR1 and HAR2 hydrogen projects, build opportunities pipeline for FY27 and beyond o Secure hydrogen road trailer orders o Deliver Integrity Management contracts for European defence customers and grow opportunities pipeline o Accelerate growth for Integrity Management services in hydrogen energy market o Build operational capability, efficiency and resilience in line with growth in defence and hydrogen markets ● FY27-FY28: Accelerate growth in hydrogen and defence markets, drive profitability and cash o Deliver first US defence contract milestones and secure follow on orders o Drive margin growth from new major defence contracts with UK and European customers o Deliver HAR2 hydrogen projects and build opportunities pipeline o Deliver hydrogen road trailers and build opportunities pipeline o Expand hydrogen energy revenues in the UK and Europe, building on proven capability and market growth o Expand Integrity Management services to international defence customers Markets UK Defence & Global Defence What is happening in the market? Defence spending continues to be driven by the response of Western nations to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, increasing instability in the Middle East and wider geopolitical tension, including the threat to critical subsea assets. Commitments made within NATO to increase defence budgets. In November 2022, the UK government announced that it would maintain the national defence budget of at least 2% of GDP and in 2024 it has allocated 2.3% of GDP. Looking ahead, the government further committed to a defence budget of 2.5% of GDP by 2030. The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) has also confirmed a commitment to maintain its nuclear deterrent while modernising conventional naval assets in the fleet. The SSN-AUKUS submarine programme of nuclear-powered attack submarines to replace the Astute-class is fundamental to the trilateral agreement with the United States and Australia. The programme is already driving investment in skills training and jobs in the UK, with £4 billion committed to the design phase. Global defence-spending has seen a sharp increase during 2024 and is expected to continue growing, with a significant number of naval new construction programmes starting and many more in the design and planning stages. The US, Australia, Canada and France remain committed to long-term investment programmes. The US Columbia-class and Virginia-class programmes are active and already involve the use of UK approved supply chain. What does this mean for us? As a pre-eminent supplier of high-pressure gas storage systems to NATO members and NATO-friendly state navies, CSC has long-term contracts to supply bespoke products and services for conventional and nuclear submarine and surface ship programmes in the UK and overseas. CSC is currently in discussions for future UK and overseas naval contracts which would support manufacturing activity to 2040 and beyond, including the well-publicised SSN-AUKUS programme, for which CSC expects to commence early design and manufacturing stages from 2027. Sole supplier to UK Royal Navy newbuild programmes through prime contractors BAE Systems and Babcock, CSC is also a long-term supplier to French shipbuilder Naval Group for domestic and export newbuild programmes. In January 2025, CSC was awarded a strategically significant contract to supply safety-critical pressure vessels to the US defence prime contractor, General Dynamics Electric Boat (GDEB), the company responsible for the design, construction and lifecycle support of submarines for the US Navy. The contract award covers supplier qualification and the delivery of pressure vessels to GDEB in 2026 and provides a foundation for future growth and development in the US naval defence market, where ongoing nuclear submarine new construction programmes are planned to run through to 2043. Although the phasing of defence project milestones and contract revenues can fluctuate significantly between and within financial years, there is good medium and long-term visibility of vessel construction programmes and planned defence expenditure from navies and their prime contractors. CSC is the principal supplier of inspection and testing services to the UK MoD for through-life cylinder performance and safety management on various classes of nuclear submarine. CSC has current opportunities to supply European navies with these inspection and testing services, typically having been the OEM for onboard pressure systems when the submarines or surface ships were built. Hydrogen energy What is happening in the market? The global hydrogen energy market is developing quickly, underpinned by the potential to support decarbonisation in transport, power and industrial applications. At the end of 2024, more than 1,500 hydrogen projects had been announced globally, with an estimated $680 billion of investment planned through to 2030, according to the J.P. Morgan 2024 Green Economy Outlook. Domestically, Prime Minister. Sir Keir Starmer MP has said "Some nation will be the first to harness hydrogen power. Why not Britain?", and in the November 2024 Budget, Chancellor, Rachel Reeves, guaranteed £5.1 billion in funding for green hydrogen and CCUS projects - the first time any UK Government allocated resources to these sectors in the Red Book. The new Government remains fully committed to its ambitious decarbonisation targets and sees investment and job creation in the low carbon economy as a core route to achieving its Growth Mission. The Labour manifesto also contains commitments to "rebuild supply chains at home" and growing manufacturing in net zero technologies. In this context, it is aiming to increase green hydrogen production to 10GW by 2030, up from the previous administration's 6GW target, and increase levels of UK content used by hydrogen developers and offtakers. The strategic choice made by the UK Government to resolve the 'chicken and egg' challenge of hydrogen is to first stimulate private investment in production of the molecule. This strategy is being delivered via the Net Zero Hydrogen Fund (NZHF) Strands 1 to 4 and Hydrogen Allocation Rounds (HAR), which are attracting global energy companies such as Trafigura, RWE, bp and Marubeni to develop projects in the UK due to the generous terms of the subsidy. Several of the eleven HAR1 are expected to reach FID this year, with the first projects operational in 2026. The Government has also re-committed to publish the shortlist for HAR2 projects (which will total up to 875MW of capacity, up from 125MW in HAR1) soon. The Government have signalled HAR rounds 3-7 will be around 750MW each. In January 2025, the Government demonstrated its long-term commitment to further annual Hydrogen Allocation Rounds across this decade by publishing a consultation on plans to fund the Hydrogen Production Business Model (HPBM) subsidy via a new levy on gas shippers. This is another critical part of building the framework for long-term development of the UK hydrogen market. What does this mean for us? CSC is well positioned to supply products and services to the growing hydrogen market, primarily in the UK and Europe. The development of smaller localised hydrogen refuelling station infrastructure has slowed since 2020, driven by supply chain constraints, a limited supply of green hydrogen and lower than expected demand from the heavy-goods transport sector. The shift to large-scale hydrogen production projects such as those now supported by the UK's NZHF Strands 1 and 2 funding from February 2024 and more recent HAR funding programmes will seek to address green hydrogen supply issues in line with national clean energy targets. Hydrogen production projects will require different types and sizes of pressurised storage and transportation system. CSC is in discussion with UK HAR1 and HAR2 developers where its Type 1 steel cylinders are required for static storage and road trailer applications and remains well positioned to secure projects in early 2025 for delivery later that year and into 2026 and 2027. The first projects under HAR are likely to progress cautiously through 2025 and 2026, as developers take care with the implementation of new technologies and the integration of system components from a wide range of suppliers. CSC hydrogen revenues are expected to be relatively flat through this period driven by the number of UK and European contracts opportunities. Once developers have proven concepts under HAR1, UK demand for storage systems and road trailers is expected to grow strongly from 2027 onwards. Demand for hydrogen tube trailer periodic inspection, testing and recertification increased strongly during 2024, after steady growth in 2023. CSC continues to expand its customer base of gas majors and independent operators in this market, which has been supported by improved operational efficiencies and margins. This area is expected to grow steadily during 2025 due to increasing demand for bulk hydrogen transportation, with CSC being one of very few suppliers of this specialised safety-critical service. A major contract for large-scale storage under NZHF Strand 2 funding is expected in the first quarter of 2025 and a further major contract under HAR1 funding is expected in the second quarter of 2025. We are also bidding to supply storage systems for several European hydrogen refuelling station projects where an order is anticipated in the first quarter of 2025. What is happening in the market? In Europe, the Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Regulation (AFIR) is seeking to accelerate the deployment of hydrogen refuelling networks for heavy-duty vehicles across the region and came into effect from April 2024. Member states are required to install refuelling stations at regular intervals by 2030. Despite these positive developments, the hydrogen energy market has experienced slower-than-expected growth since 2020, in part due to supply chain constraints with electrolysers and gas compression systems and the uncertainty caused by cost inflation challenges that have impacted final investment decisions and the unit price of delivered hydrogen for consumers. What does this mean for us? Over the longer term to 2050 and beyond, large-scale hydrogen transportation is expected to be predominantly by pipeline and some high-density bulk storage may move to liquefied hydrogen, but a demand for pressurised buffer storage and road trailer transportation is expected to remain. While the demand for new pressurised storage and transportation systems may reduce as pipeline infrastructure expands, there will remain a strong market for CSC in the periodic inspection and testing of the installed fleets of cylinders, generating a repeat high-value revenue stream over the longer-term. Industrials What is happening in the market? The market for bulk gas storage and transportation has a diverse customer base, including industrial gas majors, higher education and scientific research bodies, civil nuclear and conventional power plants and specialised applications, including space programmes. What does this mean for us? Specialised new build opportunities for high-volume industrial gas storage are ad hoc and provide strong margin opportunities, while in-situ and factory inspection, testing and reconditioning services have been identified as a moderate growth area for CSC. Offshore services (oil & gas and offshore renewables) What is happening in the market? The market for offshore services includes products and services related to oil and gas exploration, production, and support, as well as offshore renewable energy developments like wind farms. The oil and gas market is characterised by deepwater and ultra-deepwater exploration and production, requiring robust and reliable solutions for operations under extreme conditions. The offshore renewables sector, particularly wind energy, is expanding rapidly. Floating wind turbines and wave energy systems, increasingly supporting green hydrogen production, are key growth areas. Major OEM customers are reporting a positive outlook for UK and European project developments for the foreseeable future. What does this mean for us? These sectors rely on specialised high-pressure gas storage systems. CSC has traditionally played a role in in delivering safety-critical cylinder packages and providing in-situ and factory-based periodic inspection and testing services in this highly regulated market. Applications include: · Motion compensation systems of offshore installations, including the supply of air pressure vessels for new build projects and the provision of spares and periodic inspection services through life. · Diving support systems, including the supply of new safety-critical breathing air storage packages and the periodic inspection, testing and upgrading of installed systems. The demand for Integrity Management services is forecast to increase steadily for diving support vessels, offshore installations and floating cranes over the next few years. Business review Group FY24 was a year of significant strategic progress for the Group. As the sale of the PMC division moved forward positively in the second half of the year and completed in the first week of FY25, a key strategic milestone was delivered. Given the sale of the PMC division subsequent to year end, and this division representing a separate major business line of the Group, it has been treated as a discontinued operation with its results for the current and prior financial periods being separately disclosed as a single line on the face of the Comprehensive Income Statement from the continuing segment of the business. Further details of the trading results of the PMC division for the year have been shown in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Trading performance was mixed across the two divisions during the year. PMC reported strong financial and operational performance in much improved market conditions, as order intake developed consistently throughout the year, supporting the sale process. Performance in CSC was impacted by operational delays and the deferral of defence contract revenues during the first half of the year, while the second half was further impacted by later than anticipated order placement and project delays. For Group continuing operations, revenue was £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) and the Group Adjusted EBITDA loss was £0.9 million (2023: EBITDA profit of £2.0 million), reflecting the results of CSC less Group central costs of £1.7 million (2023: £1.9 million). The loss for the period from continuing operations was £2.3 million (2023: £nil), exceptional costs of £0.7 million (2023: £1.2 million), finance costs of £0.3 million (2023: £0.3 million), and a tax credit of £0.3 million (2023: £0.3 million). The loss for the period from discontinued operations (PMC) was £0.1 million (2023: loss of £0.7 million), giving a Total Group loss for the period of £2.4 million (2023: £0.7 million). The exceptional costs related principally to legal and corporate finance advisory fees relating to the sale of PMC which completed shortly after year end, and arrangement fees for a term loan taken out after the repayment of the revolving credit facility with Lloyds Bank in November 2023. Chesterfield Special Cylinders (continuing operations) £ million 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 14.8 20.7 17.6 18.9 11.2 Defence 11.1 17.2 13.5 11.1 5.1 Hydrogen Energy 1.7 2.1 2.4 2.2 0.2 Oil & Gas 0.4 0.9 1.0 0.3 1.0 Industrial 1.6 0.5 0.7 5.3 4.9 Gross margin 25% 34% 26% 30% 26% Adjusted EBITDA 0.8 3.9 1.1 2.6 0.5 Operating profit / (loss) before amortisation, impairments and exceptional costs ('Adjusted profit / (loss') 0.1 3.1 0.4 2.0 (0.1) Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC") delivered revenue of £14.8 million (2023: £20.7 million) and Adjusted EBITDA of £0.8 million (2023: £3.9 million). The division reported Adjusted operating profit of £0.1 million (2023: £3.1 million). This lower-than-expected performance was driven by the deferral of UK defence contract revenues into future years and by operational delays, including unplanned downtime on process-critical equipment in the first quarter, impacting delivery of finished products across the first half of the year. Second-half performance was impacted by later than expected defence and hydrogen order placement, which are now expected in the first half of FY25. Order intake was £13.1 million (2023: £24.6 million), supporting a year-end order book of £9.5 million (2023: £11.3 million). The significant decrease in defence revenue, down 35% on prior year, was the main driver of the reduction in gross margin to 25% (2023: 34%), as CSC passed the peak of activity on high-value UK defence contract milestones. Demand from UK defence contracts is expected to grow significantly from FY28, driven by the SSN-AUKUS Astute replacement programme. In the meantime, CSC will continue to focus on the delivery of the existing defence order book and remains well positioned for growth in global defence markets from FY27. This positioning was confirmed in January 2025, when CSC was awarded a strategically significant contract to supply safety-critical pressure vessels to the US defence prime contractor, General Dynamics Electric Boat (GDEB), the company responsible for the design, construction and lifecycle support of submarines for the US Navy. The landmark contract award covers supplier qualification and the delivery of pressure vessels to GDEB in 2026 and provides a foundation for future growth and development in the US naval defence market, where ongoing nuclear submarine new construction programmes are planned to run through to 2043. Revenue for Integrity Management field services was £2.4 million (2023: £1.4 million), including revenue from defence customers at £1.9 million (2023: £1.2 million). Further growth is expected for UK and European defence deployments in FY25. Growth opportunities for Integrity Management services more generally remain strong in key markets of defence, offshore services, power generation and industrial ground storage. Enquiry levels from offshore services customers continued steadily during FY24, driven by strong activity in the market to support offshore oil and gas projects. Integrity Management services are expected to provide strong recurring revenues at attractive margins from the second quarter of FY25 and remain a key strategic priority for future growth. Revenue from hydrogen projects was lower than expected in the year at £1.7 million (2023: £2.1 million), reflecting delayed order placement for new hydrogen storage contracts now expected in the first half of FY25. Hydrogen revenues in the year also reflect the delivery of a record 23 road trailer reconditioning orders (2023: 11 deliveries). The customer base for road trailers also expanded significantly during FY24, with the addition of Air Products, Air Liquide and Airflow to the established BOC fleet refurbishment programme and several independent operators. The growing road trailer opportunity reflects the increasing demand for the flexible and cost-effective transportation of hydrogen, in which CSC is well placed to deliver solutions for established operators and new entrants. CSC remains well positioned to supply static storage solutions to the growing hydrogen markets in the UK and Europe. A major contract for large-scale storage under NZHF Strand 2 funding is expected in the first quarter of 2025 and a further major contract under HAR1 funding is expected in the second quarter of 2025. We are also bidding to supply storage systems for several EU hydrogen refuelling station projects, where an order is anticipated in the first quarter of 2025. In addition, in-situ testing and factory reconditioning of hydrogen storage and transportation systems present exciting growth opportunities for CSC in the UK and Europe. Precision Machined Components (discontinued operations) £ million 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 17.1 11.3 7.3 6.4 14.2 Oil and Gas 16.4 10.9 6.9 5.7 13.9 Industrial 0.7 0.4 0.4 0.7 0.3 Gross margin 22% 17% 11% 11% 17% Adjusted EBITDA 1.5 0.1 (0.3) (0.8) 0.2 Operating (loss) / profit before amortisation, impairments and exceptional costs ('Adjusted profit / (loss)') 0.8 (0.6) (1.1) (1.6) (0.7) Precision Machined Components ("PMC") delivered revenue of £17.1 million (2023: £11.3 million) and Adjusted EBITDA of £1.5 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £0.1 million). The division reported an adjusted operating profit of £0.8 million (2023: adjusted operating loss of £0.6 million). This is an encouraging performance during a critical recovery period for the oil and gas sector and positions the division well for further growth in FY25. Order intake was £12.1 million (2023: £18.4 million), a decrease of 34%, reflecting the record intake levels in FY23 that provided order book through into FY24. This supported a strong year-end order book of £3.9 million (2023: £9.4 million), although lower than prior year due to exceptional intake levels during FY23, providing strong revenue visibility into FY25. At Roota Engineering, the demand for subsea well intervention tools, valve assemblies and control module components continued to grow strongly during the year as major OEM customers Expro, Halliburton, Schlumberger and Aker continued to report strong subsea development orders backlogs and a stable market outlook for 2025, principally from South America, West Africa, US Gulf of Mexico, Middle East and North Sea regions. The growth of Roota revenue and profitability was supported by successful recruitment, skills development and specialist engineering software, increasing the capacity to meet the growing demand and extended product range for a broader customer base. This supported a significant step-up in activity levels at Roota throughout FY24 with strong and consistent margins reported across a more diverse product range. Al-Met remained focused on the delivery of record orders for key customers Schlumberger and Baker Hughes and on the steady improvement of operational performance, efficiency and competitiveness to deliver a profitable second half of the year. Roota Engineering, Martract and Al-Met operations are very well positioned for continued progress under the new ownership of Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools, where plans for strategic development and growth present exciting opportunities for the combined businesses, their global customers and their employees. Central Costs £ million 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Cash costs (1.7) (1.9) (1.7) (1.7) (1.4) Depreciation (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.2) (0.2) Operating loss (1.8) (2.0) (1.9) (1.9) (1.6) Central costs include the following items: · the employment costs of the Board of Directors; · the employment costs of central staff who undertake group-wide activities; · administration costs incurred by Directors and central staff; · the regulatory costs of operating as a public limited company quoted on the London Stock Exchange; and · depreciation of assets held centrally. Central cash costs decreased to £1.7 million in the year (2023: £1.9 million) due to reductions in employee costs and recharges to other group companies. Throughout FY24 and following the sale of PMC in early FY25 further actions were taken to significantly reduce FY25 Group central costs to £0.9 million (2024: £1.7 million). Financial review Revenue & profitability Group revenue from continuing operations (CSC) of £14.8 million was 28% less than last year (2023: £20.7 million) due primarily to lower levels of defence-related activity. Gross profit was £3.7 million at 25% margin (2023: £7.0 million at 34% margin). Overhead costs at £5.4 million were 7% lower than last year (2023: £5.8 million) due to cost savings in response to lower defence-related activity. The Group reported an adjusted operating loss on continuing operations of £1.7 million (2023: adjusted operating profit of £1.2 million) in the year. Adding back depreciation charges of £0.8 million (2023: £0.8 million), the Group delivered an Adjusted EBITDA loss of £0.9 million in the year (2023: Adjusted EBITDA profit of £2.0 million). Exceptional costs Exceptional costs of £0.7 million (2023: £1.2 million) were incurred in the year, principally for legal and corporate finance advisory fees relating to the sale of PMC which completed shortly after year-end, and arrangement fees for a term loan taken out after the repayment of the revolving credit facility with Lloyds Bank in November 2023. Impairment review The Group tests annually for impairment, in accordance with IAS 36, if there are indicators that intangible or tangible fixed assets might be impaired. The impairment methodology identifies two Cash Generating Units ("CGU's") within the Group, being CSC and PMC. Each CGU is assessed for potential indicators of impairment, including internal or external factors or events that could reduce the recoverable value of the fixed assets of the Group. If indicators of impairment are identified, a full impairment review is undertaken to determine the recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined using a discounted cashflow model that is based upon a five-year forecast period. The forecast takes into account the firm order book, sales pipeline and market opportunities of the CGU, together with expected gross margin performance and consideration of the cost base, planned capital expenditure and estimated working capital needs of the CGU. A long-term growth assumption is applied beyond the five-year forecast period. The future cashflows are then discounted to a present, recoverable value by applying a risk-adjusted pre-tax discount rate. In accordance with IFRS 5, the Group was required to test the PMC division for impairment on its reclassification to an asset held for sale as at 28 September 2024. An impairment review was undertaken for each of CSC and PMC. The review concluded that no impairment was required at a Group level, however an impairment of £2.3 million was required in relation to PMC at a parent entity level. Taxation The tax credit for Group continuing operations in the year was £0.3 million (2023: tax credit of £0.3 million). The current year tax credit was principally due to the losses incurred in the Group which were not utilised for group relief. It was further reduced by non-deductible exceptional costs and the excess of depreciation over capital allowances. Corporation tax refunded in the year totalled £6,000 (2023: £0.4 million). The reduction was due to Chesterfield Special Cylinders Limited making a significant profit in 2023, and therefore claiming deductible R&D tax credits instead of cash in arrears. Loss per share Basic loss per share from continuing operations was 6.1 pence (2023: loss per share 1.8 pence). Allowing for add-back of exceptional costs, adjusted loss per share was 4.7 pence (2023: adjusted earnings per share of 0.8 pence). Dividends No dividends were paid in the year (2023: £nil) and no dividends have been declared in respect of the year ended 28 September 2024 (2023: £nil). Operating cash flow, capital expenditure and cash flow before financing Operating cash flow was £2.0 million (2023: £1.2 million), arising primarily from Adjusted EBITDA of £0.6 million (2023: Adjusted EBITDA of £2.1 million) and working capital inflows of £1.4 million (2023: outflows of £1.2 million). Key movements within working capital in the year included the reduction of stock across the PMC division as WIP balances at the end of FY23 were realised during FY24. Capital expenditure in the year was £0.4 million (2023: £0.6 million) incurred principally to replace plant and equipment for productive use. Proceeds from the disposal of fixed assets was £0.1 million (2023: £0.2 million). Allowing for exceptional costs of £1.5 million (2023: £1.3 million), finance costs of £0.5 million (2023: £0.4 million) and corporation tax refunds of £6,000 (2023: £0.4 million), cash flow before financing was an inflow of £0.2 million (2023: outflow of £0.5 million). Financing and liquidity The cash balance from continuing operations at 28 September 2024 was £0.1 million (2023: £0.9 million). The reduction in cash of £0.8 million in the year arose from the inception of the new term loan of £1.5 million, the cash inflow before financing of £0.2 million, the repayment of borrowings of £1.4 million, and the repayment of lease liabilities of £0.7 million. A balance of £0.4 million was also transferred to the discontinued operation held for sale. Net debt from continuing operations at 28 September 2024 was £1.4 million (2023: £2.4 million). The decrease in net debt of £1.0 million is principally due to the transfer of lease liabilities of £1.7 million to the discontinued operation held for sale, partially offset by the £0.4 million of cash also transferred. Prior to the transfer, during FY24 there were new lease liabilities of £0.7 million, partially offset by the cash inflow before financing of £0.2 million. During the year, on 14 November 2023, the Group exited its existing debt facilities provided by Lloyds Banking Group by arranging a new term loan facility of £1.5 million with Rockwood Strategic plc and Peter Gyllenhammar AB, two of its major shareholders. The new term loan was committed for a period of 5 years and was secured against the assets of the Group. Repayments of £0.5 million were made during the year with the balance fully repaid subsequent to year end in October 2024, following the sale of PMC. In conjunction with the provision of the new term loan, Rockwood and Gyllenhammar were issued with 1,933,358 warrants in aggregate (representing 5% of the issued share capital) to subscribe for ordinary shares in the Company at a price of 32 pence per share, representing a 20% premium to the closing share price on 23 October 2023 (being the day prior to the announcement of the new facility). The warrants may be exercised at any time in the 5 years following drawdown of the new facility and continue to be exercisable notwithstanding that the facility was repaid in October 2024 before its final expiry. Going concern These financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis. The Directors have prepared financial projections for the period to March 2026, and these demonstrate that the Group can operate and meet its financial obligations as they fall due. As a result of the sale of the PMC division just after year end, the projections include the proceeds of the disposal and are based on the operations of the ongoing CSC division only. The base and downside case projections recognise that the Group remains dependent on the profitability of CSC which is itself largely dependent on revenues from major defence contracts for UK and overseas customers. During the projected period to March 2026, CSC is expected to undergo a period of transition, with revenue from UK defence contracts falling and revenue from the hydrogen energy market and overseas defence customers expected to increase. Over the short term, this is expected to result in lower revenues and earnings for CSC, which have been factored into the financial projections. Due to the significance of revenues from UK hydrogen projects in the base case and the history of delays in this market, the Directors have developed the downside scenario to account for reasonably plausible delays to the placement of major hydrogen orders. The Directors believe that any material delays to hydrogen contracts will give sufficient time to take mitigating actions and adjust operating costs and capital expenditure plans to maintain cash generation, as illustrated by the financial projections for the downside case. In addition to the projections for the base and downside cases, management has modelled sensitivities to the projected performance. These additional sensitivities account for the following risks to revenue, profit and cash generation in the projection period: · Delayed Integrity Management deployments resulting from changes by the customer; and · Later than forecast defence contract milestones, resulting from customer delays; and · In-house operational delays and inefficiencies, delays to the supply of material and components by suppliers, and delays in the performance of work by subcontractors. In the event of these sensitivities occurring, the Group would look to mitigate the impact, partially or fully, by pulling forward contracted work from other customers, and through normal working capital management and other cash preservation initiatives. Reflecting management's confidence in delivering large UK defence contracts and winning new hydrogen contracts and having repaid in full its term loan facility in October 2024, the Directors have concluded that the Group does have sufficient financial resources to meet its obligations as they fall due for the next twelve months and no material uncertainty relating to Going Concern has been identified. Key performance indicators The Board uses Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs") when assessing the performance of the Group. These KPIs are divided into two sections - financial KPIs and non-financial KPIs. Financial KPIs The Board monitors the following financial KPIs: Revenue Growth and Operating Margin Revenue growth is defined as the annual year-on-year change in revenue. Adjusted operating profit / (loss) is operating profit / (loss) before amortisation, impairments and exceptional costs. Operating margin is defined as adjusted operating profit divided by revenue. The trend of this KPI over the last 5 years for continuing operations is as follows: £ million 202 4 202 3 202 2 202 1 20 20 Revenue (continuing operations) 14.8 20.7 17.6 18.9 11.2 Annual revenue growth % -28.3% 17.5% -6.8% 68.8% -19.1% CSC adjusted operating profit / (loss) (continuing operations) 0.1 3.1 0.4 2.0 (0.1) CSC operating margin % 0.7% 15.0% 2.3% 10.6% -0.9% Group adjusted operating profit / (loss) (continuing operations) (1.7) 1.1 (1.5) 0.1 (1.7) Group operating margin % -11.5% 5.3% -8.5% 0.5% -15.2% Group Order Intake Annual order intake represents a strong indicator of future workloads: £ million 202 4 202 3 202 2 20 21 20 20 Group order intake (continuing operations) 13.1 24.6 15.7 16.0 11.1 Non-Financial KPIs The Board reviews a number of non-financial KPIs including the volume of accidents, near misses and reportable safety incidents, staff utilisation and attrition, energy consumption and environmental impact measures. The Board places particular emphasis on health and safety and environmental performance. Experienced safety managers with recognised HSE training cover all operational sites, reporting through divisional management to the Chief Executive, ensuring that the Group employs best practice, drives continuous safety improvement and fulfils all statutory requirements. The Board has noted: ● the Group had one reportable safety incident (RIDDOR) in FY2 4 (CSC) ; and ● the Group has zero reportable environmental incidents in the 5 years up to September 202 4 . Statement by the Directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with s172(1) Companies Act 2006 The Directors of Pressure Technologies plc consider, both individually and together, that they have acted in a manner, in good faith, that would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of the members as a whole in the decisions taken during the 12 months ended 28 September 2024, having due regard to the interests of its stakeholders and the matters set out in s172(1)(a-f) Companies Act 2006, including the: ● likely consequences of any decisions in the long term; ● interests of the Company's employees; ● need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others; ● impact of the Company's operations on the community and environment; ● desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and ● need to act fairly as between members of the company. In discharging our statutory duties, we acknowledge that decisions we make will not necessarily result in a positive outcome for all of our stakeholders. By considering our vision, values and strategic priorities, whilst operating robust governance processes, we aim to ensure that our decisions are well considered and consistent. The Board fully recognises that long-term growth and profitability are enhanced when businesses behave in a sustainable and responsible manner, with respect for all stakeholders. The Group's stakeholders include shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, government, regulators, industry bodies and the communities in which we operate. Moreover, the Directors have actively engaged with these stakeholders using a variety of methods in the period, applying the information obtained to drive decisions on the execution of its strategy. The principal stakeholders engaged during the year, and the methods used, were shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and government, regulators & industry bodies and environmental responsibility & community engagement, as follows: Shareholders The Board aims to behave responsibly towards our shareholders and to treat them equally and fairly. We are focussed on the delivery of value to our shareholders. Having demonstrated resilience during the challenging conditions of recent years, including the Covid-19 pandemic, depressed oil and gas markets and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we are now in a strong position to execute our value-creation strategy. The Company held an Annual General Meeting in March 2024 to directly engage with all shareholders. In addition, Executive Directors meet periodically with the Group's major shareholders and also engage with smaller shareholders. Harwood Capital LLP, a major shareholder, appointed a representative to the Board in May 2023. Feedback obtained from investor meetings is reviewed by the Board and used in the formulation and execution of strategy. The Executive Directors also host and attend events for new and existing private investors, including accommodating investors who wish to visit its manufacturing sites. Customers Our customers are pioneers in what they do. We work in close collaboration with them to develop technical solutions for their engineering needs and produce products that can be trusted to perform in environments where failure would be catastrophic. Customer feedback helps us measure customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction and loyalty are crucial factors that determine our financial performance and we look to improve this constantly. Building and nurturing trusted customer relationships and maintaining open channels of communication ensures that customers: ● receive the information they require; ● are consulted on matters relevant to them; ● are heard and their needs actioned; and ● feedback is collected and reviewed in a structured manner. The Board has regard to this information in making decisions regarding capital investment, workforce size and distribution, production planning and continuous improvement initiatives. Employees Committed, well trained, highly skilled and motivated employees are at the heart of our business. We strive to create a working environment where our employees can fulfil their potential by providing clear organisational purpose and objectives, appropriately structured incentive schemes and by providing training and career development opportunities, including a commitment to our apprenticeship programme. We get the best from our people by nurturing our unique culture reflected in our 4 core values: ● We put people first; ● We deliver to the highest standard; ● We work with each other; and ● We innovate and create the future. It is the policy of the Group to communicate with employees through site-based employee forums and by regular briefing meetings conducted by senior management to promote a long-term perspective of the business. We also undertake periodic employee engagement surveys using a structured questionnaire to gather employee feedback that is used to evolve the culture and practices of the Group. These communication methods provide a two-way flow of information between senior management and employees, providing valuable insight into the perspective and interests of employees. The Board has regard to this information in making decisions in relation to pay levels for specific employee groups, Company-wide pay reviews, updating of terms and conditions, investment in site facilities and amenities, investment in health & safety and in provision of training and career development opportunities. The Group operates a number of employee incentive schemes including performance-related bonuses covering all staff grades. Suppliers We build and maintain strong, long-term relationships with our suppliers. A robust supply chain is critical to the delivery of our products/services on-time, on-cost and on-quality. We have continued to focus on strengthening our supplier relationships and performance during the year, with key initiatives including: ● Measurement of supplier quality and on-time delivery performance; ● Proactive engagement led by dedicated supplier relationship managers who ensure that any issues are dealt with promptly and hold regular meetings to review supplier performance and the outlook for demand; and ● Establishment of collaboration and long-term supply agreements with key suppliers. The information gathered from supplier engagement is used by the Board in making decisions in relation to supplier payment policies, capital investment and health & safety policies. Government, Regulators & Industry Bodies As a technical leader in our field, we contribute to the development of technical, safety and operational standards that relate to the products we design and manufacture: ● We engage periodically with local and national government representatives and have encouraged visits to our sites; ● We participate regularly in expert working groups with industry and regulatory bodies; and ● We communicate regularly and openly regarding policies that relate to the sectors we are involved in. The Board has regard to this information in making decisions in relation to product development, regulatory compliance and health & safety investments. Environmental Responsibility & Community Engagement The Group complies with all relevant environmental regulations and is committed to the continuous improvement of its environmental management system. Specifically, the Group has established measurable environmental objectives that are communicated to all employees and seeks to reduce waste and energy use and prevent acts of pollution. The Group also continues to support local charities and employees who individually raise money or volunteer for charities. The Board of Directors uses the information obtained from stakeholder engagement to ensure that management operate the business in a responsible manner, meeting the high standards of business conduct and governance expected by our stakeholders. The objective is to protect and enhance the reputation of the Company in its local community and the markets it chooses to serve, In formulating and executing its strategy, the Board considers the likely consequences of decisions in the long-term, promoting the long-term stability and prosperity of the Group. Principal risks The principal risks identified by the Board, and the change in the risk outlook in the year, are described below: Risk and impact Status and management strategy to mitigate Change 1. Global economic conditions and market volatility Macroeconomic factors The global economy has experienced only modest levels of growth during the year with the impact of inflation and elevated energy prices moderating. This has also underpinned the improving resilience of supply chains. Moreover, the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and instability in the Middle East have reinforced the importance of investment in national defence and raised concerns over longer-term energy security, driving recovery in traditional energy markets that utilise fossil fuels. These macro factors have driven activity in UK and global defence markets and underpinned a stable oil price, supporting investment levels in the oil & gas and clean energy sectors. ● The Group maintains close contacts with its customers to ensure we have a full understanding of their likely future orders. ⇎ (no change) Market sectors The Group serves the four key market sectors of defence, hydrogen, industrials and offshore services through CSC continuing operations. Whilst the defence and offshore services (oil & gas, plus offshore renewables) sectors have benefitted from the macro trends noted above, it should be noted that defence spending on major naval build programmes is variable over time and that the Group's work on current major UK defence programmes has passed a peak until the next major programme expected from FY28. The emergence and growth of the hydrogen economy was slower than expected during the year but is still expected to account for a greater share of Group revenue moving forward, underpinned by strong government support in the UK and Europe. ● Reduced revenues from high-value UK defence contracts from FY25 to FY27, mitigated by growth in global defence revenues from FY27, before UK projects restart from FY28. ● The sales and business development focus areas are to develop new relationships in two key sectors - global defence and hydrogen. ● We continue to make progress with a number of global defence opportunities to mitigate our exposure to the UK defence spending cycle. ● The hydrogen economy offers strong long-term prospects across a broad range of projects and expanding customer base. ● We are also focused on increasing revenues from recurring periodic inspection and testing services in defence, hydrogen and other markets to mitigate the risk of phased new build spending. ⇎ (no change) Foreign exchange A proportion of the Group's business is carried out in currencies other than Sterling. To the extent that there are fluctuations in exchange rates, this may have an impact on the Group's financial position or results. ● Natural hedges are in place for the predominant currencies the Group is exposed to, and all foreign currency trading is completed by Group treasury, including forward exchange contracts when appropriate. ● The Group typically quotes for business on a short quote expiry and where appropriate will include price escalation clauses to limit exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies. ⇎ (no change) 2. Governmental policy, regulation, legislation and compliance Government policies Revenue generated from defence contracts is impacted by government policies which the Group may not be able to influence. Recent government policy has been to support higher levels of spending on defence, especially following the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. However, the Covid-19 pandemic and the subsequent energy crisis resulted in a very significant increase in government borrowing which may have a negative impact on the government's ability to meet this commitment. The recent change of UK government may result in amendments to tax and employment policies that could affect the business e.g. R&D tax credit regime, worker representation and rights. ● The recent change of UK government may impact domestic defence programme spending over the medium-term, impacting demand for the Group's products. However, the current UK government commitment is to steadily increase defence spending through to 2030. ● The new UK government's stance on hydrogen energy appears to be very supportive, with established HAR funding rounds progressing, although slower than expected. ● Recent increases in business taxes introduced by the new UK government. Significant increases in Capital Gains Tax rates may depress investment. Significant increases in Employer's National Insurance rates will increase labour and supply chain costs, impacting prices, margins and recruitment. ⇑ (risk increase) Health and Safety The Group operates heavy industrial manufacturing facilities and therefore has a fundamental duty to protect its people and other stakeholders from harm whilst conducting its business. ● The Group is accredited to international ISO standards for HSE and has an established HSE management system and site-based teams with Group oversight. ● Managers and appointed safety officers have completed recognised HSE training. ● Senior management monitors and reviews HSE performance during weekly and monthly management meetings, taking actions to address trends or key findings. ● HSE performance is reviewed regularly by the Board and HSE maturity is reviewed quarterly against target levels for operational sites. ⇎ (no change) 3. Market conditions and commercial relationships Contract risk Failure to adequately manage contract risk and, as a result, commit to obligations which the Group is unable to meet without incurring significant unplanned costs. ● Commercial management skills and processes have been strengthened considerably in CSC. ● Onerous legacy contracts have either ended or been renegotiated with more favourable terms. ● Authority for the approval of major contract terms and conditions rests with the executive management team or is delegated according to Group policies. ● Major contract performance is reviewed in senior management meetings against time, cost and quality goals ⇓ (risk reduction) Customer concentration Customer concentration for CSC is high and our relationships with key customers could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including: ● a customer decision to diversify or change how, or from whom, they source components that we currently provide; ● an inability to agree on mutually acceptable pricing; ● performance against contractual commitments; ● a significant dispute with the Group. If the Group was unable to enter similar relationships with other customers on a timely basis, or at all, our business could be materially adversely affected. ● Divestment of PMC has further concentrated the Group's customer base to CSC customers only. ● Key account management is a focus for CSC and we have a history of strong customer relationships and customer retention. ● Recent recruitment has strengthened the focus and structure of customer management processes in CSC. ● Expanding the defence customer base to include new overseas prime contractors will reduce existing UK defence customer dependency. ● The growth of the hydrogen energy business in the CSC division should result in lower customer concentration and diversify 

[truncated]