BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc will release its FY26 interim results on May 20, 2026, reporting first-half revenue of £6.4 million, an increase from £5.4 million in the prior year, and an adjusted EBITDA loss of £0.8 million, an improvement from a £1.3 million loss. While overseas defence orders strengthened, including a new contract for naval submarine Integrity Management services, delays in UK naval deployments and UK Hydrogen Allocation Round projects will impact FY26 performance. The company now anticipates full-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA to be similar to the previous year's £16.6 million revenue and £0.8 million adjusted EBITDA, which is slightly below market expectations of £1.0 million adjusted EBITDA. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 30 April 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. 30 April 2026 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc ("CSC" or the "Company") FY26 Trading Update & Notice of Interim Results Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) will release its FY26 interim results for the six-month period ended 28 March 2026 on Wednesday 20 May 2026. Trading in the first half of the year was broadly in line with management expectations, and the Company expects to report a first-half revenue of £6.4 million (2025: £5.4 million) and an adjusted EBITDA * loss of £0.8 million after central costs (2025: loss £1.3 million). In the first half, the Company strengthened its overseas defence order book and secured its first order for Integrity Management services on overseas naval submarines. However, some UK naval Integrity Management deployments originally expected in FY26 have been postponed into FY27 due to delayed fleet docking schedules. The Company remains frustrated by continued delays to the roll out of UK Hydrogen Allocation Round (HAR) projects and any related contract wins will now come too late to benefit FY26 results. Overall, the Company now anticipates a full-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA performance at similar levels to the previous year (2025: revenue of £16.6 million, adjusted EBITDA of £0.8 million), slightly behind market expectations (adjusted EBITDA of £1.0 million). * Adjusted EBITDA is earnings / loss before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and other exceptional costs Additional information : The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Chris Walters, Chief Executive. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Sally Millen, Director of Finance Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Peter Steel / Carl Diebitsch Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and