BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc announced that its preliminary results for the financial year ended 27 September 2025 will be released on Thursday, 18 December 2025. Management will host a live online presentation and Q&A session at 10:00 am on the same day to discuss the results, strategy, and outlook, offering investors an opportunity to engage with the company's performance and future direction. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 10 December 2025 10 December 2025 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (the "Company") Notice of Results and Investor Presentation Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) today confirms that it will release its preliminary results for the financial year ended 27 September 2025 ("FY25") on Thursday 18 December 2025. Investor Presentation Chris Walters, Chief Executive, Sally Millen, Director of Finance and Chris Webster, Chief Operating Officer will host a live online presentation and Q&A relating to the Company's results at 10:00am on Thursday 18 December 2025. The presentation will enable existing and prospective investors the opportunity to listen to management discuss the Company's FY25 results, strategy and outlook. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 9:00am the day before the presentation or at any time during the live presentation. To sign up to the presentation via Investor Meet Company please register using the following link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/chesterfield-special-cylinders-holdings-plc/register Additional Information The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Chris Walters, Chief Executive. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and