Major Contract Placement Pressure Technologies PLC 24 October 2024 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Group's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. 24 October 2024 Pressure Technologies plc ("Pressure Technologies" or "the Group") Major Contract Placement Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, is pleased to announce that Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC"), its wholly owned subsidiary, has been awarded a major contract to supply air pressure vessels to the Royal Canadian Navy's River class destroyer programme . The £2.8 million contract award by Canadian shipbuilder Irving Shipbuilding Inc. covers the first three ships in the fifteen-ship programme and underpins the expected global defence order book development for CSC in FY25. Initial manufacturing milestones will commence in May 2025 and pressure vessels for the first three ships will be delivered to the programme over the next 5 years. Irving Shipbuilding Inc. will build the fifteen River class destroyers to replace existing Halifax class frigates in the Canadian fleet. The new construction programme is an important part of Canada's National Shipbuilding Strategy and is the largest, most complex shipbuilding programme in Canadian history. The River class destroyer is based on the established Type 26 Global Combat Ship platform, currently under construction for the UK's Royal Navy and the Royal Australian Navy. The ships will form the backbone of Canada's future naval combat capability. Air pressure vessels supplied by CSC will form an integral part of safety-critical onboard systems. Chris Walters, Chief Executive of Pressure Technologies, commented: "I am delighted to confirm this £2.8 million contract award for Chesterfield Special Cylinders to deliver pressure vessels for the Royal Canadian Navy's River class destroyer programme, working closely with Irving Shipbuilding and supporting the Canadian National Shipbuilding Strategy. This major contract award underpins our global defence order book in FY25 and further demonstrates the role played by the specialised engineering and manufacturing capabilities of Chesterfield Special Cylinders in naval new construction programmes globally." Additional Information The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Chris Walters, Chief Executive. For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@pressuretechnologies.co.uk Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.pressuretechnologies.com Pressure Technologies plc is based in Sheffield and operates through its wholly subsidiary Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC"). CSC is a market leading designer, manufacturer and provider of safety-critical, high-pressure containment products and services to a global customer base in the defence, hydrogen energy, oil & gas and industrial markets. For more information on CSC, please visit www.chesterfieldcylinders.com For further information on the Royal Canadian Navy's River class destroyer programme and Irving Shipbuilding: ● www.canada.ca/en/navy/corporate/fleet-units/surface/river-class-destroyer.html ● https://shipsforcanada.ca/ Library image of River class destroyer. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and