BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc announced board changes and cost reduction measures due to delays in UK hydrogen projects, with Chief Executive Chris Walters stepping down and Chris Webster appointed Managing Director and joining the board, alongside Finance Director Sally Millen. These changes will reduce annual central costs by £0.3 million, with further savings targeted. The company reconfirms its strong second-half FY26 outlook, expecting full-year market forecasts similar to FY25's revenue of £16.6 million and adjusted EBITDA of £0.8 million, with modest FY27 revenue growth anticipated from defence contracts. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 28 July 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. 28 July 2026 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (the "Company") Board Changes and Reconfirmation of FY26 Outlook Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) announces Board changes and cost reduction measures in response to ongoing delays and uncertainty around the rollout of UK hydrogen projects. Chris Walters, Chief Executive since September 2018, will step down from the Board by mutual agreement and leave the Company on 31 July 2026. Chris Webster, Chief Operating Officer since April 2022, will lead the business as Managing Director and joins the Board with immediate effect. Sally Millen, who joined the Company in June 2022 and was appointed as Director of Finance in November 2024, also joins the Board with immediate effect as Finance Director. These executive management changes recognise the reduced scale and simplification of Company operations following the sale of the Precision Machined Components division in October 2024 and the slower-than-anticipated development of the hydrogen storage and transportation market. Richard Staveley, Non-Executive Director since May 2023 and representative of Harwood Capital, a major shareholder of the Company, will also step down from the Board on 30 September 2026. Overall, these changes will result in a reduction to annual central costs of £0.3 million. In addition, the Company is targeting further cost savings of at least the same amount to ensure efficiency and alignment with its focus on growth and development in UK and overseas defence markets, while retaining the ability to capitalise on hydrogen and other market opportunities on a flexible basis. The Company reconfirms its previously announced expectations for a strong and profitable second-half performance in FY26, supporting full-year market forecasts at levels similar to the prior year (FY25: revenue £16.6 million, adjusted EBITDA £0.8 million). The Company expects modest revenue growth in FY27 from defence newbuild contracts and lifecycle services, while hydrogen newbuild revenues, prudently removed from its forecasts, represent a potential upside. Nick Salmon, Chair of Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I thank Chris for all he has achieved over the past eight years and, in particular, for developing the strong senior management team who will now take the business forward. I also thank Richard for his support, insight, and valuable contribution during his tenure on the Board." Chris Walters, Chief Executive, commented: "It has been a privilege to lead Chesterfield Special Cylinders over the past eight years. Following our successful divestments and restructuring, the business is now simpler, more streamlined and sharply focused on its core strengths. I would like to thank the Board and our shareholders for their continued support during my tenure, and I wish the team and the company every success for the future." Chris Webster, Managing Director, commented: "We remain well placed to grow our UK and overseas defence business, both in newbuild and lifecycle services, while retaining the appetite, flexibility and appropriate cost structure to capitalise on hydrogen storage opportunities as and when they arise. As we look forward, on behalf of the management team and wider workforce, I would like to thank Chris for his leadership, his energy, and all that we achieved together." Additional information The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Chris Walters, Chief Executive. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Sally Millen, Finance Director Chris Webster, Managing Director Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Peter Steel / Russell Cook / Carl Diebitsch Tel: 0207 496 3000 Additional information in respect of the AIM Rules for Companies The following information regarding the appointment of Christopher (Chris) James Webster (aged 53) and Sally Ann Millen (aged 48) is disclosed pursuant to Schedule Two paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies ("AIM Rules"): Chris Webster An engineer with a degree in Materials Science & Technology from the University of Birmingham and an MBA from the University of Warwick, Chris has over 30 years' experience in heavy engineering, including senior leadership roles with British Steel, Tata Steel and Wabtec Rail. He joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer in April 2022 and has played a key role in the implementation of significant operational improvements within the business. Current directorships / partnerships Chesterfield Cylinders Limited Chesterfield Pressure Systems Group Limited Chesterfield Special Cylinders Limited Chesterfield Tube Company Limited Past directorships/partnerships Al-Met Limited Martract Limited PT Precision Machined Components Limited Quadscot Holdings Limited Quadscot Precision Engineers Limited Roota Engineering Limited As at the date of this announcement, Chris Webster holds 8,095 ordinary shares in the Company. Sally Millen A Chartered Accountant with a degree in Accounting & Financial Management from the University of Sheffield, Sally has over 17 years' experience in senior finance roles. Sally joined the Company as Group Financial Controller in June 2022, playing a key role in the implementation of significant improvements to the Group's financial management, controls and reporting. In November 2024, Sally was appointed Director of Finance, in a non-Board position. As at the date of this announcement, Sally Millen holds no ordinary shares in the Company. Except as stated above, there is no further information to be disclosed in respect of Sally Millen or Chris Webster under Schedule 2(g) of the AIM Rules for Companies. COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and