Completion of Sale of PMC Division Pressure Technologies PLC 09 October 2024 9 October 2024 Pressure Technologies plc Completion of Sale of Precision Machined Components Division Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, is pleased to announce that it has completed the sale of its Precision Machined Components division to Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools Private Limited on the terms previously announced on 27 September 2024. For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@pressuretechnologies.co.uk Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTIONS www.pressuretechnologies.com Pressure Technologies plc is based in Sheffield and operates through its wholly subsidiary Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC"). CSC is a market leading designer, manufacturer and provider of safety-critical, high-pressure containment products and services to a global customer base in the defence, hydrogen energy, oil & gas and industrial markets. For more information on CSC, please visit www.chesterfieldcylinders.com www.raghuvamsi.com Raghu Vamsi Machine Tools Private Limited ("RVMT") is part of the Raghu Vamsi Group. Founded in 2004, the company and its subsidiaries design, develop and manufacture precision engineering components and subassemblies for global customers in aerospace, defence, oil and gas, medical and industrial markets. RVMT's capabilities include CNC machining, engineering, sheet metal fabrication, composites manufacturing, electronics and electromechanical subassemblies, welding and specialised surface coatings. Through it operations in India and the United States of America, the company exports and supplies to various global OEMs including Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Schlumberger, Boeing, GE Aviation, Honeywell, Rolls Royce, Collins Aerospace and many more. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and