BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc announced ahead of its Annual General Meeting that its defence orderbook has been enhanced by a contract for specialised pressure vessels for the Scorpène-class submarine programme, with further overseas defence contract awards and Integrity Management services anticipated in the first half of 2026. The company also expects a significant contract award for large-scale hydrogen storage systems under the UK government's first Hydrogen Allocation Round (HAR1) in the first half of 2026, which is projected to drive growth from this sector from FY27. The Board reconfirms its confidence in the mid-term outlook, anticipating significant revenue and earnings growth in FY26, with revenues weighted towards the second half of the year. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 03 February 2026 3 February 2026 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (the "Company") 2026 Annual General Meeting & Trading Update Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) provides the following update ahead of its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") to be held today from 09:30 at the offices of Singer Capital Markets, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX. The Company's already robust defence orderbook was strengthened further in January with a strategically significant contract award from French prime contractor, Naval Group for specialised pressure vessels on its Scorpène-class submarine programme. Within the first half of 2026, the Company expects further overseas defence contract awards for newbuild programmes and Integrity Management services. A major contract award for large-scale hydrogen storage systems under the long-awaited UK government's first Hydrogen Allocation Round (HAR1) is also expected in the first half of 2026, driving further growth from this emerging sector from FY27. With significant revenue and earnings growth expected in FY26, underpinned by contract revenues weighted heavily towards the second half of the year, the Board reconfirms its confidence in the mid-term outlook and exciting prospects for the Company, as detailed in the FY25 full-year results announced on 18 December 2025. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and