Update on Sale of PMC Division & Trading Pressure Technologies PLC 20 September 2024 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Group's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. 20 September 2024 Pressure Technologies plc ("Pressure Technologies" or "the Company" or "the Group") Update on Sale of Precision Machined Components Division & Trading Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, provides an update on the sale of its Precision Machined Components division ("PMC") and on trading for the financial year ending 30 September 2024 ("FY24"). Update on Sale of PMC In June 2024, the Group announced that a preferred buyer had been identified and that the transaction was expected to complete in August 2024. The sale process is now at an advanced stage and due diligence has been completed. The Board expects the transaction to complete in the very near future. Trading Update Also in June 2024, the Group announced an expected full-year FY24 Adjusted EBITDA of not less than £1.0 million. While PMC has continued to deliver a strong performance through the second half of the year, t he Board now expects the Group's full-year FY24 performance to be slightly below previous guidance due to later than anticipated defence order placement and project delays in Chesterfield Special Cylinders. Additional Information The person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer. For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@pressuretechnologies.co.uk Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.pressuretechnologies.com With its head office in Sheffield, the Pressure Technologies Group was founded on its leading market position as a designer and manufacturer of high-integrity, safety-critical components and systems serving global supply chains in oil and gas, defence, industrial and hydrogen energy markets. The Group has two divisions: · Chesterfield Special Cylinders (CSC) - www.chesterfieldcylinders.com · Precision Machined Components (PMC) - www.pt-pmc.com o Includes the Al-Met, Roota Engineering and Martract sites. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and