BETA Close X Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc announced that it will host a live online presentation and Q&A session on Wednesday, May 20, 2026, at 10:30 BST to discuss its interim results and outlook. This event is accessible to all existing and potential shareholders, with questions able to be submitted in advance via the Investor Meet Company platform until 9:00 BST on May 19, 2026, or during the live presentation. Disclaimer* Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hdgs 08 May 2026 08 May 2026 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (the "Company") Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (AIM: CSC) will host a live online presentation and Q&A relating to the Company's interim results and outlook at 10:30 BST on Wednesday 20 May 2026. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted before the event via the Investor Meet Company platform up until 9:00 BST on 19 May 2026, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/chesterfield-special-cylinders-holdings-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Sally Millen, Director of Finance Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Peter Steel / Carl Diebitsch Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com and www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-leading designer and manufacturer of high-pressure gas storage and transportation systems, used principally in safety-critical defence and hydrogen energy applications, and provides inspection, testing and recertification services throughout the system lifecycle. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and