PDMR/PCA Shareholding Pressure Technologies PLC 18 October 2024 18 October 2024 Pressure Technologies plc ("Pressure Technologies" or "the Company" or "the Group") PDMR / PCA Shareholding Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, was informed today that Rockwood Strategic plc purchased a total of 208,321 ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at an average price of 32.2 pence per share, on 9, 10 and 17 October 2024. Following the share purchases, Rockwood Strategic plc holds 7,958,321 Ordinary Shares, equivalent to 20.58 per cent of the Company's issued share capital. Rockwood Strategic plc is a person closely associated ("PCA") with Richard Staveley, Non-Executive Director of the Company. Further details on the share purchases are included below. For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@pressuretechnologies.co.uk Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.pressuretechnologies.com Pressure Technologies plc is based in Sheffield and operates through its wholly subsidiary Chesterfield Special Cylinders ("CSC"). CSC is a market leading designer, manufacturer and provider of safety-critical, high-pressure containment products and services to a global customer base in the defence, hydrogen energy, oil & gas and industrial markets. For more information on CSC, please visit www.chesterfieldcylinders.com Notification and public disclosure of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR") and Persons Closely Associated with them: 1 Details of the Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities / Person Closely Associated a) Name Rockwood Strategic plc 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Person Closely Associated with Richard Staveley (Director and PDMR of the Company) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pressure Technologies plc b) LEI 213800PTKN1VDP2DIN05 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code GB00B1XFKR57 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Date Volume Price 9 October 2024 33,321 £0.31 10 October 2024 100,000 £0.32 17 October 2024 75,000 £0.33 d) Aggregated information Total volume: 208,321 Volume weighted average price: £0.322 e) Date of the transaction 9, 10 and 17 October 2024 f) Place of the transaction AIM, London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and