Debt Refinancing and Grant of Warrants Pressure Technologies PLC 16 November 2023 16 November 2023 Pressure Technologies plc ("Pressure Technologies" or "the Company" or "the Group") Debt Refinancing and Grant of Warrants Pressure Technologies plc (AIM: PRES), the specialist engineering group, is pleased to announce completion of the debt refinancing and grant of warrants announced on 24 October 2023. Debt Refinancing The Company has formally executed legal documentation with Rockwood Strategic plc 1 and Peter Gyllenhammar AB (together "the Lenders"), both major shareholders in the Company, in relation to a new Term Loan Facility of £1.5 million ("the Facility"). The Facility has been subject to full drawdown and has been utilised to repay an outstanding bank loan of approximately £0.9 million to Lloyds Banking Group, to settle transaction costs and to provide additional working capital headroom. The principal terms of the Facility are as described in the prior announcement dated 24 October 2023. Grant of Warrants In conjunction with the provision of the Facility, the Lenders have been issued with 1,933,358 warrants in aggregate (representing 5% of the issued share capital) to subscribe for ordinary shares in the Company ("the Warrants") at a price of 32 pence per share, representing a 20% premium to the closing share price on 23 October 2023 (being the day prior to the announcement of the Facility). The Warrants may be exercised at any time in the 5 years following drawdown of the Facility and continue to be exercisable in the event the Facility is repaid before its final expiry. Chris Walters, Chief Executive of Pressure Technologies plc, commented: "We are delighted to have completed the refinancing with the support of two of our major shareholders. Our new Facility will enable us to further develop the business whilst we realise value from the sale of the Precision Machined Components division." Richard Staveley, Non-Executive Director of Pressure Technologies plc and Fund Manager of Rockwood Strategic plc, commented: "Constructively engaging with Pressure Technologies has led to us providing this loan, alongside Peter Gyllenhammar AB, another major shareholder, to support the Company through to the planned divestment of the Precision Machined Components division, which we believe will unlock shareholder value. Chesterfield Special Cylinders is a world-class manufacturing business serving a multitude of allied navies, air forces and leading industrial businesses. Exposed to the emerging hydrogen economy, it is also a trusted provider of integrity management services to mission-critical defence platforms. The Company has material asset backing and we are proud to provide finance to such an important business within the UK's manufacturing base." Additional Information 1 Harwood Capital LLP is the investment manager of Rockwood Strategic plc. For further information, please contact: Pressure Technologies plc Chris Walters, Chief Executive Steve Hammell, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 0333 015 0710 Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 Houston (Financial PR and Investor Relations) Kay Larsen / Ben Robinson Tel: 0204 529 0549 pressuretechnologies@houston.co.uk COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.pressuretechnologies.com With its head office in Sheffield, the Pressure Technologies Group was founded on its leading market position as a designer and manufacturer of high-integrity, safety-critical components and systems serving global supply chains in oil and gas, defence, industrial and hydrogen energy markets. The Group has two divisions: · Chesterfield Special Cylinders (CSC) - www.chesterfieldcylinders.com · Precision Machined Components (PMC) - www.pt-pmc.com o Includes the Al-Met, Roota Engineering and Martract sites. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR") and Persons Closely Associated with them: 1 Details of the Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities / Person Closely Associated a) Name Rockwood Strategic plc 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Person Closely Associated with Richard Staveley (Director and PDMR of the Company) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pressure Technologies plc b) LEI 213800PTKN1VDP2DIN05 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Wa rrants to subscribe for ordinary shares Identification code GB00B1XFKR57 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Warrants c) Price(s) and volume(s) Volumes: 966,679 warrants Exercise price: 32p d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 14 November 2023 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and