Change of Name Effective Chesterfield Special Cylinders Hol. 21 March 2025 The following amendment has been made to the "Change of Name Effective" announcement released on 21 March 2025 at 07.00 under RNS No 5788B. The Company's website address link has been changed to www.csc-holdings.com . No other changes have been made. The full text of the amended announcement is set out below. 21 March 2025 Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (formerly Pressure Technologies plc) ("CSC" or "the Company") Change of Name Effective Further to announcements made on 5 February 2025 and 20 March 2025, the Company confirms the change of its name to Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc, with the associated TIDM 'CSC'. The change of name was approved at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2025 and Companies House has issued the associated change of name certificate. Trading in the Company's shares under the new company name and TIDM is expected to commence at 8:00 a.m. today. The Company's ISIN (GB00B1XFKR57) and SEDOL (B1XFKR5) remain unchanged. The Company's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) remains as 213800PTKN1VDP2DIN05. To reflect its new name, the Company's website address (including the information required by AIM Rule 26) has been changed to www.csc-holdings.com . Shareholder documents of title will be unaffected by the change of name and existing share certificates should be retained and remain valid. Any new share certificates to be issued will bear the new name, Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc. Chris Walters, Chief Executive of Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings, commented: " The Chesterfield Special Cylinders brand is trusted by defence and industrial customers worldwide, and by a new and quickly developing hydrogen energy market. This exciting change today acknowledges a proud 125-year history and demonstrates a clear focus and ambition to deliver our recently announced medium-term goals." For further information, please contact: Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (formerly Pressure Technologies plc) Chris Walters, Chief Executive Tel: 0333 015 0710 company.secretary@csc-holdings.com Singer Capital Markets (Nomad and Broker) Rick Thompson / Asha Chotai Tel: 0207 496 3000 COMPANY DESCRIPTION www.csc-holdings.com Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc is based in Sheffield and operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Chesterfield Special Cylinders Limited ("CSC"). CSC is a market leading designer, manufacturer and supplier of safety-critical, high-pressure containment products and services to a global customer base in the defence, hydrogen energy, oil & gas and industrial markets. For more information on CSC, please visit www.chesterfieldcylinders.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Chesterfield Special Cylinders Holdings plc (CSC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and