Results of Annual General Meeting RNS Number : 8766F Wynnstay Properties PLC 20 July 2021 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Results of Annual General Meeting 20 July 2021 The Company announces that at its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") held earlier today, all resolutions put to the meeting were duly passed by poll vote. The full text of the resolutions considered at the AGM is set out in the Notice of AGM available on the Company's website at www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc 020 7554 8766 Philip Collins (Chairman) Panmure Gordon (UK) Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Dominic Morley/Sandy Clark LEI number is 2138006MASI24JYW5076. For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END RAGDKKBNQBKDBOB Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and