BETA Close X Wynnstay Properties PLC has provided a positive trading update ahead of its Annual General Meeting, reporting that the financial year ending March 25, 2027, has commenced well and operations are in line with expectations. The company has successfully completed new lettings and lease renewals in Uckfield, Aylesford, and Heathfield, with rents matching or exceeding previous valuations, and has terms agreed for further units in Norwich and Stevenage. Both previously vacant units in Liphook are now under offer, indicating the portfolio will soon be fully let. Furthermore, 99% of the rent due for the first quarter of the current financial year has been collected, demonstrating strong tenant retention and favourable market conditions. Disclaimer* Wynnstay Properties PLC 15 July 2026 The information communicated within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information for the purposes of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this information is considered to be in the public domain. WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or "the Company") AGM Trading Update 15 July 2026 Wynnstay Properties PLC (AIM:WSP) (the Company) is pleased to provide a trading update ahead of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held later today: o The financial year ending 25 March 2027 ("the current Financial Year") has started well with operations in line with expectations. o Wynnstay has completed a new letting of a unit in Uckfield in advance of an exercised break option by the previous tenant so that income has been both maintained and increased over the previous level and over the estimated market rental value used in the March valuation. o The Company has also completed lease renewals for three units in Aylesford and Heathfield and agreed terms for four more in Norwich and Stevenage, all at rents that match or slightly exceed the estimated market rental value used in the March valuation. These positive outcomes demonstrate good tenant retention and market conditions. o Both units in Liphook reported as vacant at year-end are now under offer in solicitors' hands. On completion of these lettings, the portfolio will be fully let. o 99% of the rent due for the first quarter of the current Financial Year has been collected. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties PLC Philip Collins (Chairman) Chris Betts (Managing Director) 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Mike Coe, Darshan Patel, Alex Slater 020 3829 5000 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5O76 For more information on Wynnstay, visit www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and