Annual Report and Notice of AGM RNS Number : 2020D Wynnstay Properties PLC 25 June 2021 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Annual Report and Notice of AGM 25 June 2021 The Company announces that, pursuant to AIM Rule 20, its Annual Report and Accounts for the financial period ended 25 March 2021 ("Annual Report"), the Notice of Annual General Meeting ("Notice") and Form of Proxy ("Proxy Form") have been posted to shareholders. The Annual Report and Notice of AGM as dispatched to shareholders of the Company are available to view on the Company's website: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . Annual General Meeting In light of the government's regulations continuing to restrict the number of individuals and households permitted to gather indoors, the Board has decided, with great reluctance, to restrict attendance at this year's AGM. The Board will ensure a quorum is present and we recommend that, in view of the current regulations on indoor gatherings, no other shareholders attend in person. The meeting will be purely functional and address just the formal resolutions detailed in the notice of meeting necessary to enable the Board to conduct the business and affairs of the Company. The AGM will be held on Tuesday 20 July 2021 at 2.30 p.m. at The Royal Automobile Club, 89 Pall Mall, London, SW1Y 5HS. In the unlikely event that a further change in government regulations make it both possible and practicable to hold the meeting at the last minute as an open meeting we will notify shareholders via an announcement on the Regulatory News Services and on our website. Proxy Voting We strongly encourage all shareholders to complete and return a Proxy Form, or to vote electronically if registered to do so, to ensure all votes are included. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc 020 7554 8766 Philip Collins (Chairman) Panmure Gordon (UK) Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Dominic Morley/Sandy Clark LEI number is 2138006MASI24JYW5076. For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END ACSFAMJTMTMTBIB Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and