Director Dealing Wynnstay Properties PLC 05 October 2023 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or "the Company") Director Dealing 5 October 2023 The Board of Wynnstay has been notified that Ross Owen, a non-executive director of the Company, has today purchased 1,250 ordinary shares of £0.25 each ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of £7.00 per Ordinary Share. Following this purchase, Ross Own is beneficially interested in a total of 1,250 Ordinary Shares. Notiﬁcation and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ross Owen 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Wynnstay Properties plc b) LEI 2138006MASI24JYW5O76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.25 each ISIN: GB0009842898 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 700p 1,250 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 1,250 £8,750 e) Date of the transaction 5 October 2023 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, AIM For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties PLC: Philip Collins, Chairman 020 7554 8766 WH Ireland Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker): Hugh Morgan, Chris Hardie and Sarah Mather 020 7220 1666 For more information on Wynnstay, visit www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and