BETA Close X Wynnstay Properties PLC will release its results for the six-month period ended 29 September 2025, on Tuesday 4 November 2025. Management will host a live presentation regarding the interim results via Investor Meet Company on 4 November 2025, at 15:00 GMT. The presentation is open to existing and potential shareholders, who can submit questions in advance until 03 November 2025, at 09:00 GMT, or during the live presentation. Disclaimer* Wynnstay Properties PLC 30 October 2025 This is a Reach (i.e. non-regulatory) announcement and the information contained is not considered to be material or to have a significant impact on management's expectations of the Company's performance WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") 30 October 2025 Notice of Results and Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC is pleased to announce that it intends to release its results six-month period ended 29 September 2025 on Tuesday 4 November 2025. Philip Collins and Christopher Betts will also provide a live presentation relating to the Interim Results via Investor Meet Company on 4 November 2025, 15:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 03 November 2025, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/wynnstay-properties-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc Philip Collins (Chairman) Chris Betts (Managing Director) 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Mike Coe, Darshan Patel, Oscar Stack 020 3829 5000 LEI number is 2138006MASI24JYW5076. For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 31 minutes ago Alliance Witan 43 minutes ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE 3 hours ago Ninety One 3 hours ago Moneysupermarket.com Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and