Presentation via Investor Meet Company Wynnstay Properties PLC 11 July 2025 This is a Reach (i.e. non-regulatory) announcement and the information contained is not considered to be material or to have a significant impact on management's expectations of the Company's performance WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") 11 July 2025 PRESENTATION VIA INVESTOR MEET COMPANY Wynnstay is pleased to announce that a presentation, Introduction to Wynnstay and post-AGM Presentation of Annual Results, will be hosted via Investor Meet Company at 4:00pm on Wednesday 16 July 2025. Registration details can be accessed via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/wynnstay-properties-plc/register-investor The presentation will be given by Philip Collins, Chairman and Chris Betts, Managing Director. It is open to all existing and potential shareholders in Wynnstay. Investors who already follow Wynnstay on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the IMC dashboard up until 09:00 on Tuesday 15 July 2025 or at any time during the live presentation using the "ask a Question" function. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc Philip Collins (Chairman) Chris Betts (Managing Director) 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Mike Coe, Darshan Patel, Oscar Stack 020 3829 5000 LEI number is 2138006MASI24JYW5076. For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 31 minutes ago Alliance Witan 43 minutes ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE 3 hours ago Ninety One 3 hours ago Moneysupermarket.com Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and