Result of AGM, GM and Trading Update RNS Number : 0216T Wynnstay Properties PLC 19 July 2022 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Results of Annual General Meeting and General Meeting and Trading Update 19 J uly 2022 Results of Annual General Meeting and General Meeting The Company announces that at its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and General Meeting ("GM") held earlier today all resolutions put to the meetings were duly passed by poll vote. The full text of the resolutions considered at the AGM is set out in the Notices of AGM and GM, appended to the Annual Report 2022 and Share Buy-Back Circular respectively and available on the Company's website at www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . Trading Update At the AGM Philip Collins, Chairman, informed shareholders that the Board had reviewed the Company's trading position, budget for the year, and portfolio at its Board meeting prior to the AGM and reported as follows: Rent collection: Of the rents due at 24 June 2022, for all practical purposes 100% of rents due to Wynnstay have been collected, with just under £2,000 outstanding in total. Occupancy: The portfolio is fully let and income producing. Thus at present Wynnstay has no unforeseen property costs, such as empty business rates, insurance, security or other costs. Demand and market conditions: Despite all the economic and political uncertainties, there continues to be strong occupational demand for industrial, including trade counter, units which comprise the majority of Wynnstay's portfolio, and this has undoubtedly contributed to the portfolio being fully let as well as to a number of good rent reviews negotiated over the past four months. The demand reflects, in part, shortage of supply of good quality units in the right locations to meet tenants' requirements. The increases in interest rates this year appear to have resulted in reported upward movement in yields on transactions in the investment market from those prevailing in 2021. This may result in calmer market conditions later in the year to those seen over the past 18 months, with a greater focus on rental growth opportunities. The market for the rest of the year and beyond will be greatly influenced by the evolving economic conditions, changes in interest rates and government actions to control inflation and stimulate growth in the economy. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc Philip Collins (Chairman) 020 7554 8766 WH Ireland Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker): Chris Hardie, Ben Thorne, Megan Liddell 020 7220 1666 LEI number is 2138006MASI24JYW5076.For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END RAGZKLFFLDLFBBQ Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and