BETA Close X Wynnstay Properties PLC announced that all ordinary and special resolutions were passed by poll vote at its Annual General Meeting held on July 15, 2026. The results of the meeting will be made available on the company's website. Disclaimer* Wynnstay Properties PLC 16 July 2026 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or "the Company") Results of Annual General Meeting 16 July 2026 Wynnstay Properties PLC (AIM:WSP) announces that at its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") held in the afternoon of Wednesday 15 July 2026, all the ordinary and special resolutions put to the meeting were duly passed by poll vote. The full text of the resolutions considered at the AGM is set out in the Notice of AGM are available on the Company's website and can be accessed at www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk . The results of the AGM will also be made available shortly on the website. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties PLC Philip Collins (Chairman) Chris Betts (Managing Director) 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Mike Coe, Darshan Patel, Alex Slater 020 3829 5000 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5O76 For more information on Wynnstay, visit www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and