Board Changes Wynnstay Properties PLC 08 September 2023 WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Board Changes 8 September 2023 Wynnstay Properties Plc (AIM:WSP) announced on 8 June 2023 the forthcoming retirement of Paul Williams as Managing Director and the selection of Christopher Betts as his successor. The Company now announces that Christopher Betts has today been appointed to the Board and as Managing Director of Wynnstay and that Paul Williams has retired from the Company. Further information about Christopher Betts, including the AIM Rules Schedule Two paragraph (g) disclosures relating to him are set out at the end of this announcement which repeats the information already provided in the announcement of 8 June 2023. Philip Collins, Chairman, comments: "I paid tribute to Paul's achievements at Wynnstay over his 17 year tenure in our recent Annual Report. On behalf of shareholders, I would like to thank him for his significant contribution to the Company's evolution over this period and to wish him a long and happy retirement. I would also like to welcome Chris to Wynnstay. With his considerable and varied experience in commercial property, he will no doubt want to make his own mark in taking the company forward while respecting the distinctive approach that has underpinned the Company's success in delivering results for shareholders." For further information: Wynnstay Properties plc Philip Collins (Chairman) Tel: 020 7554 8766 WH Ireland Limited (Nomad & Broker) Hugh Morgan, Chris Hardie, Sarah Mather Tel: 020 7220 1666 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5076 For more information on Wynnstay visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk Christopher Betts MRICS (57) has been a Chartered Surveyor for over 30 years. After graduating from Oxford Brookes University with a BSc in Estate Management, he joined Cluttons as a graduate trainee where he spent his first ten years in professional practice. Subsequently, he has worked for various commercial property businesses including British Land, Frogmore and Romulus. Latterly he has been advising on and implementing a strategy and management programme at Peabody Trust for their London and South-East corporate office portfolio following significant recent mergers with other social housing providers. The following information is disclosed in accordance with Rule 17 and paragraph (g) of Schedule 2 of the AIM Rules for Companies in connection with the appointment of Christopher Guy Betts aged 57, to the Board of the Company. He currently holds the following other directorships. He does not hold any ordinary shares or options in the Company. Current directorships Past directorships held within the last five years Malthouse Property Consultants Limited Halstead (Educational Trust) Limited . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and