AGM Trading Update Wynnstay Properties PLC 16 July 2025 The information communicated within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information for the purposes of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this information is considered to be in the public domain. WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or "the Company") AGM Trading Update 16 July 2025 Wynnstay Properties PLC (AIM:WSP) is pleased to provide a trading update ahead of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held later today: o Wynnstay has completed or agreed terms in the first quarter for the financial year ending 25 March 2026 (the "Current Financial Year") for two new open market lettings on units at its Liphook and Hailsham properties, both at higher rents than previously received. o Wynnstay has also completed the lease renewal of a unit at its Lichfield property at a substantially increased rent (+29%). This follows the lease renewals at Aldershot (+40%) and Tonbridge (+49%) already reported by the Company in its Annual Report for the year ended 25 March 2025. o In the first quarter of the Current Financial Year two further tenant break options have lapsed, in addition to the nine break options already reported by the Company in its Annual Report for the year ended 25 March 2025, thus demonstrating strong tenant retention within the portfolio o Wynnstay's portfolio remains fully let. o There are no material rent arrears for the first quarter of the Current Financial Year. For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties plc Philip Collins (Chairman) Chris Betts (Managing Director) 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Mike Coe, Darshan Patel, Oscar Stack 020 3829 5000 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5076 For more information on Wynnstay, visit www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and