Property Acquisition Wynnstay Properties PLC 16 May 2025 The information communicated within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information for the purposes of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this information is considered to be in the public domain. WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or "the Company") Property Acquisition 16 May 2025 Wynnstay Properties PLC (AIM:WSP) is pleased to announce that it has exchanged contracts with two private investors for the acquisition of Units 3-7, Pembroke Avenue, Denny End Industrial Estate, Waterbeach, Cambridge, CB25 9QP ("the Property") for an aggregate cash consideration of approximately £2.77 million (the "Acquisition"). The Property is freehold and comprises a terrace of five light industrial warehouse units with an extensive front service yard forming part of an established industrial estate beside the A10 trunk road. Three units are let as warehouse space to a specialist manufacturing business, one to a national motor parts trade counter and the remaining unit is let on a long-leasehold interest. The total rental income of £183,100 per annum is secured on leases with a weighted average unexpired lease term of 7 years and provides a net initial yield of 6.2%. This is anticipated to rise to provide a reversionary yield of 6.45%, predominantly following rent reviews in 2028 and a lease renewal or reletting in 2029. The total cost of the Acquisition, which includes stamp duty land tax and due diligence fees, is anticipated to be approximately £2.95 million and will be funded as to approximately 60% from Wynnstay's cash reserves with the balance being drawn from existing borrowing facilities. The Acquisition is expected to complete at the end of May2025. Commenting on the transaction, Chris Betts, Managing Director of Wynnstay said: "These well-let light industrial properties are highly accessible and positioned to benefit from the strong local economy of Cambridge and the impetus it provides for future growth in the region and will broaden the geographic spread of Wynnstay's portfolio". For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties Plc Philip Collins, Chairman Chris Betts, Managing Director 07469 042389 Zeus (Nominated Adviser and Broker): Mike Coe, Darshan Patel and Oscar Stack 0203 829 5000 For more information on Wynnstay, visit www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 31 minutes ago Alliance Witan 43 minutes ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE 3 hours ago Ninety One 3 hours ago Moneysupermarket.com Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and