GLOBAL BATTERY MATERIALS ANNOUNCES POSITIVE PRELIMINARY ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT FOR THE KEARNEY GRAPHITE PROJECT Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR GLOBAL BATTERY MATERIALS ANNOUNCES POSITIVE PRELIMINARY ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT FOR THE KEARNEY GRAPHITE PROJECT Français News provided by Global Battery Materials Jul 07, 2026, 23:41 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X Brownfield graphite mine redevelopment demonstrates an after-tax IRR of 67%, and payback period of 1.3 years TORONTO , July 7, 2026 /CNW/ -- Global Battery Materials Corp. (" GBM " or the " Company "), a vertically integrated critical minerals and technology company focused on developing secure North American graphite and advanced anode material supply chains, is pleased to announce the positive results of a Preliminary Economic Assessment (" PEA ") prepared by WSP Canada Inc. (" WSP ") for its Kearney Graphite Project (" Kearney " or the " Project "), located in northeastern Ontario, Canada. The PEA evaluates the restart of the prior-producing Kearney Mine, leveraging existing infrastructure to provide a secure source of graphite for the North American battery supply chain. Continue Reading Kearney Mine The PEA prepared by WSP and independent Qualified Persons (" QP's ") confirms the strong economics for the Kearney Graphite Project, with a post-tax NPV (8%) of USD$183 million, 67% internal rate of return (" IRR "), and 1.3-year payback. The brownfield redevelopment project benefits from several characteristics, including existing historical infrastructure, transportation access, and previously disturbed industrial footprint, which collectively contribute to a comparatively reduced capital intensity, and accelerated development potential. The PEA economics are built on the sale of graphite concentrate, industrial graphite products, and upstream battery materials--established product categories with strong and growing demand across North American industrial, defence, energy storage, and battery supply chain markets. QUALIFIED PERSONS The scientific and technical information contained in this news release has been reviewed and approved by the following Qualified Persons as defined under NI 43-101, each of whom is independent of Global Battery Materials Corp.: Benjamin Berson, P.Eng., PMP , Principal Mining Engineer, WSP -- mining, and infrastructure Brian Thomas, P.Geo. , Senior Principal Geologist, WSP -- Mineral Resource Estimate Amir Maleki Ghahfarokhi, P.Geo. , Senior Geologist, WSP -- geology, exploration, and data verification Kerry Salvatori Lee, P.Eng. , Senior Principal Geotechnical Engineer, WSP -- tailings management Oliver Peters, P.Eng., M.Sc., MBA , President, Metpro Management Inc. -- metallurgical processing William (Bill) Stiebel, M.Sc., P.Geo., FGC , President, WHS Plc. -- environmental and water management Piers Wendlandt, PE , Vice President, Mining Engineer, WSP -- economic analysis and macroeconomic aspects. TABLE 1: SUMMARY OF PEA RESULTS -- KEARNEY GRAPHITE PROJECT Parameter Base Case After-Tax NPV (8% Discount Rate) USD$183 million After-Tax IRR 67 % After-Tax Payback Period 1.3 years After-Tax Cumulative Cashflows (undiscounted) USD$421 million Mine Life 20 years Initial Capital Expenditures CAD$65.9 million Sustaining Capital Expenditures CAD$30.9 million Operating Cost -- Diesel Phase CAD$31.35/t milled Operating Cost -- Grid Phase (44 kV) CAD$25.50/t milled Graphite Concentrate Grade ~95% Cg Indicated Mineral Resources 29.2 Mt @ 2.10% Cg Inferred Mineral Resources 33.8 Mt @ 1.90% Cg Exchange Rate Assumption CAD$1.40: US$1.00 Notes: The PEA is preliminary in nature and includes Inferred Mineral Resources that are considered too speculative geologically to have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as Mineral Reserves. There is no certainty that the results of the PEA will be realized. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. Mineral Resources are reported in accordance with 2014 CIM Definition Standards for Mineral Resources & Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resource Estimate effective date is June 1, 2026. PEA HIGHLIGHTS The PEA demonstrates robust economic parameters for the Kearney Graphite Project, supported by modest initial capital requirements, rapid payback, and substantial long-term cash generation potential, all within a brownfield redevelopment context that benefits from existing on-site infrastructure. On an after-tax basis, the Project generates a post-tax NPV (8%) of approximately USD$183 million , an IRR of approximately 67%, and a payback period of approximately 1.3 years . The Project is anticipated to generate cumulative after-tax cashflows of approximately USD$421 million over its approximately 20-year mine life. Initial capital expenditures are estimated at approximately CAD$65.9 million and include selective refurbishment of existing site infrastructure, modernization of processing facilities, development of a micronization facility, and indirect costs, contingency, and owner's costs. Sustaining capital expenditures are estimated at approximately CAD$30.9 million over the life of mine. The assessment contemplates a phased operational strategy designed to leverage existing site infrastructure while supporting future optimization opportunities, including a planned transition from diesel generator power to a regional 44 kV overhead grid connection. Operating costs are estimated at approximately CAD$31.35 per tonne milled during the initial diesel-powered phase and are expected to decrease to approximately CAD$25.50 per tonne milled following the future grid connection. The financial model assumes an exchange rate of CAD$1.40:US$1.00 for the full life of mine. The proposed operation envisions the redevelopment of Kearney as a conventional open-pit mining operation using contractor truck-and-shovel methods. Mineralized material would be processed through a flotation concentrator designed to produce a premium graphite concentrate at approximately 95% graphitic carbon . The study further contemplates the sale of approximately 50% of annual concentrate production to higher-value industrial and advanced materials markets while supporting the development of secure North American critical mineral supply chains. Located in Ontario, one of the world's premier mining jurisdictions, the Project benefits from access to transportation infrastructure, a skilled labour force, electrical power, and a well-established regulatory environment. MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE The Mineral Resource Estimate for the Kearney Graphite Project was prepared by Brian Thomas, P.Geo., of WSP, with an effective date of June 1, 2026, in accordance with 2014 CIM Definition Standards for Mineral Resources & Mineral Reserves. TABLE 2: MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE -- KEARNEY GRAPHITE PROJECT (Effective Date: June 1, 2026) Classification Deposit Tonnes Cg (%) Indicated McGuire 29,224,000 2.10 Total Indicated 29,224,000 2.10 Inferred McGuire 11,831,000 1.96 Inferred Sheehan 21,940,000 1.86 Total Inferred 33,772,000 1.90 Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods: Mineral Resources are reported at an open pit-constrained cut-off grade of 1.0% Cg, based on a graphite concentrate selling price of CAD$2,155/t, a USD/CAD exchange rate of 1.39, a process recovery of 89.4%, a mining cost of CAD$4.20/t mined, and a processing cost of CAD$13.92/t milled. The Mineral Resources were estimated by ordinary kriging. McGuire Indicated Mineral Resources are supported by 12 NQ drill holes completed in 2013 combined with 126 historical holes confirmed through a verification program. Sheehan Mineral Resources are classified as Inferred due to insufficient quality assurance/quality control (" QA/QC ") documentation of historical drill data. No Mineral Reserves have been declared. Inferred Mineral Resources are considered too speculative geologically to be categorized as Mineral Reserves. Rounding may result in apparent summation differences. Known Risks: Key risks that could materially affect the potential development of the mineral resources include: (i) partial reliance on historical drill data with limited original QA/QC documentation, particularly at Sheehan; (ii) historical McGuire assay values averaging approximately 15% higher than 2013 verification assays, introducing grade uncertainty; (iii) graphite price volatility driven in part by Chinese oversupply; (iv) dependency on a third-party-funded 44 kV transmission line within 12 months of production commencement; and (v) pending renewal of the Permit to Take Water and revision of the Mine Closure Plan. DATA VERIFICATION QP Maleki Ghahfarokhi (WSP) visited the Project site, inspected and verified the drill core condition, collected independent witness samples, reviewed the QA/QC procedures, and verified the drill hole database with available original documentation. QP Salvatori Lee visited the Project site and observed the current conditions of the tailings facility, dams, and polishing pond as well as reviewed existing technical documentation supporting the tailings design. QP Stiebel has visited the Project site several times and has examined the drill core and conducted discussions on site conditions with the environmental manager. QP Berson visited the site where he observed the historical pit wall stability and the mine haulage routes. He also visited the existing mill facilities as well as the polishing pond. Additionnaly QP Berson reviewed hydrogeological reports and available geotechnical data. QP Peters visited the Project site and collected samples for the 2016 process optimization program. MANAGEMENT COMMENTARY Commenting on the results, Eric Miller , Chief Executive Officer of Global Battery Materials Corp., stated: "The Kearney Graphite Project represents a rare opportunity to establish domestic graphite production quickly and with capital efficiency," said Eric Miller, CEO of GBM. "The mine has a proven history of supplying North American markets, and this study confirms the advantages of our brownfield approach. Combined with our advanced-stage anode material pilot plant in South Korea, GBM is ready to act with urgency to strengthen critical mineral supply chains." Miller continues, "WSP is a leader in mining infrastructure delivery and their work on the Kearney Graphite Project represents an important step toward executing an aggressive restart timeline. With a 1.3-year payback, 67% IRR, and a 20-year mine life on a proven, prior-producing asset, Kearney is one of the most reliable, cost-effective routes to secure domestic graphite supply in North America." Management believes that Kearney offers significant long-term upside potential beyond the scope of the current PEA. Opportunities identified by the study include additional Mineral Resource conversion drilling, and Mineral Resource expansion, process optimization, and infrastructure enhancements. The Company also intends to evaluate downstream graphite valorization opportunities, including advanced graphite products and battery anode materials. The Company intends to advance a Defenitive Feasibility Study as the next step in the Project's development. NI 43-101 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT The PEA is preliminary in nature and includes Inferred Mineral Resources that are considered too speculative geologically to have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as Mineral Reserves. There is no certainty that the results of the PEA will be realized, and Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. Additional engineering studies, permitting activities, metallurgical work, and economic assessments will be required before a development decision can be made. TECHNICAL REPORT FILING The Company intends to file the supporting NI 43-101 Technical Report on SEDAR+ within the time period prescribed by applicable Canadian securities legislation. The Technical Report will be available for review on the Company's SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca . It will include further details on qualifications, assumptions, exclusions, and risks that relate to the details of this news release, including the PEA and Mineral Resource estimate. The Technical Report is intended to be read as a whole, and sections should not be read or relied upon out of context. FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This news release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation, statements regarding the future development of the Kearney Graphite Project; the estimation of Mineral Resources and the realization of such mineral estimates; expectations with respect to increasing Mineral Resources with further work; the statements related to the PEA and other results of the PEA discussed in this news release, including, without limitation, project economics, financial and operational parameter such as expected production, capital expenditures, cash flow, NPV, IRR, payback period and life of mine; upside potential, opportunities for growth and expected next steps; the price of commodities; future technical studies; permitting activities; project financing; the potential conversion of Mineral Resources to Mineral Reserves; future graphite markets; downstream processing opportunities; and the Company's broader strategic objectives. Forward-looking information is based on assumptions management believes to be reasonable, including assumptions regarding commodity prices, market demand, permitting timelines, financing availability, operating costs, capital costs, labour, infrastructure, and regulatory approvals. There is no assurance that such assumptions will prove accurate. Forward-looking information is subject to risks including fluctuations in graphite prices; exploration and development risks; permitting and regulatory risks; environmental risks; financing risks; Mineral Resource estimation risks; construction and operating risks; inflationary pressures; and general business risks. The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of all risk factors. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated or intended. Readers are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information, as such information, although considered reasonable by the respective management of the Company at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Except as required by applicable securities legislation, the Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking information. ABOUT GLOBAL BATTERY MATERIALS CORP. Global Battery Materials Corp. (GBM) is a vertically integrated critical minerals and technology company delivering an ex-China battery supply chain from natural graphite products to active anode materials. The Company's platform combines a prior producing mine in Canada with a patented anode processing technology validated at a pilot plant in South Korea and set to be scaled in North America, establishing North America's fastest path to end-to-end critical material resiliency. Led by a management team with deep expertise in mining operations, battery science, and automotive supply, and backed by the Canadian government and a proprietary patent portfolio, GBM serves the defence, energy, industrial, and electric vehicle battery markets at the core of global supply chain security. Learn more at www.globalbatterymaterials.com . The PEA does not include GBM's downstream anode material production facilities--existing and planned--that will bring its graphite critical mineral from mine to market. The Company's anode materials business is built around proprietary anode processing technology, validated at its pilot production and R&D facility in South Korea, and set to be scaled at a mass production site in North America. GBM's future downstream processing capabilities complement concentrate and micronized graphite production from the Kearney Graphite Project. Media Contact: [email protected] Global Battery Materials Corp. © 2026 Global Battery Materials Corp. All rights reserved. SOURCE Global Battery Materials × Modal title Organization Profile Global Battery Materials Also from this source Five First Nations and Global Battery Materials Sign Letter of Agreement for Potential Equity Investment in Kearney Graphite Project Global Battery Materials Appoints Former Samsung Executive Dr. Yi Hyon Paik as Technical Advisor Global Battery Materials Ships First Graphite Samples to U.S. Customer, Opens New Graphite Lab in Quebec --> Contact PR Newswire 866-245-2317 from 7:30 AM - 6:30 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->