Acquisition Wynnstay Properties PLC 26 April 2023 The information communicated within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this information is considered to be in the public domain. WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Acquisition 26 April 2023 Wynnstay is pleased to announce that it has exchanged contracts for the acquisition from Citiclient (CCF) Nominees Limited and Citiclient (CCF) Nominees No 2 Limited, acting on behalf of The Charities Property Fund, of Riverdale Industrial Estate, Vale Road, Tonbridge, Kent TN9 1SS ("the Property") for a cash consideration of £2.35 million. The Property is freehold and comprises five industrial units arranged as two terraces with a central service yard. The estate is fully let to four tenants with a range of lease expiry dates. The current passing rent totals £140,350 per annum and is subject to three outstanding upward only rent reviews effective from 29 September 2022 and a pending lease expiry on 30 November 2023. The net initial yield is 5.6 per cent., which it is anticipated should rise to around 6.9 per cent. following a successful conclusion of the outstanding rent reviews and lease negotiations. The total acquisition cost of approximately £2.5 million, which includes stamp duty and other acquisition costs, is being funded entirely from the Company's existing cash resources. The acquisition in expected to be completed approximately two weeks after exchange of contracts. Commenting on the transaction Philip Collins, Chairman of Wynnstay, said: "The acquisition of this well-let estate is a good strategic fit with Wynnstay's existing portfolio in the South-east, including our Quarry Wood Industrial Estate at Aylesford." For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties Plc: Paul Williams, Managing Director 020 7554 8766 W H Ireland (Nominated Adviser and Broker): Hugh Morgan, Chris Hardie and Sarah Mather 020 7220 1666 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5076 For more information visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and