Acquisition Wynnstay Properties PLC 07 December 2023 The information communicated within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this information is considered to be in the public domain. WYNNSTAY PROPERTIES PLC ("Wynnstay" or the "Company") Acquisition 7 December 2023 Wynnstay is pleased to announce that it has exchanged contracts for the acquisition from three members of the Gunne family of Units 1-4, 18a Wildmere Road, Banbury, OX16 3JU ("the Banbury Property") and Unit 14, The IO Centre, Whittle Way, Stevenage, SG1 2BD ("the Stevenage Property") for an aggregate cash consideration of £2.525 million (the "Acquisition"). The Banbury Property is freehold and comprises two industrial buildings, separately let to established national and regional trade counter businesses, with service yards and an access road. The total rent passing is £103,425 per annum. The net initial yield is 6.0 per cent., which is anticipated to rise to provide a reversionary yield of around 7.0 per cent. after a lease renewal or reletting in 2025 and a rent review in 2026. The Stevenage Property is held on a 999-year lease at a nominal rent and comprises a mid-terrace industrial unit. The rent passing on the single occupational sub-lease to an established national trade counter business is £57,550 per annum. The net initial yield is 6.0 per cent. which is anticipated to rise to provide a reversionary yield of 7.2 per cent. after a rent review in 2026. The total cost of the Acquisition, which includes stamp duty and other acquisition costs, is anticipated to be slightly less than £2.7 million and is predominantly being funded from Wynnstay's cash resources, with approximately one-third being funded from existing borrowing facilities. The Acquisition in expected to complete at the beginning of 2024. Commenting on the transaction Chris Betts, Managing Director of Wynnstay, said: " The acquisition of these highly accessible and well-let properties broadens the geographic spread of Wynnstay's portfolio and enhances our focus on the growth potential of the light industrial/trade counter warehouse sector." For further information please contact: Wynnstay Properties Plc: Chris Betts, Managing Director 020 7554 8766 W H Ireland (Nominated Adviser and Broker): Hugh Morgan, Chris Hardie and Sarah Mather 020 7220 1666 LEI number: 2138006MASI24JYW5076 For more information visit: www.wynnstayproperties.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wynnstay Properties (WSP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and