Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or
in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.
XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED
ʮ̡
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock code: 00868)
NEGATIVE PROFIT ALERT
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025
This announcement is made by the board (the “ Board ”) of directors (the
“Directors ”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “ Company ”, which together with
its subsidiaries, the “ Group ”) pursuant to Rule 13.09(2) of The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Listing
Rules ”) and the inside information provisions under Part XIV A of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong).
Following a preliminary review of the currently available information which
includes, but without limitation to, the unaudited consolidated financial statements
of the Company for the five months ended 31 May 2025 and certain financial
information for the month ended 30 June 2025, the Board wishes to inform the
shareholders (the “ Shareholders ”) and the prospective investors of the Company
that the amount of the consolidated net profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Company (the “ Net Profit ”) for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “ 1H2025 ”)
is expected to decrease by 55% to 65%, as compared to the amount of the Net Profit
of RMB2,509.3 million 1 for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “ 1H2024 ”). The
expected decrease in the amount of the Net Profit for the 1H2025 is primarily due to
the following:
(1) the continuous decreases in the amount of revenue and gross profit generated
from the Group’s float glass business because of (a) the significant decreases in
1 As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 December 2024, the presentation
currency of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2024 has changed from Hong Kong dollars (HK$) to Renminbi (RMB). Therefore, the
comparative figure of the Net Profit for the 1H2024 (HK$2,729.9 million) has been restated to
RMB accordingly.
−1−
the number of newly completed property projects in the People’s Republic of
China (the “ PRC ”); (b) the sluggish demand for the float glass products; and (c)
the suppressed market prices of the float glass products in the PRC during the
1H2025, as compared to the 1H2024;
(2) the decrease in the amount of profit shared from an associate of the Company,
Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“ Xinyi Solar ”), a company listed on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Stock Exchange ”) (stock code: 00968),
during the 1H2025, further information on which is set forth in the
announcement of Xinyi Solar of today’s date; and
(3) the increase in the amount of the impairment loss arising from the idle
production facilities of the Group in the PRC and the amount of loss of disposal
of certain production facilities of the Group in the PRC.
The information in this announcement is based on the information currently available
to the Board. Hence, the information in this announcement is subject to change or
adjustment following further review by the Board. The information in this
announcement has not been reviewed by the auditors of the Company or the audit
committee of the Board.
The Board expects that the announcement of the unaudited consolidated results of the
Group for the 1H2025 will be published in compliance with the requirements under
the Listing Rules.
Shareholders and prospective investors of the Company are advised to exercise
caution when dealing in the shares of the Company.
By order of the Board
XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED
Dr. LEE Yin Y ee, S.B.S.
Chairman
Hong Kong, 18 July 2025
As of the date of this announcement, the Board comprises four executive Directors, namely Dr . LEE
Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman), Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai
P .S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P . and Mr . LEE Shing Kan, M.H., four non-executive Directors, namely Mr . LI Ching
Wai, Mr . LI Ching Leung, Mr . SZE Nang Sze and Mr . NG Ngan Ho, and four independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr . LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr . WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr . TRAN Chuen Wah,
John and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J,P ..
This announcement will be published on the websites of the Stock Exchange at www.hkex.com.hk and
the Company at www.xinyiglass.com.hk.
−2−