EBOS Group Limited. NZBN 9429031998840 
108 Wrights Road, Addington, Christchurch, New Zealand, 8024 
Level 7, 737 Bourke Street, Docklands, Victoria, Australia, 3008  
Phone: +61 3 9918 5555, Fax: +61 3 9918 5588. 
www.ebosgroup.com 
17 September 2026 
NZX/ASX Code: EBO 
Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Form 
Please see attached the 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Form.   
Authorised for lodgement with NZX and ASX by Janelle Cain, General Counsel, EBOS Group 
Limited. 
Contact: 
Janelle Cain 
General Counsel 
EBOS Group Limited 
+ 61 3 9918 5555
For personal use only
Notice of 
Annual Meeting
For personal use only
EBOS Notice of Annual Meeting 2026
Notice is given that the annual meeting of shareholders of EBOS 
Group Limited (the Company) (Annual Meeting) will be held as a 
hybrid meeting at the Te Kawau Room, Akarana Marine Sports 
Centre, 8-10 Tamaki Drive, Okahu Bay, Auckland, New Zealand and 
online via the Computershare Meeting Platform at https://meetnow.
global/nz on Wednesday 21 October 2026, commencing at 2pm New 
Zealand time. Further details of how to participate ‘virtually’ are in 
the Virtual Meeting Guide, which is available at www.computershare.
com/vm-guide-nz.
General Business
1	
To consider and receive the annual report and the financial 
statements for the year ended 30 June 2026 and the audit report 
thereon.
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following ordinary 
resolutions 1 and 2:
2	
Resolution 1 – Re-election of Director
It is resolved that Julie Tay be re-elected as a director  
of the Company.
3	
Resolution 2 – Auditor’s remuneration
It is resolved that the directors of the Company be authorised to fix 
the fees and expenses of Deloitte as auditor of the Company. 
4	
To consider any other business that can be properly brought before 
the meeting..
Please see explanatory notes for further information regarding 
resolutions 1 and 2. 
By Order of the Board
Elizabeth Coutts 
Chair
Explanatory notes 
Resolution 1 
Re-election of Director – Julie Tay
Julie Tay (BA, MBA) was appointed as a director on 15 May 2023 and 
was last elected by shareholders on 24 October 2023.
Ms Tay is based in Singapore and has over 30 years’ experience in 
international executive and non-executive roles across consumer 
healthcare, medical devices and digital healthcare. Ms Tay is currently 
a director of Sonova Holding AG, a global hearing care solutions 
company headquartered in Switzerland and listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.
During her executive career, Ms Tay was Senior Vice President and 
Managing Director, Asia Pacific at Align Technology, a global medical 
device company focused on the orthodontic and dental markets. In 
this role, she led the establishment of Align Technology in Asia and, 
over nine years, built Invisalign into a leading brand across 14 markets. 
Ms Tay was also a member of Align Technology’s global Executive 
Management Committee.
Prior to this, Ms Tay was Regional Head of Bayer Healthcare (Diabetes 
Care) in Asia Pacific and held senior executive roles in Asia with 
Johnson Diversey and Johnson & Johnson.
Ms Tay holds a Bachelor of Social Sciences (Psychology and Political 
Science) from the National University of Singapore and an MBA from 
Curtin University. She has also completed the International Directors 
Programme at INSEAD and is a member of the Young Presidents’ 
Organization (YPO).
The Board considers Ms Tay to be an Independent Director for the 
purposes of the NZX Listing Rules.
Pursuant to NZX Listing Rule 2.7.1 and ASX Listing Rule 14.4, a director 
must not hold office without re-election past the third annual meeting 
following the director’s appointment, or 3 years, whichever is longer. 
Notice of Annual Meeting 2026
For personal use only
EBOS Notice of Annual Meeting 2026
Resolution 2 
Auditor’s remuneration
Deloitte is automatically reappointed as the auditor of the Company 
under section 207T of the Companies Act 1993. Pursuant to section 
207S of the Companies Act 1993, this resolution authorises the 
directors to fix the fees and expenses of the auditor.
Attendance
All shareholders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting or to 
appoint a proxy, attorney or representative (in the case of a corporate 
shareholder) to attend and vote on their behalf.
Voting
Voting on all resolutions put before this Annual Meeting will be by poll. 
Results of voting will be available after the conclusion of the Annual 
Meeting and will be notified on NZX and ASX. 
If you are attending at the Akarana Marine Sports Centre in Auckland, 
you may vote using a voting card provided to you at the meeting or via 
the Computershare Meeting Platform.
All resolutions are to be voted on as ordinary resolutions, meaning 
that they require approval by a simple majority of the votes of those 
shareholders entitled to vote and voting on the question.
Proxies
The appointment of a proxy must be made online at  
www.investorvote.co.nz or, if you complete the accompanying proxy 
form enclosed with this notice in accordance with the instructions set 
out in the form, it must be received by Computershare by no later than 
2pm (New Zealand time) on Monday 19 October 2026.
If you do not plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you may appoint a 
proxy. The Chair of the Annual Meeting is willing to act as a proxy for 
any shareholder who appoints that person for that purpose. To do this, 
enter “the Chair” or the name of your proxy in the space allocated 
in “Step 1” of the proxy form. Alternatively, you can appoint a proxy 
online at www.investorvote.co.nz. An appointed proxy need not be a 
shareholder of the Company.
If, in appointing your proxy, you do not name a person as your proxy 
(either online or on the proxy form), or your named proxy does not 
attend the meeting, the Chair of the Annual Meeting will be your 
proxy and may vote only in accordance with your express direction. 
ASX Listing Rule 14.2.2 requires the Company to state how the Chair 
will vote undirected (discretionary) proxies. The Chair will vote all 
undirected proxies in favour of all of the resolutions.
For personal use only
For personal use only
Lodge your proxy
Online
www.investorvote.co.nz
By Mail 
Computershare Investor Services Limited Private 
Bag 92119, Victoria Street West, 
Auckland 1142, New Zealand
For all enquiries contact
+64 9 488 8777
corporateactions@computershare.co.nz
Your secure access information
Control Number: 	
				
 CSN/Securityholder Number:
PLEASE NOTE:  	You will need your CSN/Securityholder Number and postcode or country of residence (if outside New Zealand) to 	
securely access InvestorVote and then follow the prompts to appoint your proxy and exercise your vote online.
Proxy/Voting Form  
Lodge your proxy online, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week:
www.investorvote.co.nz
Scan the QR code to vote now.
Smartphone?
For your proxy to be effective it must be received by 2:00pm on Monday, 19th October 2026.
How to Vote on Items of Business
All your securities will be voted in accordance with your directions.
Hybrid meeting
The hybrid meeting will be accessible on both desktop and mobile devices. 
Further information is provided in the Virtual Meeting Guide available at 
www.computershare.com/vm-guide-nz. If you appoint a proxy to cast your vote, you 
are still able to attend the Annual Meeting via the Computershare Meeting Services 
web platform, however, you will not be able to cast your votes held by your proxy.
Appointment of Proxy
If you do not plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you may appoint a proxy. The Chair 
of the Annual Meeting is willing to act as a proxy for any shareholder who appoints 
that person for that purpose. To do this, enter ‘the Chair’ or the name of your proxy in 
the space allocated in ‘Step 1’of this form. Alternatively you can appoint a proxy 
online at www.investorvote.co.nz. An appointed proxy need not be a shareholder of 
the Company.
If in appointing your proxy, you do not name a person as your proxy (either online or on 
this Proxy Form), or your named proxy does not attend the meeting, the Chair of the 
Annual Meeting will be your proxy and may vote only in accordance with your express 
direction. ASX Listing Rule 14.2.2 requires the Company to state how the Chair will vote 
undirected (discretionary) proxies. The Chair will vote all undirected proxies in favour 
of all of the resolutions.
Voting of your Holding
Direct your proxy how to vote by marking one of the boxes opposite each item of business. 
If you do not mark a box your proxy may vote as they choose. If you mark more than one 
box on an item your vote will be invalid on that item.
Attending the Meeting
Bring this form to assist registration. If a representative of a corporate securityholder or 
proxy is to attend the meeting you will need to provide the appropriate “Certificate of 
Appointment of Corporate Representative” prior to admission.
Signing Instructions for Postal Forms
Individual
Where the holding is in one name, the securityholder must sign.
Joint Holding
Where the holding is in more than one name, all of the securityholders should sign.
Power of Attorney
If this Proxy Form has been signed under a power of attorney, a copy of the power of 
attorney (unless already deposited with the Company) and a signed certificate of 
non-revocation of the power of attorney must be produced with this Proxy Form.
Companies
This form must be signed by a Director jointly with another Director, or a Sole Director can 
sign alone. Please sign in the appropriate place and indicate the office held.
Comments and questions  
If you have any comments or questions for the Company, please write them on a separate 
sheet of paper and return with this form.
Go online to lodge your proxy or turn over to complete the form
For personal use only
If your proxy is not the Chair of the Meeting or any other director of the Company, please ensure that you provide their contact details (phone and 
email address). If this information is not provided, we cannot guarantee remote admission via the Computershare Meeting Services web platform.
Proxy contact Details (Phone):                                                                          and (Email):
Appoint a Proxy to Vote on Your Behalf
STEP 1
Proxy/Corporate Representative Form
hereby appoint 
of
or failing him/her
of
I/We being a shareholder/s of EBOS Group Limited
or failing him/her, or if no person is named, the Chair of the Annual Meeting
as my/our proxy to act generally at the meeting on my/our behalf and to vote in accordance with the following directions at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of 
EBOS Group Limited to be held in the Te Kawau Room at Akarana Marine Sports Centre, 8-10 Tamaki Drive, Okahu Bay, Auckland, New Zealand and online via the 
Computershare Meeting Platform at https://meetnow.global/nz on Wednesday, 21 October 2026, commencing at 2:00pm New Zealand time and at any adjournment 
of that meeting.
Proxy 
Discretion
Ordinary Resolutions
1.
It is resolved that Julie Tay be re-elected as a director of the Company.
2.
It is resolved that the directors of the Company be authorised to fix the fees and expenses of Deloitte as auditor 
of the Company.
For
Against
Abstain
Items of Business - Voting Instructions/Ballot Paper
Please note: If you mark the Abstain box for an item, you are directing your proxy not to vote on your behalf and your votes will not be counted in 
computing the required majority.
STEP 2
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of EBOS Group Limited to be held in the 
Te Kawau Room at Akarana Marine Sports Centre, 8-10 Tamaki Drive, 
Okahu Bay, Auckland, New Zealand and online via the 
Computershare Meeting Platform at https://meetnow.global/nz on 
Wednesday, 21 October 2026, commencing at 2:00pm New Zealand time .
ATTENDANCE SLIP
Signature of Securityholder(s)  This section must be completed.
SIGN
Securityholder 1
Securityholder 2 
Securityholder 3
or Sole Director/Director
or Director (if more than one)
Contact Name	
Contact Daytime Telephone	
Date
For personal use only