EBOS Group Limited. NZBN 9429031998840 
108 Wrights Road, Addington, Christchurch, New Zealand, 8024 
Level 7, 737 Bourke Street, Docklands, Victoria, Australia, 3008  
Phone: +61 3 9918 5555, Fax: +61 3 9918 5588. 
www.ebosgroup.com 
15 September 2026 
NZX/ASX Code: EBO 
FY2026 Climate Statement 
Please see attached EBOS’ Climate Statement in respect of the year ended 30 June 2026.  A copy is 
also available at: https://www.ebosgroup.com/sustainability/climate-statement. 
Authorised for lodgement with NZX and ASX by Janelle Cain, General Counsel, EBOS Group 
Limited. 
Contact: 
Janelle Cain 
General Counsel 
EBOS Group Limited 
+ 61 3 9918 5555
For personal use only
1
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures for FY26
Climate 
Statement
For personal use only
2
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
Table 1: Overview of climate scenarios
Table 2: Overview of projected climate hazards 
Table 3: Climate-related risks
Table 4: Climate-related opportunities 
Table 5: EBOS’ transition plan progress to date 
Table 6: Assured GHG emissions
Table 7: Non-assured GHG emissions
Table 8: Other metrics
Table 9: Targets
Figure 1: Organisational Structure and ESG Committee composition
Figure 2: EBOS Group’s value chain 
Figure 3: Gross Operating Revenue
Tables
Figures
1. 	 Introduction	
3
2. 	 Governance	
5
3. 	 Risk Management	
7
4. 	 Strategy	
8
5. 	 Metrics and Targets	
21
6. 	 Independent Auditor’s Report	
26
Contents
For personal use only
3
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
1.1 Purpose
This Climate Statement has been prepared to inform investors, 
potential investors, lenders and other creditors (being defined 
categories of ‘primary users’ of this Climate Statement) about 
material climate-related matters for EBOS Group Limited (EBOS 
or the Group) as required by the New Zealand Financial Markets 
Conduct Act 2013 (FMCA). 
For our broader stakeholder group, we also provide an overview  
of our ESG activities and strategies, including Ethical Sourcing,  
Our People, Community and Environment, Data Security and 
Privacy, and Sustainable Packaging in our annual report and online 
at https://www.ebosgroup.com/sustainability.
1.2 Statement of compliance
This Climate Statement has been prepared by EBOS for the 
period 1 July 2025 – 30 June 2026 (FY26). It has been prepared in 
compliance with the ‘Aotearoa New Zealand Climate Standards’ 
(the NZCS). Use of adoption provisions is set out at Section 1.6 below.
1.3 Reporting period and entity
The climate-related disclosures in this report have been prepared 
for the same reporting period and reporting entity as the Group’s 
annual financial statement for FY26. All financial information is 
presented in Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated.
1.4 Principles of reporting
This report is EBOS’ third mandatory Climate Statement and sets 
out the current understanding of EBOS’ climate-related risks 
and opportunities as well as current and anticipated impacts of 
climate change on the Group, and how we manage these risks. 
The information contained in this report reflects our current 
understanding as at 14 September 2026, in respect of FY26. 
Disclaimer 
Climate-related information 
During FY26, EBOS continued to refine its climate-related risks 
and opportunities, its anticipated impacts from these risks and 
opportunities, and its transition plan. The description of these items 
in this Climate Statement replaces those in our previous Climate 
Statement and related disclosures in our Annual Reports and 
Sustainability Reports.
We acknowledge that some information in this Climate Statement 
will evolve over time and that the data and inputs we have 
disclosed are also evolving, and in many cases novel and based 
on significant assumptions. As such, the representations in this 
Climate Statement are subject to significant uncertainties. 
In some cases, we rely on suitably qualified third parties for 
information included in this Climate Statement (for example, 
but not limited to, projected climate opportunities and risks and 
anticipated impacts). The information available from third parties 
may change over time due to a number of factors, including 
a change in reporting methodology or changes in reporting 
standards applying to that third party.
Forward-looking statements 
This report contains forward-looking statements, including climate-
related scenarios, targets, assumptions, climate projections, 
forecasts, statements of EBOS’ future intentions, estimates and 
judgements. These statements involve assumptions, forecasts and 
projections about EBOS’ present and future strategies and the 
environment in which EBOS will operate in the future, which are 
inherently uncertain and subject to limitations, particularly as to 
inputs, available data and information which is likely to change. 
The risks and opportunities described here, and our strategies 
to achieve our transition plan and targets, may not eventuate or 
may be more or less significant than anticipated. There are many 
factors that could cause EBOS’ actual results, or performance 
or achievement of climate-related metrics (including targets), 
to differ materially from that described, including economic and 
technological viability, as well as climatic, government, consumer, 
and market factors outside of EBOS’ control (see also section 1.5 
below). EBOS has sought to provide a reasonable basis for forward-
looking statements and is committed to progressing our response 
to climate-related risks and opportunities over time, but we 
underscore that aspects of this report are necessarily less reliable 
than other aspects of our annual reporting.
This report is not an offer document and does not constitute an 
offer or invitation or investment recommendation to distribute 
or purchase securities, shares, or other interests. Nothing in this 
report should be interpreted as capital growth, earnings, or any 
other legal, financial tax or other advice or guidance. For detailed 
information on our financial performance, please refer to our 
annual report.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, EBOS and its directors, 
officers, employees and contractors shall not be liable for any 
loss or damage arising in any way from or in connection with any 
information provided or omitted as part of this Climate Statement.
1.5 Disclosure risk factors, including in relation to targets
There are several factors that may impact the Group’s ability to 
achieve our transition plan and targets, or impact the accuracy 
of the risk and opportunity assessment set out in this Climate 
Statement. These include:
Market and industry dynamics outside our strategic  
planning horizon:  
Our annual strategic business review horizon is typically three 
years, which we consider adequate for our wholesale, distribution 
and contract logistics activities. These activities, which comprise 
84% of Gross Operating Revenue (GOR)1 (see section 4.4) are service 
offerings that require dynamic responses to market changes 
and changes in the behaviours of market participants, including 
governments. Developments unrelated to climate, such as, but not 
limited to, medical advancements, new funding models, geopolitical 
risks, global or regional health crises, and changes to care delivery, 
could result in a strategic response or business and industry 
changes that could invalidate the risk and opportunity assessment 
in this disclosure. 
Regulatory, policy and market practice risks:  
There have been and continue to be frequent changes in climate-
related policies, laws and market practice in the markets in 
which the Group operates. The dynamic regulatory environment 
and developing market practice could create uncertainty 
and complicate long-term planning – for example, changes in 
expectations or requirements regarding the use of offsets could 
risk the Group’s ability to meet its current and future targets. 
The implementation of stricter emission reduction targets or 
sustainability standards may necessitate significant operational 
changes and investment. The financial burden of complying with 
new regulations, including reporting and mitigation requirements, 
could result in increased costs for the Group. 
Regulatory approvals/ changes impacting solar arrays:  
The Group’s ability to meet the targets we have set (see section 
5.4) relies, in part, on the construction and commissioning of solar 
arrays in Australia and the entry into relevant agreements related 
to those solar arrays. The construction and commissioning of the 
arrays may be impacted by delays in regulatory approvals, the 
timely implementation of necessary government-owned electricity 
distribution network infrastructure or regulatory changes.
1 Gross Operating Revenue (GOR) comprises revenue less cost of sales.
1. Introduction
For personal use only
4
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
Availability and affordability of carbon credits, offsets,  
Energy Attribute Certificates, and renewable energy:  
The ability to meet the targets we have set relies, in part, on 
Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) 2 , Energy Attribute 
Certificates (EACs)3 and renewable energy being available at an 
economic price. The Group does not control the price of these. If the 
price was to substantially increase such that it was uneconomic 
for the Group to purchase, this would impact the Group’s ability to 
meet its targets. 
Leased sites:  
The Group has a mix of owned and leased sites. Where large sites 
are leased and can do so, the Group will work with the landlord 
on GHG emissions reduction strategies at the sites. However, 
it is possible that landlords could refuse or limit the Group’s 
requirements.
Investing for growth: 
The Group has a well-established strategy of investing for growth, 
including through acquisitions and organically. When businesses 
are acquired, these will be included in our greenhouse gas 
(GHG) inventory from date of acquisition completion. There is no 
guarantee that the Group will be able to meet its current and future 
targets where investing for growth leads to material changes to 
our operations, such as a material increase in the Group’s GHG 
inventory as a result of acquisitions or other strategic changes. 
In addition, it could lead to increased costs, for example, an 
increase in the Group’s GHG inventory could lead to a significant 
corresponding increase in the amount of offsets acquired by the 
Group or in costs related to measures to limit GHG emissions, 
and could impact the risk and opportunity assessment in this 
disclosure. The Group may need to revise its transition plan, 
strategies or targets as a result.
Operational risks:  
In order to achieve its targets, the Group will need to invest in 
projects (such as construction of solar arrays). There are risks 
associated with such projects, for example, delays to completion 
or implementation, approval delays, additional direct and indirect 
costs (including the cost of materials and labour, supply shortages 
and latent conditions), and actual results not meeting projected 
outcomes. These factors could impact the risk and opportunity 
assessment in this disclosure or the Group’s ability to meet its 
current or future targets.
Technological advances and adoption of technology:  
The Group’s targets (both present and potential future targets) 
and the Group’s transition plan are dependent on the availability 
of technology that is feasible on both a commercial and technical 
basis. 
1.6 Adoption provisions
For this third mandatory report, EBOS has elected to apply the 
following NZ CS 2 adoption provisions:
• Adoption provision 2: Anticipated financial impacts – This 
provides an exemption from disclosing the anticipated financial 
impact of climate-related risks and opportunities and the time 
horizons over which the risks and opportunities are expected 
to occur. We continue to build processes to assess and quantify 
these impacts.
• Adoption provision 4: Scope 3 GHG emissions – This provides an 
exemption from disclosing our Scope 3 GHG emissions.  
We are continuing to mature our processes to establish our 
carbon inventory. 
• Adoption provision 7: Analysis of trends – This provides an 
exemption from disclosing analysis of the trends from a 
comparison of Scope 3 emissions from previous reporting periods 
where Adoption Provision 4 has been used to not disclose all/
certain Scope 3 emissions.
2 One ACCU represents one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2-e) that would have otherwise been released into the atmosphere under the Australian 
Government’s Australian Carbon Credit Unit (ACCU) Scheme.
3 One EAC represents 1 megawatt-hour (MWh) of renewable electricity generated and delivered to the grid. The names of EACs vary by region.
For personal use only
5
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
This section describes the role of the EBOS Board in overseeing 
climate-related risks and opportunities, and the role of 
management in assessing and managing those considerations. 
2.1 Governance of climate-related risks and opportunities (CRROs)
Role of the Board
In accordance with our Corporate Governance Code, the Board 
has responsibility for approving, overseeing and monitoring the 
Group’s response to, and management of, climate-related risks 
and opportunities. It has established regular reporting to guide 
and monitor implementation of EBOS’ ESG Program, including 
assessment and management of climate-related impacts, in 
line with other aspects of corporate strategy. Climate change 
considerations fall within the Community and Environment pillar of 
our ESG Program, together with other material topics. 
In FY26, the Board held six regular meetings. The Group’s ESG 
Update, which includes consideration of climate-related impacts 
and climate-related performance, was included on the agenda 
at each of these meetings. The ESG Committee Chair (being the 
General Counsel), Chief Executive Officer (CEO), or a member of 
the enterprise leadership team, reports to the Board on the ESG 
Update. The CEO, with input from the ESG Committee, proposes 
targets for GHG emissions and other metrics and targets for 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities, which are then 
presented to the Board for review, input and approval. Progress 
towards achievement of these metrics and targets is reviewed at 
least annually (including in FY26).
The Board reviews the Group’s strategic risk profile from time 
to time (including in FY26). This includes climate-related risks 
incorporated into specific non-financial risks such as ‘supply chain 
disruption’ and ‘loss of critical operations’. The Board also approves 
the Group’s risk appetite statements (including once in FY26) 
setting out the level of risk the Group is willing to take in relation to 
specific risk categories. 
The Board reviews and approves the Group’s annual Climate 
Statement, as well as the CRROs, climate scenario analysis, and the 
transition plan incorporated within the Climate Statement. 
The Board monitors certain metrics and targets, including through 
the regular reports from the Chair of the ESG Committee at regular 
Board meetings, and as part of the presentation of the annual 
financial and climate-related disclosures.
Whenever applicable, the Board intends to consider climate-
related impacts of all material investments, including mergers and 
acquisitions and investments in infrastructure and physical assets. 
Section 3.2 provides further detail on our capital allocation process. 
Board materials for these investments will include a statement on 
relevant climate-related risks and opportunities. 
In addition to considering climate-related impacts of material 
investments, the Board considers the Group’s broader 
responsibilities to the communities we serve, as documented in our 
annual report. The annual report is also reviewed and approved by 
the Board. 
Role of the Audit and Risk Committee
The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) is a committee of the Board 
and is made up of a subset of members of the Board. In accordance 
with its Charter, the ARC assists the Board in exercising due care, 
diligence and skill for identifying and monitoring material business 
risks, including climate risks. 
The ARC had three regular meetings in FY26. The CEO and Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) report to the ARC on strategic risks, 
including climate-related risks as relevant, at every ARC meeting. 
Through this reporting, the ARC monitors the Group’s strategic 
risk profile and the implementation of risk appetite levels, which it 
reports back to the Board.
The ARC also reviews, and recommends to the Board for approval, 
the Group’s annual Climate Statement.
2.2 Board training and competence
The Board undertakes appropriate training as set out in the 
Corporate Governance Code. Formal training on climate risk 
(approximately every two years) supports Board members to keep 
up to date about the evolving climate-related risk and opportunity 
landscape and the company’s obligations regarding climate risk 
reporting. Additional ad-hoc training will be provided in response to 
major new developments, as required.
The Board skills matrix reflects Board members’ experience in 
developing and overseeing environmental and social responsibility 
agendas, and specifically, programs related to climate risk. 
2.3 Management of climate-related risks and opportunities 
At a management level, the CEO and CFO report to each of the 
regular ARC meetings on the Group’s material enterprise risks.  
The risk rating of these risks is reviewed regularly and updated on 
an as-needed basis. Management presents proposed changes to 
risks and risk ratings, including climate-related risks, to the Board, 
or the ARC, as required.
The CEO has delegated responsibilities for executive management 
of the identification of the Group’s climate-related risks and 
opportunities to the ESG Committee, chaired by the General 
Counsel4. 
In accordance with its Charter, the ESG Committee is composed 
of executive leaders of the Group’s major business functions with 
responsibility for the ESG Program (Figure 1). The ESG Program 
comprises various sub-strategies focused on material topics 
identified and refined through stakeholder engagement. 
In FY26, the ESG Committee met three times to monitor the 
implementation of the ESG Program, including climate-related 
metrics, targets, risks and opportunities. It recommends 
improvements for the ESG Program and related management 
processes, as needed, to the CEO, ARC and Board. As noted above, 
the Chair of the ESG Committee provides an ESG Update to the 
Board at every regular board meeting (including six times in FY26).
These are the key formal mechanisms for management to be 
informed about, make decisions on and monitor climate-related 
risks and opportunities. The ESG Committee also oversees 
the preparation of the Group’s annual Climate Statement in 
compliance with relevant legislation. The Climate Statement is 
reviewed by the Group CEO and CFO prior to being presented to 
the ARC for review and Board for approval.
2.4 Remuneration
While progress in relation to the Group’s ESG Program is factored 
into the determination of the CEO short-term incentive outcome, 
climate-related performance metrics are not currently specifically 
incorporated into the Group’s executive remuneration policies or 
approaches. We intend to consider from time to time if climate-
related targets should be included in executive remuneration with 
due consideration of the materiality of identified risks and the 
Group’s performance against plans and targets. There is no change 
compared to the prior reporting period and FY24.
2. Governance
4 As at 30 June 2026.
For personal use only
6
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
Figure 1: Organisational Structure and ESG Committee composition as at 30 June 2026
General Manager, 
Ethicals and Pharmacy 
Practice, Retail 
Pharmacy Brands
Executive  
General Manager, 
Healthcare  
Partnerships
Animal Care  
Head of R&D  
& Innovation
Corporate 
Communications 
Manager
General Manager,  
Legal, Risk  
& Compliance,  
MedTech
Head of Investor 
Relations
Head of Risk
Executive
General
Manager HR
Head of 
Communications 
and Corporate 
Affairs
Senior Legal  
Counsel −  
Governance
Group CEO
Audit and Risk Committee
Board
ESG Committee Chair – General Counsel
For personal use only
7
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
This section describes how climate-related risks are identified, 
assessed and managed and how those processes are integrated 
into our enterprise risk management processes.
3.1 Climate-related risk management processes
In FY26, we undertook a review of our CRROs with support from 
an external consultant. After a desktop review that included an 
analysis of peer disclosures, a series of workshops were held with 
key stakeholders from each of our businesses to identify, validate 
and assess CRROs using the EBOS’ climate-related scenarios set 
out in section 4.2. 
The methodology used to qualitatively assess our CRROs utilised 
the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework (Framework), 
including the enterprise risk rating system. This system utilises a 
standard process which is followed across the Group to consistently 
assess risk by evaluating the likelihood and consequence of each 
risk to ultimately inform the risk rating, which informs materiality. 
The scope of this assessment did not explicitly exclude any part of 
the value chain. To address the scale and diversity of our activities 
across Healthcare and Animal Care, impacts for individual business 
segments are consolidated up to a Group level. The outcomes of 
this assessment are set out at Tables 3 and 4 and were reported to 
the ARC and approved by the Board. 
During FY27, we will continue to work on quantifying the anticipated 
financial impacts of our CRROs as required. Our ESG Committee 
oversees the review of our CRROs at least annually. It is anticipated 
that the Group will engage an external consultant to support 
the review approximately every three years, or earlier if business 
activities change materially.
Climate-related risks are incorporated into the Group’s assessment 
of enterprise risks. They are assessed based on the enterprise risk 
rating system.
3.2 Enterprise risk management processes
The Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) system is 
supported by clearly defined governance, accountability and 
oversight arrangements. The Group’s ERM approach is based 
on the “three lines model”, with clear segregation between risk 
ownership, risk management, independent assurance and risk 
oversight.
The Group defines risk management as the systematic 
identification, assessment and treatment of risks that could 
materially impact the Group’s operations, people, reputation, 
financial prospects, the environment and the communities in which 
it operates.
The ERM system comprises of the ERM Policy (Policy), the 
Framework, Risk Appetite Statements and supporting tools and 
templates. These elements are aligned with the Group’s strategic 
objectives, regulatory obligations, stakeholder expectations and 
operational requirements.
The Policy defines the Group’s approach to enterprise risk 
management and the minimum practices implemented to ensure 
appropriate management of material risks across the Group. 
The Group defines risk as the effect of uncertainty on the 
achievement of the Group’s strategic and business objectives, and 
Material Risks as those risks that have the potential to significantly 
impact the achievement of those objectives. Material risks are 
determined following completion of a risk assessment, utilising a 
risk rating system (including a likelihood and consequence matrix). 
The Policy also outlines the roles and responsibilities of the Board, 
ARC and Management to achieve these objectives. In assessing 
climate-related risks, we adopt the same time horizons as for our 
scenario analysis, detailed in Section 4.2 - Scenario Analysis.
We assess which enterprise risks are material and their significance 
in the Group on a regular basis using the same risk rating system 
used for climate risks. Climate-related impacts may contribute to 
specific enterprise-wide risks such as ‘Supply chain disruption’ and 
‘Loss of critical operations’.
Outcomes of the climate scenario analysis and climate impact 
assessments are consistent with the Group’s enterprise risk profile. 
We continue to review our exposure to material environmental 
and social risks as part of the risk identification processes and will 
incorporate any new risks or impacts we identify in future, such 
as through climate scenario analysis and insurance assessments, 
where appropriate. Building resilience, including resilience 
to natural hazards and climate-related events, is an existing 
practice within the Group’s property function when selecting and 
constructing new distribution and manufacturing facilities, and 
assessing site closures or movements. 
Internal capital requests of more than $200,000 are subject to 
an internal capital allocation process, whereby if the deployment 
of capital is related to any climate-related risks or opportunities, 
an assessment is to be undertaken to determine the level of 
impact, positive or negative, of the investment. The results of this 
assessment are then used as part of the approval process of that 
capital request.
Section 4.4 – Transition Planning, covers our approach to capital 
allocation.
3. Risk Management
For personal use only
8
EBOS Group Climate-related Disclosures FY26
This section describes current and anticipated impacts of climate 
change, reflecting findings from the Group’s FY26 standalone 
climate scenario analysis and CRROs assessment, and positioning 
with respect to a global and domestic transition toward a low-
emissions, climate-resilient future. 
4.1 Current impacts
Current climate-related impacts for the Group fall into two 
categories:
• Physical impacts arise directly from climate system changes. 
These can be further distinguished between event driven 
exposures, which are referred to as acute risk, and longer-term 
shifts in climate patterns, which are referred to as chronic risk. 
In FY26, the Group did not experience any material impacts from 
physical weather-related events that could be attributed to 
climate change.
• Transitional impacts arise as regulators, customers, business 
partners, local communities and the economy at large, adapt to 
climate change by transitioning to a lower-carbon future. This 
process is likely to involve changes in technology and the market 
availability of products and services as well as new regulations 
and evolving customer demands. In FY26, the Group did not 
experience any material climate-related transition impacts.
In the reporting period, EBOS has not experienced climate-related 
physical or transition impacts it considers material. When assessing 
materiality, we evaluated both quantitative and qualitative factors. 
The quantitative threshold used is aligned with the financial 
materiality principles applicable to the preparation of our financial 
statements. 
4.2 Scenario analysis
Overseen by the Board and the ESG Committee, in FY26 a new 
scenario analysis was undertaken in consultation with external 
advisors and a selection of internal management stakeholders. 
The outcome of this stand-alone exercise was reported to the ARC. 
As part of this process, the time horizons used in the analysis were 
updated. Management evaluated potential impacts of the risks 
over three-time horizons:
• Short-term: 1-4 years to 2030
• Medium-term: 5-14 years to 2040
• Long-term: 15-24 years to 2050
The short-term horizon broadly aligns with EBOS’ 3-year strategic 
plan (updated in FY26) and with commonly available scenario data 
an