1 
 
 
11 April 2025 
 
NZX/ASX Code: EBO 
 
Not for release or distribution in the United States 
 
EBOS ANNOUNCES SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF A$200M (NZ$217M) PLACEMENT 
 
EBOS Group Limited (“EBOS”) is pleased to announce the successful completion of the fully 
underwritten placement (“Placement”) of approximately 5.9 million new fully paid ordinary shares 
(“New Shares”), raising approximately A$200 million (NZ$217 million)1. Funds raised in excess of the 
amounts paid for the acquisitions of SVS Veterinary Supplies (“SVS”) and the remaining 10% stake in 
Transmedic will provide further balance sheet capacity to fund additional future growth 
opportunities. 
 
The issue price of NZ$36.65 represented a 5.0% discount to the closing price on NZX of NZ$38.56 per 
share, as at 10 April 2025. The Placement was strongly supported by a broad range of existing and 
new investors across New Zealand, Australia and offshore. Eligible shareholders who bid for an 
amount less than or equal to their ‘pro rata’ share2 of New Shares under the Placement and Retail 
Offer have been allocated their full bid on a best endeavours basis. 
 
John Cullity, EBOS Chief Executive Officer, said: “We are very encouraged by the strong support from 
investors for the Placement and in particular, the level of support from our existing shareholders. We 
are also pleased to have the opportunity to welcome new high-quality investors to the register. The 
acquisition of SVS allows EBOS’ existing vet wholesale platform to geographically expand, with SVS 
representing a highly attractive and leading business in New Zealand. Additionally, the acquisition of 
the remaining 10% stake in Transmedic, to bring our ownership to 100%, is aligned with EBOS’ 
strategy to grow in the attractive Southeast Asian healthcare distribution market.” 
 
EBOS Chair, Liz Coutts added, “It is very pleasing to see the support EBOS has received for this equity 
raising and our strategy. I encourage our retail shareholders in New Zealand and Australia to read 
and consider the retail offer booklet that will be distributed to you in the coming days. We look 
forward to continuing to drive future growth through our disciplined investment strategy to create 
further shareholder value.” 
 
EBOS’ ordinary shares will recommence trading upon NZX market open today. Settlement of the 
Placement is expected to occur on Wednesday, 16 April and Thursday, 17 April for the ASX and NZX 
respectively, with allotment of all New Shares on Thursday, 17 April. The New Shares issued under 
the Placement will rank equally with EBOS existing ordinary shares on issue. 
 
 
1 Assumes an AUD:NZD exchange rate of 1.0861 as at 10 April 2025 
2 An eligible shareholder’s ‘pro rata’ share will be estimated by reference to the latest available EBOS beneficial 
register. Nothing in this release gives a shareholder a right or entitlement to participate in the Placement and 
EBOS has no obligation to reconcile assumed holdings (e.g. for recent trading or swap positions) when 
determining a shareholder’s ‘pro rata’ share. EBOS  and the Lead Manager disclaim any duty or liability 
(including for negligence) for determining eligible shareholder’s ‘pro rata’ share .
2 
 
RETAIL OFFER 
 
As previously announced, EBOS intends to conduct a non-underwritten retail offer to eligible existing 
shareholders to raise up to A$50 million (NZ$54 million)3, with the ability to accept oversubscriptions 
at EBOS’ discretion (“Retail Offer”). 
 
Full details of the Retail Offer will be set out in the Retail Offer Booklet, which will be released to the 
NZX and ASX, and sent to eligible shareholders on or about Wednesday, 16 April 2025. The closing 
date for applications by eligible shareholders is Tuesday, 6 May 2025. 
 
KEY DATES 
 
Description Date (NZ Time) 
Record date for Retail Offer 7pm, Wednesday, 9 April 2025 
Trading halt lodged on NZX and ASX Thursday, 10 April 2025 
Announcement of the Placement and Retail Offer, Placement 
bookbuild opens Thursday, 10 April 2025 
Placement bookbuild closes Thursday, 10 April 2025 
Trading halt lifted - trading of shares resumes on NZX and ASX Friday, 11 April 2025 
Retail Offer opens and Retail Offer Booklet is made available Wednesday, 16 April 2025 
Settlement of Placement Shares on ASX Wednesday, 16 April 2025 
Settlement of Placement Shares on NZX Thursday, 17 April 2025 
Allotment & commencement of trading of new shares on NZX 
and ASX Thursday, 17 April 2025 
Retail Offer closes 5pm, Tuesday, 6 May 2025 
Announcement of results of Retail Offer Monday, 12 May 2025 
Allotment of Retail Offer shares on NZX and ASX Tuesday, 13 May 2025 
Commencement of trading of new shares issued under the 
Retail Offer on NZX Tuesday, 13 May 2025 
Commencement of trading of new shares issued under the 
Retail Offer on ASX Wednesday, 14 May 2025 
 
All dates and times are indicative and subject to change without notice. EBOS and UBS New Zealand 
Limited reserve the right to amend any or all of these dates and times subject to the Corporations 
Act, the ASX Listing Rules, the NZX Listing Rules and other applicable laws. 
 
This announcement was authorised for lodgement with NZX and ASX by the Board of EBOS. 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Investor Relations: 
Martin Krauskopf 
Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer 
EBOS Group Ltd 
martin.krauskopf@ebosgroup.com 
 
  
 
3 Assumes an AUD:NZD exchange rate of 1.0861 as at 10 April 2025
3 
 
Media Contacts: 
John Bennetts         
Head of Corporate Affairs and Communications 
EBOS Group Ltd        
john.bennetts@ebosgroup.com 
 
About EBOS Group 
EBOS Group Limited NZBN 9429031998840 (NZX/ASX Code: EBO) is the largest and most diversified 
Australasian marketer, wholesaler and distributor of healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical 
products. It is also a leading Australasian animal care brand owner, product marketer and distributor. 
 
Not for release or distribution in the United States 
This market release has been prepared for publication in Australia and New Zealand and may not be 
released or distributed in the United States. This market release does not constitute an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in 
which such an offer would be illegal. The securities referred to in this release have not been, and will 
not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “US Securities Act”) or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to persons acting for the account or benefit of a person 
in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the US Securities Act and the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The securities to be offered and sold in the Retail Offer may only be offered and sold 
outside the United States in “offshore transactions” (as defined in Rule 902(h) under the US 
Securities Act) in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
 
You must not send copies of this announcement or any other material relating to the Retail Offer to 
any person in the United States or elsewhere outside Australia and New Zealand. The release, 
publication or distribution of this announcement (including an electronic copy) outside New Zealand 
or Australia may be restricted by law. If you come into possession of this announcement, you should 
observe such restrictions. Any non-compliance with these restrictions may contravene applicable 
securities laws. 
 
Important notice 
This market release does not constitute investment or financial product advice, nor is it a 
recommendation to acquire shares in EBOS. It is not intended to be used as the basis for making a 
financial decision, nor is it intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other advice. You should 
make your own enquiries and investigations regarding any investment, and should seek your own 
professional advice on the legal, financial, accounting, taxation and other consequences of investing 
in EBOS. 
 
This market release is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other disclosure or 
offering document under New Zealand and Australian law (and has not been, and will not be, lodged 
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission) or any other law. This market release is 
for information purposes only and is not an invitation or offer of securities for subscription, purchase 
or sale in any jurisdiction and neither this market release nor anything in it shall form any part of any 
contract for the acquisition of EBOS shares.