2026 Half Year Results
Dear Shareholders,
We are pleased to report EBOS’ interim results to 31 December 
2025 (HY26) which has delivered strong revenue growth of 13.0% 
and disciplined execution. FY26 EBITDA guidance is reaffirmed, 
with further improvement expected as productivity and utilisation 
continue to increase and ongoing solid demand across key 
healthcare and animal care markets. 
EBOS’ underlying EBITDA increased 3.2% to $300 million, consistent 
with guidance and commissioning of strategic investments.  
Our Healthcare segment underlying EBITDA grew 1.3% to $254 million, 
with strong revenue momentum and disciplined cost management 
whilst our Animal Care segment underlying EBITDA increased 
15.1% to $68 million, driven by strong branded performance, cost 
management and the successful acquisition of SVS.
EBOS retains confidence in our second half FY26 EBITDA delivery, 
underpinned by opportunities in Healthcare from progress in the 
distribution centre renewal program, additional runway from the 
newly acquired MediAdvice pharmacy network banner, benefits 
from recent Medical Technology acquisitions and a strong product 
pipeline in Animal Care.
Our HY26 performance demonstrates the resilience and 
diversification of our portfolio as we continue to execute with 
discipline. We delivered strong revenue growth and reaffirmed 
our EBITDA guidance, supported by solid customer demand and 
the early benefits from our strategic investments. This sets us 
up well for H2 FY26, with additional opportunities from new retail 
pharmacy stores and new products, as well as nearing the end of 
the current capital investment cycle.
Importantly, our major distribution centre renewal program is 
progressing to plan, with our largest site now fully operational. 
As these assets move into steady state, we expect to realise 
meaningful efficiency gains while strengthening the quality and 
reliability of our network.
With peak investment largely behind us, we anticipate a step-up in 
cash flows from FY27, supported by lower capex and a more stable 
operating base. This will create headroom to deleverage and 
enable us to continue investing in growth.
Overall, we remain confident in the medium-term margin outlook, 
underpinned by productivity improvements and new capacity 
in Symbion & Healthcare Distribution, product innovation within 
Animal Care, expansion of Medical Technology partners and 
solutions, as well as network wide opportunities across Retail 
Pharmacy Brands.
Interim Shareholders Report 2026
31 December 2025
All amounts are denoted in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated. 
Key Highlights1
$6.8b
revenue 
$125m
underlying NPAT (-4.3%)
NZ 57.0c
interim dividend  
per share
$125m
$300m
underlying EBITDA 
$303m
statutory EBITDA
statutory NPAT (+13%)
1
Underlying Results
$6.77 billion revenue
$300 million EBITDA
+13%
+3.2%
Financial Highlights
1 This report contains a number of non-GAAP financial measures to reflect our underlying financial performance. Although EBOS believes they provide useful information in 
measuring the financial performance and condition of EBOS’ business, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP financial measures. Underlying 
earnings exclude one-off M&A transaction costs, restructuring and site transition costs, net gain on acquisition related activities, and amortisation expense attributable to 
acquisition purchase price accounting of finite life intangible assets.
For personal use only
2
Interim Shareholders Report 2026
Segment results
Healthcare
Animal Care
$6.3b
$451m
$254m
$68m
revenue (+11.1%)
revenue (+48.3%)
underlying EBITDA (+1.3%)
underlying EBITDA (+15.1%)
207.7
47.0
FY22
289.2
313.2
291.0
300
2021
2022
2024
2025
2023
Six months to 31 December ($millions)
FY23
FY25
FY26
FY24
53.0
57.0
57.0
57.0
Six months to 31 December (NZ cents)
Underlying EBITDA
Interim Dividend per share
Healthcare
EBOS’ Healthcare segment delivered strong revenue increasing 11.1% to 
$6.3 billion and GOR growth increased 7.3% to $744 million on the prior 
corresponding period supported by new customer wins, demand for  
GLP-1 (Type 2 diabetes and weight loss management) and other high value 
medicines, the expansion of Retail Pharmacy Brands and continued growth 
within Medical Technology.
The first half of FY26 represents a transition phase as the new DCs come 
online and duplication activity and ramp-up inefficiencies expected to 
unwind as these sites stabilise. The business remains well positioned for 
growth from FY27 onwards, supported by additional DC capacity in Symbion 
& Healthcare Distribution, network growth across Retail Pharmacy Brands, 
regional expansion and solution opportunities in Medical Technology, 
productivity gains and the expanded Community Services Obligation (CSO)  
regime coming into effect. 
Community Pharmacy
Community Pharmacy generated revenue of $3.6 billion (up 14.8%) and  
GOR of $310 million (up 7.5%), supported by strong demand for both  
GLP-1 and high value medicines.
Key customers were retained despite a competitive wholesale landscape, 
reflecting strong service levels and customer confidence.
EBOS’ largest DC site, Symbion Kemps Creek, was delivered on time and on 
budget, marking a key milestone in the DC renewal program. Productivity 
improvements at Kemps Creek are expected to continue in the second half.
Retail Pharmacy Brands
The Retail Pharmacy Brands division delivered strong growth, with continued 
expansion of the network and robust same store performance. Total 
TerryWhite Chemmart (TWC) network sales reached $1.5 billion, up 9.8%,  
with same store sales increasing 8.8%. 
The business further strengthened its presence in pharmacy retail 
management with the majority acquisition of MediAdvice, which is focused 
on providing innovative community care services across a network of 
approximately 80 pharmacies in NSW. 
TWC maintained its leadership position in care delivery, with a 20% growth 
in flu vaccinations on the prior corresponding period and expanding its 
network of prescribing pharmacists to 104, representing 35% of all full-scope 
prescribers nationally.
TWC consumer brands continued to resonate strongly with customers, 
supported by new product launches that expanded the range to more than 
300 high quality products, providing a compelling value proposition for 
customers.
Digital engagement also continued to scale, with the TWC Connect Retail 
Media program adding 200 new digital screens to 100 TWC pharmacies. 
Customer digital activity remained high, with 817,000 online transactions  
in the period.
Along with strong same store sales growth, network growth remained a 
core contributor. The Group now has 782 stores across its retail pharmacy 
networks – comprising 630 TWC stores, 81 MediAdvice stores and 71 stores 
under other brands. A total of 89 net stores were added during the half, 
including 81 from MediAdvice (including +1 after acquisition), four TWC stores, 
and five stores across other brands. 
Institutional Healthcare
Institutional Healthcare generated revenue of $2.2 billion (up 3.4%) and 
GOR of $349 million (up 5.8%). GOR margin improved to 15.6% (from 15.3%), 
reflecting the ongoing expansion of the Medical Technology business.
Medical Technology delivered strong revenue growth of 12.1% (7.8% excl. 
acquisitions). The partnerships business delivered strong growth in spine and 
other implant channels including urology, neurosurgery and neurovascular 
intervention. Capital sales in ANZ were resilient. Medical Technology achieved 
ongoing organic expansion in SEA, supplemented by recent acquisitions,  
and offset by lower capital sales in Indonesia and Vietnam.
The biologics business recorded organic growth within allografts enabled by 
new solutions innovation. EBOS was able to deepen our partnership with the 
US Origin allograft solutions business, and the subsequent consolidation has 
created an opportunity for sustained growth in the US.
Medicines, consumables and other revenue grew by 2.0%, reflecting growth 
from high value hospital medicines. 
For personal use only
Segment Overview
Underlying EBITDA
Six months to 31 December ($millions)
Healthcare
2022
2024
2025
2023
2021
185.2
255.0
275.5
250.0
254.0
Animal Care
Underlying EBITDA
Six months to 31 December ($millions)
2022
2024
2025
2023
2021
38.8
51.0
55.4
59.0
68.0
3
Interim Shareholders Report 2026
Contract Logistics
Contract Logistics generated GOR of $86 million (up 13.5%) with the 
business generating strong growth through new customer wins across 
Australia and New Zealand, enabled by new warehouse capacity 
installed as part of the DC renewal program. 
In Australia, GOR increased by 26.3% due to five net new principal 
wins, reflecting our value proposition as a dedicated healthcare 
logistics provider. The Australian business added ~500 m2 of cold 
chain storage, supporting growth of specialty medicines. It continued 
its investment in footprint and systems, with the opening of the new 
Perth facility on track for completion in FY26.
In New Zealand the business had seven net new principal wins, which 
was aided by its advantaged temperature-controlled unloading 
facility.
Animal Care
EBOS’ Animal Care segment delivered strong top-line performance 
with revenue increasing 48.3% to $451 million and GOR up 17.0% to  
$124 million. Growth was driven by continued branded portfolio 
strength, successful new product launches, and the successful 
acquisition of SVS. 
Underlying EBITDA increased 15.1% to $68 million, supported by the 
acquisition of SVS and Next Generation Pet Foods, share gains within 
the branded business and ongoing new product development enabled 
by inhouse manufacturing capabilities. 
The integration of recent acquisitions is progressing well, supporting 
broader channel reach and improving the business's ability to serve 
customer demand across the specialty pet and vet sectors.
Growth investments 
During the period, EBOS continued to execute against its near-term 
priorities: completing major network investments and selectively 
deploying capital for inorganic opportunities to support growth. 
The DC renewal program is near operational completion, with six 
of the eight DC renewal sites now completed. The largest and most 
complex site, Symbion Kemps Creek in Sydney, was successfully 
completed in October 2025, on-time and on budget. The remaining  
DC sites are on track for operational completion in FY26, with  
post-commissioning workstreams ongoing into H1 FY27, including 
IT systems and optimisation. Full network benefits expected to flow 
through progressively over FY27 and FY28.
EBOS also completed several transactions that are expected to 
contribute approximately $80 million in revenue on a full year 
basis, at a total upfront payment of approximately $70 million. 
These transactions expand EBOS’s position into key channels in 
Animal Care, Medical Technology and Retail Pharmacy, leveraging 
existing operational capability. Each transaction is expected to be 
immediately EPS accretive and deliver ROCE above the Group’s 
hurdle rate over the medium term. The pipeline remains active.
Capital management 
EBOS continued to demonstrate its disciplined and proactive 
approach to capital management across managing balance sheet, 
cash flow, growth investments and shareholder returns. 
The Group successfully refinanced existing debt facilities, which 
increased liquidity headroom, with approximately $930 million of 
undrawn committed bank facilities available and a weighted average 
term of 3.3 years (up from 2.9 years as at June 2025). The leverage 
ratio was 2.2x, within our target range of 1.7 – 2.3x and is expected to 
deleverage in FY27 with the end of the capital investment cycle,  
as capital expenditure falls and growth continues.
H1 FY26 net working capital increased by $84 million, supporting both 
revenue growth and transition activities. Underlying cash flow before 
capex of $66 million was temporarily lower due to the unwind of prior 
period timing benefits. 
Future capital expenditure is expected to moderate as the DC renewal 
program concludes, with FY27 capex ~30% lower on a comparable basis.
Interim Dividend
The Directors declared an interim dividend of NZ 57.0 cents per share, 
in-line with the prior year, with a dividend payout ratio of 82% on an 
Underlying basis. The payout ratio reflects the Board’s continued 
confidence in the strength of the Group’s operating cash flows and 
future growth.
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate for the interim 
dividend, providing flexibility for shareholders and supporting 
balance sheet strength as the final phase of the DC renewal program 
is completed. Shareholders can elect to take shares in lieu of a cash 
dividend at a discount of 2.0% to the volume weighted average share 
price (VWAP).
The record date for the dividend is 6 March 2026 and the dividend will 
be paid on 27 March 2026. The dividend will be imputed to 25% for New 
Zealand tax resident shareholders and fully franked for Australian tax 
resident shareholders.
For personal use only
4
Adam Hall 
Chief Executive Officer
Liz Coutts  
Chair of the Board
Interim Shareholders Report 2026
Perspectives
EBOS remains a defensive growth company, focused on care, 
productivity and partnerships to drive strong shareholder returns, 
supported by sector dynamics including: an ageing population, 
increased utilisation of pharmaceutical and medical services,  
stable government funding frameworks and growing pet ownership.
Near-term perspectives for H2 FY26
• FY26 EBITDA guidance is reaffirmed, reflecting a positive outlook  
on H2 EBITDA, as productivity and utilisation continues to increase, 
and with strong revenue growth supported by acquisitions.
• Completion of the DC renewal program in FY26 provides a multi-year 
runway for improving operating leverage and network efficiency.
Longer-term perspectives (FY27+)
• Revenue momentum to continue, driven by network growth across 
retail pharmacy brands, innovation led growth within Animal Care 
products, and regional expansion and solution opportunities within 
Medical Technology.
• Margin outlook positive, driven by productivity uplift & improved 
utilisation in Healthcare, expanded CSO regime, and ongoing benefit 
from business mix shift.
• Interest and D&A expected to normalise, with peak capex in FY26 
and a more stable asset base from FY27 onwards.
• Capex to reduce by ~30% in FY27, following completion of the  
DC renewal program, supporting stronger cash flows.
• Balance sheet leverage expected to reduce in FY27, reflecting lower 
capex, revenue growth and improved operating efficiency.
Divisional strategies driving growth
Each division is executing well‑defined strategies aligned to these 
trends:
• Symbion & Healthcare Distribution is focused on strengthening its 
position as one of ANZ’s leading healthcare distributors by delivering 
high service levels, driving scale efficiencies and monetising its 
end‑to‑end value chain presence.
• Retail Pharmacy Brands is executing a strategy to grow and enhance 
the pharmacy network while improving margin through owned 
brands, digital engagement and additional revenue streams from 
network participation.
• Medical Technology is building its presence across ANZ and 
Southeast Asia by expanding into new therapy areas and leveraging 
the distinctive strengths of its partnerships and clinical education 
offering.
• Animal Care is expanding its portfolio of hero brands, enhancing its 
advantaged manufacturing footprint across ANZ, and scaling its vet 
wholesale business to meet rising demand with speed and efficiency.
Across New Zealand, Australia and Southeast Asia EBOS employees 
in excess of 5,800 employees and we thank them for their continued 
efforts and commitment to the communities we serve.
We thank all of our shareholders for their continued support.
For personal use only