CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 62 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 63 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 65 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 66 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Our Divisions 67 Note 2 – Our Significant Accounting Policies 74 Note 3 – Restructuring and Impairment Charges 79 Note 4 – Intangible Assets 81 Note 5 – Income Taxes 84 Note 6 – Compensation 88 Note 7 – Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans 92 Note 8 – Debt Obligations 98 Note 9 – Financial Instruments 100 Note 10 – Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share 106 Note 11 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo 107 Note 12 – Leases 108 Note 13 – Acquisitions and Divestitures 110 Note 14 – Supply Chain Financing Arrangements 112 Note 15 – Supplemental Financial Information 113 Note 16 – Legal Contingencies 114 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 115 GLOSSARY 118 33 Table of Contents Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary. Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts. Discussion in this Form 10-K includes results of operations and financial condition for 2024 and 2023 and comparisons between 2024 and 2023. For discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to 2022 and comparisons between 2023 and 2022, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. OUR BUSINESS Executive Overview PepsiCo is a leading global food and beverage company with a diverse and complementary portfolio of brands such as Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, , Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. We operate through various channels, including authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers, and other third parties, to produce, market, distribute, and sell a wide array of beverages and convenient foods. Our reach extends to customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. As a global company with strong local connections, we faced many of the same challenges in 2024 as our consumers, customers, and competitors worldwide. These included ongoing supply chain disruptions, persistent inflationary pressures, evolving consumer preferences and behaviors, an intensely competitive business environment, the continued expansion of e-commerce in a rapidly changing retail landscape, ongoing macroeconomic and political volatility, and an increasingly complex regulatory environment. In response to these challenges, we have continued to adapt and innovate, reinforcing our resilience and continued focus on growth. We are focused on improving our productivity, optimizing our operations and harnessing our scale and capabilities across our markets, and further elevating the needs, occasions, and channels of consumers in our strategies to lead and shape the future of our categories. This is underpinned by our pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) transformation, now in its fourth year. A Strategy for the Future: pep+ is our strategy to transform our company to create sustainable growth and value – today, tomorrow, and many years into the future. It is the way we are transforming our supply chain, evolving our portfolio, and making sure we have the right capabilities to support our people and our business throughout the world. As a food and agricultural leader, we are working to help farmers adapt to climate change through investments in regenerative agriculture, training programs, and innovative technologies. We are operating water and energy facilities across many markets, electrifying our transport fleets, and accelerating the use of recycled plastics, so we can try to build a more sustainable business while reducing operational costs. Our leadership in regenerative agriculture not only supports farmers and the planet, but also strengthens our supply chain, helping us become more resilient while positioning us to deliver value for shareholders. And thanks to the diversification across our portfolio, our categories, and the geographies in which we operate, we are better equipped to capitalize on opportunities across a wide range of consumer needs. Our pep+ initiatives and ambitions are geared toward driving growth across every aspect of our operations, so that we can strengthen our business and deliver more value for our stakeholders. Transforming Our Portfolio: Our portfolio transformation revolves around three key elements: our work to evolve our recipes to reduce sodium, saturated fat, and added sugar, while 34 Table of Contents incorporating more diverse ingredients; our efforts to find innovative ways to deliver new occasions and engagements for consumers across our existing portfolio; and the strategic acquisition of brands that help us incorporate new and complementary foods and beverages into our portfolio. Bringing Our Business Closer to the Consumer: We are continuously making investments that aim to help us provide consumers with more value, more personalization, and more choices. We will continue to innovate to create foods, beverages, and experiences that meet consumer needs without compromising the taste or quality they expect. We are making changes to our organization to help us further increase productivity, sharpen our focus on growth and value, and create opportunities to better harness the expertise and scale of our food and beverage operations across markets. In the United States, we are reorganizing our U.S. Foods and Beverages businesses into one unified North America Region to harness scale, unlock synergies, and accelerate growth through brands and innovative products. Internationally, we are realigning our international beverages and foods businesses to ensure each category is distinctly managed and has the right resources and capabilities to meet the unique needs of consumers in every market. North America Business: As part of the changes to our organizational structure, we’re working to enhance our connection with North American consumers, bringing sales and consumer insights closer together, so we can identify and act efficiently on shifts in demand. Combining supply chain operations allows us to harness scale, reduce duplication, and create a more cohesive system for managing inventory and logistics, thereby optimizing our strategy and helping drive consistent best practices across the business. At the same time, the company is focused on expanding our offerings and product innovations in both foods and drinks to meet evolving consumer preferences. Through advanced technologies like artificial intelligence, we are optimizing our supply chain, reducing waste, and improving speed to market. These steps ensure the company operates with more precision while protecting margins in an inflationary environment. The immediate focus is on meeting consumer needs, operational excellence, competing for market share, and maintaining agility and resilience. These efforts are foundational to the North America business and driving growth, while setting the stage for success. Productivity Fuels our Ability to Perform: In 2024, we delivered record productivity. Increases in automation in our plants and warehouses have empowered frontline , improved optimization across our transportation and fleet networks, and allowed greater focus on cost management and waste elimination. These efforts fuel our ability to reinvest in our brands and capabilities, so that we are to support areas in which our business is performing well, while simultaneously allowing us to develop in new ways across our markets and our categories. Focus on Growth: We remain focused on delivering growth and fueling innovation by driving positive action for people and the planet. By improving our productivity and aligning our operations and strategy to meet consumer needs, we aim to be well positioned to navigate the complexities of the global market and deliver sustainable, value to our consumers and stakeholders. Our Operations See “Item 1. Business” for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters and human capital. In addition, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions and geographic areas. 35 Table of Contents Other Relationships Certain members of our Board also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. These Board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. Our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. In addition, certain of our employees serve on the boards of Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC and other affiliated companies of PepsiCo and do not receive incremental compensation for such services. Our Business Risks Risks Associated with Commodities and Our Supply Chain During 2024, we continued to experience higher operating costs, including on transportation and labor costs, which may continue in 2025. Many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. A number of external factors, including volatile geopolitical conditions, the inflationary cost environment, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, have impacted and may continue to impact transportation and labor costs. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers, which may result in reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices. Risks Associated with Climate Change Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. These new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. However, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations. Risks Associated with International Operations We are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. During the periods presented in this report, volatile economic, political, social and geopolitical conditions, civil unrest and wars and other military conflicts, acts of terrorism and natural disasters and other catastrophic events in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico, the Middle East, Pakistan, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine, continue to result in challenging operating environments and have resulted in and could continue to result in changes in how we operate in certain of these markets. Debt and credit issues, currency controls or fluctuations in certain of these international markets (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from certain markets), as well as the threat or imposition of new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, Canada and Mexico and other countries and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries), sanctions or export controls have also continued to impact our operations in certain of these international markets. We continue to closely monitor the 36 Table of Contents economic, operating and political environment in the markets in which we operate, including risks of additional impairments or and currency devaluation, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our operations in Russia accounted for 4% of our consolidated net revenue for each of the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. Russia accounted for 3% and 3% of our consolidated assets, 10% and 6% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 41% and 35% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 , respectively. Our operations in Ukraine accounted for less than 1% of our consolidated net revenue for each of the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 and of our consolidated assets as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of i mpairment and other charges recognized in the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and December 31, 2022 . Imposition of Taxes and Regulations on our Products Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. These taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. For example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold have either imposed or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in our products. We sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our products or their packaging may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes, regulations or limitations on our financial results. In addition, taxes, regulations and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. We expect continued scrutiny of certain ingredients and substances present in certain of our products and packaging. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes, regulations or limitations. OECD Global Minimum Tax Numerous countries, including European Union member states, have enacted, or are expected to enact, legislation incorporating the OECD model rules for a global minimum tax rate of 15%. Widespread implementation is expected by the end of 2025, with certain countries that have not yet enacted potentially applying the legislation as of a retroactive date. As the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we do business, our taxes could increase and negatively impact our provision for income taxes. We will continue to monitor pending legislation and implementation by individual countries and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods. 37 Table of Contents Retail Landscape Our industry continues to be affected by disruption of the retail landscape, including the continued growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers and the international expansion of hard discounters. We have seen and expect to continue to see a further shift to e-commerce, and other online purchasing by consumers. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The retail industry also continues to be impacted by the actions and increasing power of retailers, including as a result consolidation of ownership resulting in large retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, particularly in North America, Europe and Latin America. We have seen and expect to continue to see retailers and buying groups impact our ability to compete in these jurisdictions. We continue to monitor our relationships with retailers and buying groups and seek to identify actions we may take to maintain mutually beneficial relationships and resolve any significant disputes and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Executive Overview” above and “Market Risks” below for more information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges. Risk Management Framework The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the Company’s operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. This framework includes the following: • PepsiCo’s Board has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo’s integrated risk management framework. One of the Board’s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior management with respect to key aspects of the Company’s business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the Company’s top risks. Throughout the year, the Board and relevant Committees of the Board receive updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues and dedicate a portion of their meetings to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management and supply chain and commodity inflation. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the Company’s top risks, including updates from members of management responsible for overseeing impacted areas (for example, the Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and Chief Information Security Officer), governance processes associated with managing these risks, the status of projects to strengthen the Company’s risk mitigation efforts and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the Committees of the Board, the Board believes it is useful and effective for the full Board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. In evaluating top risks, the Board and management consider short-, medium- and potential impacts on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the Company’s risk mitigation efforts. The Board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. For 38 Table of Contents example, as part of risk updates to the Board and relevant Committees during 2024, the Board or its relevant Committee were provided updates on the impact of disruptive events, including geopolitical events and tensions in certain international markets, such as the conflict. The Board also receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the Company’s strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization. The Board has tasked designated Committees of the Board with oversight of certain categories of risk management, and the Committees report to the Board regularly on these matters. ◦ The Audit Committee of the Board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing PepsiCo’s risk management and oversight processes, and assists the Board’s oversight of financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing PepsiCo. The Audit Committee also assists the Board’s oversight of the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the Chief Compliance & Ethics Officer, who reports to the General Counsel, meets regularly with the Audit Committee, including in executive session without management present; ◦ The Compensation Committee of the Board reviews PepsiCo’s employee compensation policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary behavior; ◦ The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company’s governance structure and other corporate governance matters, including succession planning; and ◦ The Sustainability, Diversity and Public Policy Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of PepsiCo’s policies, programs and related risks that concern key sustainability (including climate change), diversity, and public policy matters. • The PepsiCo Risk Committee (PRC) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the Board and designated Committees. The PRC is comprised of a , geographically diverse, senior management group, including PepsiCo’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Sector Chief Executive Officers, and the heads of Enterprise Risk, Corporate Affairs, Human Resources, Research & Development, Information Technology, Sustainability, Strategy, Transformation, International Beverages, Commercial, Global Operations and Marketing; • Division and key market risk committees, comprised of senior management teams, meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address division and business risks; • PepsiCo’s Risk Management Office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the PRC and the division and key country risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with PepsiCo’s Board, the Audit Committee of the Board and other Committees of the Board; • PepsiCo’s Internal Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and 39 Table of Contents • PepsiCo’s Compliance & Ethics and Law Departments lead and coordinate our compliance policies and practices. • PepsiCo’s Disclosure Committee, comprised of the General Counsel, Controller and heads of Internal Audit, Financial Planning & Analysis and Investor Relations, evaluates information from PepsiCo’s integrated risk management framework as part of the Disclosure Committee’s monitoring of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. PepsiCo’s risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the Board as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure. Market Risks We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in: • commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy; • foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and • interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion of our market risks. The fair value of our derivatives fluctuates based on market rates and prices. The sensitivity of our derivatives to these market fluctuations is discussed below. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. The fair value of our intangible assets is impacted by changes in market conditions, including interest rates and inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions. See “Our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” for a discussion of the exposure of our goodwill and other intangible assets and pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to market fluctuations. Inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand for and pricing of our products. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion. Commodity Prices Our commodity derivative contracts had a total notional value of $1.4 billion as of December 28, 2024 and $1.7 billion as of December 30, 2023. At the end of 2024, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative contracts, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2024 by $140 million, which would generally be offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases. Foreign Exchange Our operations outside of the United States generated 44% of our consolidated net revenue in 2024, with Mexico, Russia, Canada, China, the United Kingdom, South Africa and Brazil, collectively, comprising approximately 25% of our consolidated net revenue in 2024. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. Additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency purchases, foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. During 2024, unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue performance by 1.5 percentage points, 40 Table of Contents primarily due to declines in the Egyptian pound, Russian ruble, Mexican peso and Brazilian real. Currency declines against the U.S. dollar which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results. Our foreign exchange derivative contracts had a total notional value of $3.1 billion as of December 28, 2024 and $3.8 billion as of December 30, 2023. At the end of 2024, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2024 by $319 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure. Our swap contracts had a total notional value of $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2024 and $1.3 billion as of December 30, 2023. At the end of 2024, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2024 by $107 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure. The total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net investment hedges was $2.9 billion as of December 28, 2024 and $3.0 billion as of December 30, 2023. Interest Rates Our interest rate swap contracts had a total notional value of $2.0 billion as of December 28, 2024. Assuming 2024 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1- increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2024 by $32 million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and investments levels, as compared with our variable rate debt. OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS Results of Operations — Consolidated Review Volume Physical or unit volume is one of the key metrics management uses internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan and the evaluation of our business performance. We believe volume provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of our historical operating performance and underlying trends, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. Unit volume performance adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures. Acquisitions and divestitures, when used in this report, reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. Further, unit volume performance excludes the impact of a 53 rd reporting week, where applicable. Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in an additional reporting week every five or six years (53 rd reporting week). Beverage volume includes volume of concentrate sold to independent bottlers and volume of finished products bearing or licensed trademarks and allied brand products and joint venture trademarks sold by bottling operations. Beverage volume also includes volume of finished products bearing or licensed trademarks sold by our noncontrolled affiliates. Concentrate volume sold to independent bottlers is reported in concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE), whereas finished beverage product volume is reported in bottler case sales (BCS). Both CSE and BCS convert all beverage volume to an 8- metric. Typically, CSE and BCS are not equal in any given period due to seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. While our net revenue is not entirely based on BCS volume due to the independent bottlers in our supply chain, we believe that BCS is a better measure of the consumption of our beverage products. PBNA, LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, make, market, distribute and sell tea products through a joint venture with Unilever (under 41 Table of Contents the Lipton brand name), and PBNA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells coffee products through a joint venture with Starbucks. Convenient food volume includes volume sold by us and our noncontrolled affiliates of convenient food products bearing or licensed trademarks. Internationally, we measure convenient food product volume in kilograms, while in North America we measure convenient food product volume in pounds. FLNA makes, markets, distributes and sells Sabra refrigerated dips and spreads through a joint venture with Strauss Group. In December 2024, we acquired the Strauss Group’s 50% ownership in Sabra and Sabra became a subsidiary. Consolidated Net Revenue and Operating Profit 2024 2023 Change Net revenue $ 91,854 $ 91,471 — % Operating profit $ 12,887 $ 11,986 8 % Operating margin 14.0 % 13.1 % 0.9 See “Results of Operations – Division Review” for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue. Operating profit increased 8% and operating margin improved 0.9 percentage points. Operating profit growth was primarily driven by effective net pricing, productivity savings and an 18- impact of impairment charges related to the SodaStream business. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a decline in organic volume, an 8- impact of higher impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, a 5- impact of higher restructuring charges and a 4- unfavorable impact of an indirect tax reserve. Corporate unallocated expenses reflect a 3- favorable impact driven primarily by a decrease in corporate expenses and contributions to The PepsiCo Foundation, Inc. Other Consolidated Results 2024 2023 Change Other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income $ (22) $ 250 $ (272) Net interest expense and other $ 919 $ 819 $ 100 Annual tax rate 19.4 % 19.8 % Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 9,578 $ 9,074 5.5 % Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted $ 6.95 $ 6.56 6 % Other pension and retiree medical benefits expense increased $272 million, primarily reflecting higher settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchase of a group annuity contract whereby a insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees. Net interest expense and other increased $100 million, primar ily due to higher interest rates on debt and higher average debt balances, partially offset by higher average cash balances and higher interest rates on average cash balances. The reported tax rate decreased 0.4 percentage points, primarily reflecting a reduction in the state tax rate. 42 Table of Contents Results of Operations — Division Review See “Our Business Risks,” “ Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, “effective net pricing” reflects the impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance Organic revenue performance is a financial measure. For further information on this measure, see “ Measures.” 2024 Impact of Impact of Reported % Change, GAAP Measure Foreign exchange translation Acquisitions and divestitures Organic % Change, Measure (a ) Organic volume (b) Effective net pricing FLNA (1) % — — (0.5) % (2.5) 2 QFNA (c) (14) % — — (14) % (14) 0.5 PBNA 0.5 % — — 1 % (3.5) 4 LatAm 0.5 % 3 — 4 % (2) 5 Europe 5 % 2 — 7 % 2 6 AMESA 1 % 9 — 10 % 1 9 APAC 1 % 2 — 3 % 4 (1) Total — % 1.5 — 2 % (2) 4 (a) Amounts may not sum due to rounding. (b) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the impact of organic volume on net revenue performance differs from the unit volume change disclosed in the following divisional discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. (c) Net revenue decline was impacted by a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals in our QFNA division (Quaker Recall). 43 Table of Contents Operating Profit, Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis Operating profit adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both financial measures. For further information on these measures, see “ Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability.” Operating Profit and Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability 2024 Items Affecting Comparability (a) Reported, GAAP Measure net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Impairment and other charges Product impact Indirect tax impact Core, Measure FLNA $ 6,316 $ — $ 150 $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ 6,475 QFNA 303 — 11 — 9 184 — 507 PBNA 2,302 — 238 8 556 — — 3,104 LatAm 2,245 — 51 — — — 218 2,514 Europe 2,019 — 123 — 145 — — 2,287 AMESA 798 — 14 5 — — — 817 APAC 811 — 10 — 4 — — 825 Corporate unallocated expenses (1,907) (25) 101 — — — — (1,831) Total $ 12,887 $ (25) $ 698 $ 22 $ 714 $ 184 $ 218 $ 14,698 2023 Items Affecting Comparability (a) Reported, GAAP Measure net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Impairment and other charges/credits Product impact Core, Measure FLNA $ 6,755 $ — $ 42 $ — $ — $ — $ 6,797 QFNA 492 — — — — 136 628 PBNA 2,584 — 41 16 321 — 2,962 LatAm 2,252 — 29 — 2 — 2,283 Europe 767 — 223 (2) 855 — 1,843 AMESA 807 — 15 2 (7) — 817 APAC 713 — 8 — 59 — 780 Corporate unallocated expenses (2,384) 36 88 25 — — (2,235) Total $ 11,986 $ 36 $ 446 $ 41 $ 1,230 $ 136 $ 13,875 (a) See “Items Affecting Comparability.” 44 Table of Contents Operating Profit Performance and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis 2024 Impact of Items Affecting Comparability (a) Impact of Reported % Change, GAAP Measure net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Impairment and other charges/credits Product impact Indirect tax impact Core % Change, Measure (b) Foreign exchange translation Core Constant Currency % Change, Measure (b) FLNA (7) % — 2 — — — — (5) % — (5) % QFNA (38) % — 3 — 3 14 — (19) % — (19) % PBNA (11) % — 7 — 9 — — 5 % — 5 % LatAm — % — 1 — — — 10 10 % 3 13 % Europe 163 % — (17) — (122) — — 24 % 3 27 % AMESA (1) % — — 0.5 1 — — — % 8 9 % APAC 14 % — — — (8) — — 6 % 3 8 % Corporate unallocated expenses (20) % 2 — 1 — — — (18) % — (18) % Total 8 % (1) 5 — (10) 1 4 6 % 2 8 % (a) See “Items Affecting Comparability.” (b) Amounts may not sum due to rounding. FLNA Net revenue decreased 1%, primarily driven by a decrease in organic volume, partially offset by effective net pricing. Unit volume declined 2.5%, primarily driven by declines in trademark Cheetos and trademark Tostitos and declines in trademark Lay’s and variety packs, partially offset by growth in trademark Chester’s and trademark Miss Vickie’s. Operating profit decreased 7%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, and the decrease in organic volume. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and the effective net pricing. QFNA Net revenue decreased 14%, primarily driven by a decrease in organic volume, which was negatively impacted by the loss of sales from products included in the Quaker Recall. Unit volume declined 14%, primarily driven by declines in bars, oatmeal, pancake syrup and mix and cereals. The unit volume decline in bars and cereals was negatively impacted by the loss of sales from products included in the Quaker Recall. Operating profit decreased 38%, primarily reflecting the decrease in organic volume, certain operating cost increases and a 14- impact of charges associated with the Quaker Recall, partially offset by productivity savings, a 12- favorable impact of an insurance recovery related to the Quaker Recall, lower advertising and marketing expenses and effective net pricing. PBNA Net revenue increased 0.5%, primarily driven by effective net pricing, partially offset by an organic volume decline. Unit volume declined 3%, driven by a 4% decline in beverage (NCB) volume and a 2% decline in CSD volume. The NCB volume decline primarily reflected a decline in our overall water portfolio, a decline in Gatorade sports drinks and a decline in our Lipton tea portfolio. 45 Table of Contents Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, the decline in organic volume, a 9- impact of higher impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, a 7- impact of higher restructuring charges and higher advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing and productivity savings. LatAm Net revenue increased 0.5%, reflecting effective net pricing, partially offset by a 3- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and a net decline in organic volume. Convenient foods unit volume declined 2%, primarily reflecting declines in Peru and Argentina, partially offset by growth in Brazil. Additionally, Mexico experienced a decline. Beverage unit volume grew slightly, primarily reflecting growth in Brazil and growth in Mexico, Guatemala and Chile, partially offset by a decline in Colombia and declines in Argentina and Peru. Operating profit decreased slightly, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 10- unfavorable impact of an indirect tax reserve, the net organic volume decline, higher advertising and marketing expenses and a 3- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, partially offset by the effective net pricing, productivity savings and a 5- impact of lower commodity costs. Europe Net revenue increased 5%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting growth in Russia and growth in the United Kingdom, partially offset by a decline in France and a decline in the Netherlands. Additionally, Turkey experienced growth. Beverage unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting growth in Russia and growth in Turkey, partially offset by a decline in France and a slight decline in Germany. Additionally, the United Kingdom experienced growth. Operating profit increased 163%, primarily reflecting a 148- favorable impact of the impairment charges related to the SodaStream business, the net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 17- favorable impact of lower restructuring charges. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 23- impact of impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, an 8- impact of higher commodity costs and higher advertising and marketing costs. AMESA Net revenue increased 1%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 9- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting growth in South Africa and growth in India, partially offset by declines in the Middle East and Pakistan. Beverage unit volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting growth in India, partially offset by a decline in the Middle East, a decline in Pakistan and a decline in Nigeria. 46 Table of Contents Operating profit decreased 1%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 33- impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, potatoes and other ingredients, largely driven by transaction-related foreign exchange and an 8- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. These impacts were partially offset by the net revenue growth and productivity savings. APAC Net revenue increased 1%, primarily reflecting organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2- impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and unfavorable net pricing. Convenient foods unit volume grew 4%, primarily reflecting growth in Thailand and growth in China. Additionally, Australia experienced growth. Beverage unit volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting growth in Vietnam, growth in Thailand and growth in the Philippines, partially offset by a decline in China. Operating profit increased 14%, primarily reflecting productivity savings, the organic volume growth, a 9- favorable impact of impairment charges related to the Be & Cheery brand in the prior year and a 5- impact of lower commodity costs. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases and the unfavorable net pricing. Measures Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not in accordance with GAAP. We use financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting financial measures in this Form 10-K provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures in this Form 10-K allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends. We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to gains or losses ( ); charges related to restructuring plans; charges associated with acquisitions and divestitures; gains associated with divestitures; asset impairment charges ( ); product impact; pension and retiree amounts, including all settlement and curtailment gains and losses; charges or adjustments related to the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, such as tax law changes; amounts related to the resolution of tax positions; tax benefits related to reorganizations of our operations; debt redemptions, cash tender or exchange offers; and remeasurements of net monetary assets. See below and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a description of adjustments to our GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K. information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. 47 Table of Contents The following financial measures contained in this Form 10-K are discussed below: Cost of sales, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, impairment of intangible assets, other pension and retiree medical benefits expense/income, net interest expense and other, provision for income taxes, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and net income attributable to PepsiCo, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, and the corresponding constant currency growth rates These measures exclude the net impact of gains and losses on centrally managed commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, restructuring and impairment charges related to our 2019 Productivity Plan (2019 Productivity Plan), charges associated with our acquisitions and divestitures, impairment and other charges/credits, product impact, indirect tax expense related to an international audit and the impact of settlement and curtailment gains and losses related to pension and retiree medical plans (see “Items Affecting Comparability” for a detailed description of each of these items). We also evaluate performance on operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, on a constant currency basis, which measure our financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our U.S. dollar results by the average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the average foreign exchange rates. We believe these measures provide useful information in evaluating the results of our business because they exclude items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. Organic revenue performance We define organic revenue performance as a measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation, acquisitions and divestitures, and every five or six years, the impact of the 53 rd reporting week. Adjusting for acquisitions and divestitures reflects mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. We believe organic revenue performance provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it excludes items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. See “Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance” in “Results of Operations – Division Review” for further information. Free cash flow We define free cash flow as net cash from operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending is essential to our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure. See “Free Cash Flow” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information. 48 Table of Contents Return on invested capital (ROIC) and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability We define ROIC as net income attributable to PepsiCo plus interest expense divided by the sum of quarterly average debt obligations and quarterly average common shareholders’ equity. Although ROIC is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC. Accordingly, the method used by management to calculate ROIC may differ from the methods other companies use to calculate their ROIC. We believe this metric serves as a measure of how well we use our capital to generate returns. In addition, we use net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, to compare our performance over various reporting periods on a consistent basis because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance and reflects how management evaluates our operating results and trends. We define net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, as ROIC, adjusted for quarterly average cash, cash equivalents and investments, interest income and items affecting comparability. We believe the calculation of ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, provides useful information to investors and is an additional relevant comparison of our performance to consider when evaluating our capital allocation efficiency. See “Return on Invested Capital” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information. Items Affecting Comparability Our reported financial results in this Form 10-K are impacted by the following items in each of the following years: 2024 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Reported, GAAP Measure $ 41,744 $ 50,110 $ 37,190 $ 33 $ 12,887 $ (22) $ 2,320 $ 9,578 Items Affecting Comparability net impact 26 (26) (1) — (25) — (6) (19) Restructuring and impairment charges (133) 133 (551) (14) 698 29 164 563 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges — — (22) — 22 — 4 18 Impairment and other charges — — (695) (19) 714 — 184 530 Product impact (176) 176 (8) — 184 3 44 143 Indirect tax impact (218) 218 — — 218 — — 218 Pension and retiree impact — — — — — 276 61 215 Core, Measure $ 41,243 $ 50,611 $ 35,913 $ — $ 14,698 $ 286 $ 2,771 $ 11,246 49 Table of Contents 2023 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to PepsiCo Reported, GAAP Measure $ 41,881 $ 49,590 $ 36,677 $ 927 $ 11,986 $ 250 $ 2,262 $ 81 $ 9,074 Items Affecting Comparability net impact (3) 3 (33) — 36 — 9 — 27 Restructuring and impairment charges (13) 13 (433) — 446 (1) 96 1 348 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges — — (41) — 41 — 18 — 23 Impairment and other charges/credits 5 (5) (308) (927) 1,230 — 284 — 946 Product impact (136) 136 — — 136 — 32 — 104 Pension and retiree impact — — — — — 14 3 — 11 Core, Measure $ 41,734 $ 49,737 $ 35,862 $ — $ 13,875 $ 263 $ 2,704 $ 82 $ 10,533 (a) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction. 2024 2023 Change Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, GAAP measure $ 6.95 $ 6.56 6 % net impact (0.01) 0.02 Restructuring and impairment charges 0.41 0.25 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 0.01 0.02 Impairment and other charges/credits 0.38 0.68 Product impact 0.10 0.07 Indirect tax impact 0.16 — Pension and retiree impact 0.16 0.01 Core net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, measure $ 8.16 $ 7.62 (a) 7 % Impact of foreign exchange translation 2 Growth in core net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, on a constant currency basis, measure 9 % (a) Does not sum due to rounding. Net Impact We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include agricultural products, metals, and energy. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the divisions realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting volatility, which remains in corporate unallocated expenses. Restructuring and Impairment Charges 2019 Productivity Plan The 2019 Productivity Plan leverages new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; our and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplifies our organization and optimizes our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. To build on the successful implementation of the 2019 Productivity Plan, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we further expanded and extended the plan through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives described above. As a result, we expect to incur 50 Table of Contents charges of approximately $6.15 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $5.1 billion, as compared to our previous estimate of charges of approximately $3.65 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $2.9 billion. Plan to date through December 28, 2024, we have incurred charges of $2.6 billion, including cash expenditures of $1.9 billion. In our 2025 financial results, we expect to incur charges of approximately $900 million, including cash expenditures of approximately $800 million. These charges will be funded primarily through cash from operations. We expect to incur the majority of the remaining charges and cash expenditures through 2027, with the balance to be incurred through 2030. Charges include severance and other employee costs, asset impairments and other costs. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further information related to our 2019 Productivity Plan. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above and in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges. Merger and integration charges include costs, contract termination costs, closing costs and other integration costs. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Impairment and Other Charges/Credits We recognized conflict charges, brand portfolio impairment charges and other impairment charges as described below. Conflict Charges In connection with the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, we recognized charges related to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment impairment, allowance for expected credit losses, inventory and other costs in 2022. We also recognized adjustments to these charges in 2023. See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Brand Portfolio Impairment Charges We recognized intangible asset, investment and property, plant and equipment impairments and other charges as a result of management’s decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment in 2022. We also recognized adjustments to these charges in 2023. See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Other Impairment Charges We recognized impairment charges taken as a result of our quantitative assessments of certain of our intangible assets and related to our investment in TBG. In addition, we recorded allowance for expected credit losses related to outstanding receivables from TBG associated with the Juice Transaction. See Notes 1, 4 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Product Impact We recognized product returns, inventory and customer and costs in our QFNA division associated with a voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 51 Table of Contents Indirect Tax Impact We recognized additional expenses related to an indirect tax reserve in our LatAm division. Pension and Retiree Impact Pension and retiree impact includes settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchase of a group annuity contract whereby a insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees. The settlement charge was triggered when the aggregate of the cumulative lump sum distributions and the annuity contract premium exceeded the total annual service and interest costs. Pension and retiree impact also includes curtailment losses due to restructuring actions as part of our 2019 Productivity Plan. See Notes 7 and 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Our Liquidity and Capital Resources We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities, working capital lines and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs, including with respect to our net capital spending plans. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash from operations, proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial paper and debt, and cash and cash equivalents. These sources of cash are available to fund cash outflows that have both a short- and component, including debt repayments and related interest payments; payments for acquisitions; operating leases; purchase, marketing, and other contractual commitments, including capital expenditures and the transition tax liability under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act). In addition, these sources of cash fund other cash outflows including anticipated dividend payments and share repurchases. We do not have guarantees or sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our liquidity. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. As of December 28, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and investments in our consolidated subsidiaries subject to currency controls or currency exchange restrictions were not material. The TCJ Act imposed a mandatory transition tax on undistributed international earnings. As of December 28, 2024, our mandatory transition tax liability was $1.7 billion, which must be paid through 2026 under the provisions of the TCJ Act; we currently expect to pay approximately $772 million of this liability in 2025. Any additional guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) may impact our recorded amounts for this transition tax liability. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the TCJ Act. Supply chain financing arrangements did not have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources in the periods presented and we do not expect such arrangements to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources for the foreseeable future. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of supply chain financing arrangements. Furthermore, our cash provided from operating activities is somewhat impacted by seasonality. Working capital needs are impacted by weekly sales, which are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal and patterns and generally lowest in the first quarter. On a continuing basis, we consider various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, dividends, share repurchases, productivity and other efficiency initiatives and other structural changes. These transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments. 52 Table of Contents The table below summarizes our cash activity: 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 12,507 $ 13,442 Net cash used for investing activities $ (5,472) $ (5,495) Net cash used for financing activities $ (7,556) $ (3,009) Operating Activities In 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was $12.5 billion, compared to $13.4 billion in the prior year. The decrease in operating cash flow primarily reflects unfavorable working capital comparisons. Investing Activities In 2024, net cash used for investing activities was $5.5 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending of $5.0 billion. In 2023, net cash used for investing activities was $5.5 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending of $5.3 billion. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of capital spending by division and see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions. We regularly review our plans with respect to net capital spending and believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our net capital spending needs. Financing Activities In 2024, net cash used for financing activities was $7.6 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $8.2 billion, as well as payments of debt borrowings of $3.9 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuances of debt of $4.0 billion. In 2023, net cash used for financing activities was $3.0 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $7.7 billion, as well as payments of debt borrowings of $3.0 billion, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of debt of $5.5 billion and net proceeds from borrowings of $2.3 billion. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of debt obligations. We annually review our capital structure with our Board, including our dividend policy and share repurchase activity. On February 10, 2022, we announced a share repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to $10.0 billion of PepsiCo common stock which commenced on February 11, 2022 and will expire on February 28, 2026. In addition, on February 4, 2025, we announced a 5% increase in our annualized dividend to $5.69 per share from $5.42 per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2025. We expect to return a total of approximately $8.6 billion to shareholders in 2025, comprising dividends of approximately $7.6 billion and share repurchases of approximately $1.0 billion. 53 Table of Contents Free Cash Flow The table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, as reflected on our cash flow statement, to our free cash flow. Free cash flow is a financial measure. For further information on free cash flow, see “ Measures.” 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities, GAAP measure $ 12,507 $ 13,442 (7) % Capital spending (5,318) (5,518) Sales of property, plant and equipment 342 198 Free cash flow, measure $ 7,531 $ 8,122 (7) % We use free cash flow primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders primarily through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. However, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks” for certain factors that may impact our credit ratings or our operating cash flows. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether or not as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any downgrade of our current credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Changes in Line Items in Our Consolidated Financial Statements Changes in line items in the income statement are discussed in “Results of Operations – Consolidated Review,” “Results of Operations – Division Review” and “Items Affecting Comparability.” Changes in line items in the cash flow statement are discussed in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Changes in line items in the balance sheet are discussed below: Total Assets As of December 28, 2024, total assets were $99.5 billion, compared to $100.5 billion as of December 30, 2023. The decrease in total assets is primarily driven by the following line item: Change (a) Cash and cash equivalents (b) $ (1.2) (a) In billions. (b) Refer to the cash flow statement for further information. Total Liabilities As of December 28, 2024, total liabilities were $81.3 billion, compared to $81.9 billion as of December 30, 2023. There were no material line item changes. See Notes 8 and 13 for further information regarding our liabilities. Total Equity See the equity statement and Notes 9 and 11 to our consolidated financial statements. 54 Table of Contents Return on Invested Capital ROIC is a financial measure. For further information on ROIC, see “ Measures.” 2024 Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 9,578 Interest expense 1,606 Tax on interest expense (357) $ 10,827 Average debt obligations (a) $ 44,844 Average common shareholders’ equity (b) 18,898 Average invested capital $ 63,742 ROIC, measure 17.0 % (a) Includes a quarterly average of and debt obligations. (b) Includes a quarterly average of common stock, capital in excess of par value, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive loss and repurchased common stock. The table below reconciles ROIC as calculated above to net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability. 2024 ROIC, measure 17.0 % Impact of: Average cash, cash equivalents and investments 2.6 Interest income (1.0) Tax on interest income 0.2 net impact (a) — Restructuring and impairment charges (a) 0.6 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (a) — Impairment and other charges/credits (a) 0.5 Product impact (a) 0.1 Indirect tax impact (a) 0.2 Pension and retiree impact (a) 0.2 Core Net ROIC, measure 20.4 % (a) See “Items Affecting Comparability” for a detailed description. OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES An appreciation of our critical accounting policies and estimates is necessary to understand our financial results. These policies may require management to make difficult and subjective judgments regarding uncertainties, including the business and economic uncertainty resulting from volatile geopolitical conditions and the high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, and as a result, such estimates may significantly impact our financial results. The precision of these estimates and the likelihood of future changes depend on a number of underlying variables and a range of possible outcomes. We applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented. We have discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. 55 Table of Contents Our critical accounting policies and estimates are: • revenue recognition; • goodwill and other intangible assets; • income tax expense and accruals; and • pension and retiree medical plans. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue when our performance obligation is satisfied. Our primary performance obligation (the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products) is satisfied upon the shipment or delivery of products to our customers, which is also when control is transferred. The transfer of control of products to our customers is typically based on written sales terms that generally do not allow for a right of return, except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances that may allow for product returns. Our policy for DSD, including certain chilled products, is to remove and replace damaged and products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain products is to replace damaged and products. As a result, we record reserves, based on estimates, for product recall, anticipated damaged and produc ts. Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with local and industry practices, typically require payment within 30 days of delivery in the United States, and generally within 30 to 90 days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for our expected credit loss exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and collectibility, history, the aging of accounts receivable, our analysis of customer data, and information (including the expected impact of a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), leveraging estimates of creditworthiness and projections of default and recovery rates for certain of our customers. Our policy is to provide customers with product when needed. In fact, our commitment to freshness and product dating serves to regulate the quantity of product shipped or delivered. In addition, DSD products are placed on the shelf by our employees with customer shelf space and storerooms limiting the quantity of product. For product delivered through other distribution networks, we monitor customer inventory levels. As discussed in “Our Customers” in “Item 1. Business,” we offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing activities on our behalf, such as payments for displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also include support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities. A number of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates, are based on annual targets, and accruals are established during the year, as products are delivered, for the expected payout, which may occur after once reconciled and settled. These accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgment with respect to estimating customer and consumer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and 56 Table of Contents are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our revenue recognition and related policies, including total marketplace spending. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets We sell products under a number of brand names, many of which were developed by us. Brand development costs are expensed as incurred. We also purchase brands and other intangible assets in acquisitions. In a business combination, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including brands and other intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions, including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, based on an evaluation of a number of factors, such as marketplace participants, product life cycles, market share, consumer awareness, brand history and future expansion expectations, amount and timing of future cash flows and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. We believe that a brand has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong revenue and cash flow performance and we have the intent and ability to support the brand with marketplace spending for the foreseeable future. If these brand criteria are not met, brands are amortized over their expected useful lives, which generally range from 20 to 40 years. Determining the expected life of a brand requires management judgment and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market share, consumer awareness, brand history, future expansion expectations and regulatory restrictions, as well as the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brand is sold. In connection with previous acquisitions, we reacquired certain franchise rights which provided the exclusive and perpetual rights to manufacture and/or distribute beverages for sale in specified territories. In determining the useful life of these franchise rights, many factors were considered, including the perpetual bottling arrangements, the indefinite period expected for these franchise rights to contribute to our future cash flows, as well as the lack of any factors that would limit the useful life of these franchise rights to us, including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors. Therefore, certain of these franchise rights are considered as . Franchise rights that are not considered are amortized over the remaining contractual period of the contract in which the right was granted. intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and, as a result, are assessed for impairment at least annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our third quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic conditions (including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. In the quantitative assessment for intangible assets and goodwill, an assessment is performed to determine the fair value of the intangible asset 

[truncated]