BETA Close X Ninety One plc has announced an initial notification of a transaction by Director Charles Harman. On June 5, 2026, Mr. Harman acquired 25,000 ordinary shares of Ninety One plc in London at a price of £2.226388 per share, representing a total transaction value of £55,659.70. This acquisition is a direct purchase of the company's securities by a key executive. Disclaimer* Ninety One PLC 08 June 2026 Ninety One Limited Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa Registration number 2019/526481/06 Date of registration: 18 October 2019 JSE share code: NY1 ISIN: ZAE000282356 Ninety One plc Incorporated in England and Wales Registration number 12245293 Date of registration: 4 October 2019 LSE share code: N91 JSE share code: N91 ISIN: GB00BJHPLV88 LEI: 549300G0TJCT3K15ZG14 Notification of transactions by relevant Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and persons closely associated with them, prescribed officers, companies secretaries and associates As part of the dual listed company structure, Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited (together " Ninety One ") notify both the London and Johannesburg Stock Exchanges of those interests (and changes to those interests) of (i) directors of both entities and the respective company secretaries and such persons' respective associates and persons closely associated with them, (ii) prescribed officers and PDMRs and such persons' respective associates and persons closely associated with them, and (iii) in certain instances the directors and company secretaries of major subsidiaries of Ninety One and such persons' respective associates, in the securities of Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited which are required to be disclosed under Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation 596/2014) ("MAR"), the Listing Rules, and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the FCA and/or the JSE Listings Requirements. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated / associate a) Legal person Charles Harman 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Ninety One plc b) LEI 549300G0TJCT3K15ZG14 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of GBP0.0001 each GB00BJHPLV88 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.226388 25,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 25,000 £2.226388 e) Date of the transaction 5 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Date of release: 08 June 2026 JSE Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ninety One (N91) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Primary Health Properties 1 hour ago CT Healthcare Trust plc 1 hour ago InterContinental Hotels Group 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago FirstGroup All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and