BETA Close X Ninety One Limited has published its annual compliance report in accordance with the Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment Act, as submitted to the BEE Commissioner. This report is now available on the company's website, www.ninetyone.com, and is relevant for compliance with JSE Listing Requirements. Disclaimer* Ninety One PLC 08 July 2026 Ninety One Limited Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa Registration number 2019/526481/06 JSE share code: NY1 ISIN: ZAE000282356 Ninety One plc Incorporated in England and Wales Registration number 12245293 LSE share code: N91 JSE share code: N91 ISIN: GB00BJHPLV88 LEI: 549300G0TJCT3K15ZG14 As part of the dual listed company structure, Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited notify both the LSE and the JSE Limited of matters which are required to be disclosed under the Disclosure Guidance, Transparency Rules and Listing Rules of the United Kingdom Listing Authority and/or the JSE Listings Requirements. NINETY ONE LIMITED BROAD-BASED BLACK ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT ("THE ACT"): ANNUAL COMPLIANCE REPORT In accordance with paragraph 12.17 (g) and Appendix 1 to Section 6 of the JSE Listing Requirements, notice is hereby given that the Company's annual compliance report in terms of section 13G(2) of the Act, as submitted to the BEE Commissioner, has been published and is available on Ninety One's website at www.ninetyone.com . By order of the Board Ninety One Africa Proprietary Limited Company Secretary 08 July 2026 JSE Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ninety One (N91) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and