BETA Close X Princes Group plc has announced the commencement of a share buyback programme with an allocation of up to £25 million to repurchase ordinary shares, intended to fulfil corporate purposes including its Employee SAYE scheme. The programme, which will be conducted on the London Stock Exchange and held in treasury, is authorised by shareholders and will operate in accordance with UK Listing Rules and MAR regulations. Purchases will be announced by the end of the 7th daily market session following the transaction, and the programme is expected to run until 27 August 2027, unless completed or extended earlier. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 29 May 2026 29 May 2026 Princes Group plc ("Princes" or the "Company" and, together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") Commencement of Share Buyback Programme Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, today announces that it is launching a share buyback programme to purchase ordinary shares in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") and has allocated up to £25 million to the buyback programme (the " Share Buyback Programme "). The purpose of the Share Buyback Programme is to fulfil a number of corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the satisfaction of its Employee SAYE scheme which will be rolled out later this year. As such, all Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Group under the Share Buyback Programme will be held in treasury. The purchase of Ordinary Shares will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange. Any purchases of Ordinary Shares by the Company will be conducted in accordance with the general authority to purchase Ordinary Shares granted by its shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 27 May 2026. The maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be purchased under the Share Buyback Programme is 6,200,000. The Share Buyback Programme will be conducted in accordance with Chapter 9 of the Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules (UKLR) and with European Union (EU) Regulation No 596/2014 (" MAR ") and the MAR buyback technical standards (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052) (the " Technical Standards "), both of which form part of Retained EU Law as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Share Buyback Programme will be announced by no later than the end of the 7th daily market session following the calendar day on which such transaction occurred, as required by MAR. The Share Buyback Programme is expected to operate until 27 August 2027, unless completed earlier or extended. Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK (Financial PR communications) princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin / Caroline Merrell +44 (0)7852 210329 Princes Group plc Princes Group is a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector. The Group operates across five business units: Foods, Fish, Italian, Oils, and Drinks and holds leading positions in both branded and customer own brand products. The Group's branded portfolio includes well-known, trusted brands such as Princes, Napolina, Branston, Batchelors, Flora, Crisp 'N Dry, Delverde, Plasmon, Naked Noodle, and Vier Diamanten. By combining industrial expertise with long-standing supply partnerships, Princes Group is a trusted partner to a diverse range of blue-chip customers, including major food retailers, B2B partners, and the foodservice industry, reaching over 8,000 clients globally and exporting to more than 60 countries. Headquartered in Liverpool, UK, Princes Group generated £1.92 bn pro forma revenues in the year ended 31 December 2025, employs approximately 7,800 people and operates 24 production facilities across the United Kingdom, continental Europe, and Mauritius, supported by 21 warehouses and distribution centres and three offices in the UK, Poland, and the Netherlands. With a strong production network, the Group is well-positioned for future growth, consistently delivering quality, innovation, and reliable supply across multiple categories, while upholding its commitment to excellence and long-term customer relationships. For more information, visit www.princesgroup.com . END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and