ABN 95 009 211 474
10.30am (AWST)
FRIDAY 16 OCTOBER 2026
PARMELIA HILTON HOTEL, SWAN ROOM
14 MILL STREET, PERTH WA 6000
NOTICE OF 
ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING
20
26
For personal use only
KEY DATES
Date of this Notice
11 September 2026 
Due date for lodgement of Proxy Forms
10.30am (AWST) on Wednesday 14 October 2026
Record date for voting at AGM
4.00pm (AWST) on Wednesday 14 October 2026 
2026 Annual General Meeting
10.30am (AWST) on Friday 16 October 2026
Notice is hereby given that the 2026 Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders of Perenti Limited will be 
held at the Parmelia Hilton Hotel, 14 Mill Street, 
Perth, Western Australia at 10.30am (AWST) on 
Friday 16 October 2026.
Shareholders will also be able to view the Meeting 
live, vote in real time and ask questions online via 
https://meetings.openbriefing.com/PRN26 
Attached to and forming part of this Notice 
is an Explanatory Memorandum that provides 
Shareholders with background information 
and further details on the Resolutions to assist 
Shareholders to determine how they wish to vote 
on the Resolutions. This Notice, including the 
Explanatory Memorandum, should be read in its 
entirety.
NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING
CONTENTS
Letter from the Chair
1
Agenda
2
Explanatory Memorandum
4
Glossary
9
Notes
10
Annexure A – Summary of Incentive Rights Plan 
and Performance/Vesting Hurdles
11
Annexure B – Virtual Meeting Online Guide 
15
Sample Proxy Form 
20
For personal use only
LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
DIANE SMITH-GANDER AO
CHAIR
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual 
General Meeting of Perenti Limited (Meeting), which will  
be held at 10.30am (AWST) on Friday, 16 October 2026 
at The Parmelia Hilton Hotel, 14 Mill St, Perth, Western 
Australia and online via the MUFG Corporate Markets 
(MUFG) online meeting platform. Registration will be 
available from 10.00am (AWST).
The Meeting provides an opportunity for you to ask 
questions and hear from your Board and Group Executive 
Committee.
This Notice of Meeting describes the business that 
will be proposed and sets out the procedures for your 
participation and voting.
To enable participation by Shareholders in the Meeting 
without physical attendance, the Company has arranged 
virtual access to the Meeting via https://meetings.
openbriefing.com/PRN26. 
Shareholders do not need to attend the Meeting physically 
in order to cast their votes or to participate in the Meeting. 
The Company therefore recommends that Shareholders 
who do not wish to attend the Meeting in person, but who 
wish to vote, do so by:
1.	
participating in the virtual meeting (further details 
below) and casting a vote online; or
2.	
appointing the chair of the Meeting as their proxy (and 
where desired, directing the chair how to vote on a 
Resolution) by completing and returning the Proxy 
Form.
It is recommended that Shareholders log in to the online 
platform at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start 
time for the Meeting by navigating to https://meetings.
openbriefing.com/PRN26 on a supported web browser  
on your computer or online device.
To register to vote on the online platform, you will need 
your Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder 
Identification Number (HIN), which is printed at the top  
of your Proxy Form, and your postcode.
Proxyholders will need a proxy code. This will be provided 
by the share registry, MUFG Corporate Markets, via email 
within 24 hours prior to the Meeting.
As would be the case when attending a meeting in person, 
Shareholders will be able to view proceedings live, ask 
questions or make comments (either in writing or orally) 
via the platform and vote at the appropriate times while the 
Meeting is in progress.
All Resolutions will be conducted by poll. More information 
regarding online attendance at the Meeting (including how 
to vote, comment and ask questions virtually during the 
Meeting) is available in the Virtual Meeting Online Guide, 
which is attached at Annexure B.
Your Directors are unanimously of the opinion that all of 
the Resolutions proposed in this Notice are in the best 
interests of Shareholders and of the Group. Accordingly, 
they recommend (except where your Directors have 
abstained from making a recommendation due to having 
an interest in the outcome of the resolution) that you vote 
in favour of all of the Resolutions. 
I look forward to your participation at the Meeting and 
thank you for your continued support.
Yours sincerely
Diane Smith-Gander AO
Chair
11 September 2026
1
Perenti – Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026
For personal use only
ORDINARY BUSINESS
REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS
To receive and consider:
a.	 the financial report for the year ended 30 June 2026 
and the related Directors’ Report, Directors’ Declaration 
and Auditors’ Report; and
b.	 the sustainability report (climate-related financial 
disclosures) for the year ended 30 June 2026 and the 
related Directors’ Declaration and Auditors’ Report.
RESOLUTION 1 –  
ADOPT REMUNERATION REPORT
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as an 
ordinary resolution:
“That the Remuneration Report of the Company for the 
financial year ended 30 June 2026 be adopted.”
Note: Under the Corporations Act, this Resolution is advisory only and 
does not bind the Directors or the Company.
Voting exclusion statement
To the extent required by section 250R of the Corporations 
Act, a vote must not be cast (in any capacity) on Resolution 
1 by or on behalf of a member of the Company’s or the 
Group’s key management personnel (whose remuneration 
is disclosed in the Remuneration Report) or by a closely 
related party of such a member. However, a person (the 
“voter”) may cast a vote as a proxy where the vote is not 
cast on behalf of such a member or a closely related party 
of such a member and the voter is either:
a.	 appointed as a proxy by writing that specifies how the 
proxy is to vote on Resolution 1; or
b.	 the chair of the Meeting and the appointment of the 
chair as proxy does not specify how the proxy is to 
vote on Resolution 1 and expressly authorises the 
chair to exercise the proxy even though Resolution 1 is 
connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration 
of a member of the key management personnel.
RESOLUTION 2 –  
RE-ELECTION OF MR VINCENT NICOLETTI 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as  
an ordinary resolution:
“That Mr Vincent Nicoletti, who retires in accordance  
with Article 59.2 of the Company’s Constitution and, being 
eligible, offers himself for re-election, be re-elected as a 
director.”
RESOLUTION 3 –  
RE-ELECTION OF MS ANDREA SUTTON
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as an 
ordinary resolution:
“That Ms Andrea Sutton, who retires in accordance with 
Article 60 of the Company’s Constitution and, being 
eligible, offers herself for re-election, be re-elected as a 
director.”
AGENDA
SPECIAL BUSINESS
RESOLUTION 4 –  
ISSUE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS TO DR VANESSA 
TORRES – FY2027 LONG TERM INCENTIVE
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as an 
ordinary resolution:
“That, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 10.14, sections 
200B and 200E of the Corporations Act, and for all other 
purposes, approval is given to issue 651,580 Performance 
Rights under the Incentive Rights Plan to the MD&CEO 
of the Company, Dr Vanessa Torres, or her nominee, as a 
long term incentive for the financial year ending 30 June 
2027 as described in the Explanatory Memorandum.” 
Voting exclusion statement
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of 
Resolution 4 by or on behalf of any Director who is eligible 
to participate in the Incentive Rights Plan or any associates 
of those persons.
However, the Company need not disregard a vote cast in 
favour of Resolution 4 by:
a.	 a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is 
entitled to vote on the Resolution, in accordance with 
directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the 
Resolution in that way; or
b.	 the chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a 
person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, in 
accordance with a direction given to the chair to vote 
on the Resolution as the chair decides; or
c.	 a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial 
or other fiduciary capacity on behalf of a beneficiary 
provided the following conditions are met:
i.	
the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the 
holder that the beneficiary is not excluded from 
voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and
ii.	 the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance 
with directions given by the beneficiary to the 
holder to vote in that way.
Also, except as permitted by the Corporations Act, a vote 
must not be cast on Resolution 4 (in any capacity) by or on 
behalf of Dr Vanessa Torres or any of her associates. 
2
Perenti – Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026
For personal use only
RESOLUTION 5 –  
ISSUE OF STI RIGHTS TO MR MARK NORWELL – 
FY2026 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as an 
ordinary resolution:
“That, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 10.11 and 
for all other purposes, approval is given to issue up to a 
maximum of 144,604 STI Rights under the Incentive Rights 
Plan to the former MD&CEO of the Company, Mr Mark 
Norwell, or his nominee, as part of Mr Norwell’s short term 
incentive for the financial year ended 30 June 2026, as 
described in the Explanatory Memorandum.” 
VOTING EXCLUSION STATEMENT
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of 
Resolution 5 by or on behalf of Mr Mark Norwell and 
any other person who will obtain a material benefit as a 
result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely 
by reason of being a holder of ordinary securities in the 
Company) or any associates of those persons.
However, the Company need not disregard a vote cast in 
favour of Resolution 5 by:
a.	 a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is 
entitled to vote on the Resolution, in accordance with 
directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the 
Resolution in that way; or
b.	 the chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a 
person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, in 
accordance with a direction given to the chair to vote 
on the Resolution as the chair decides; or
c.	 a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial 
or other fiduciary capacity on behalf of a beneficiary 
provided the following conditions are met:
i.	
the beneficiary provides written confirmation to  
the holder that the beneficiary is not excluded from 
voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and
ii.	 the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance 
with directions given by the beneficiary to the 
holder to vote in that way.
OTHER BUSINESS
To transact any other business that may be properly 
brought before the AGM in accordance with the 
Company’s Constitution or the law.
By order of the Board.
Justine Passaportis
Company Secretary
11 September 2026
3
Perenti – Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026
For personal use only
This Explanatory Memorandum has been prepared for 
Shareholders to outline information concerning the 
Resolutions, and to assist Shareholders to assess the merits 
of approving the Resolutions contained in the Notice.
It contains important information.
The Directors recommend that Shareholders read this 
Explanatory Memorandum in full before making any 
decision in relation to the Resolutions. 
RESOLUTION 1 –  
ADOPT REMUNERATION REPORT
The Remuneration Report is included in the Directors’ 
Report from pages 96 to 113 of the Company’s 2026 
Annual Report. 
The Remuneration Report:
•	
describes the policies behind, and the structure of, the 
remuneration arrangements of the Company and the 
link between the remuneration of key management 
personnel and the Company’s performance; and 
•	
sets out the remuneration arrangements in place for 
the Directors and other key management personnel. 
Section 250R(2) of the Corporations Act requires a 
resolution that the Remuneration Report be adopted be 
put to the vote at the Company’s AGM. In accordance with 
the Corporations Act, the vote is advisory only and does 
not bind the Directors or the Company.
The Board will consider the outcome of the vote and 
comments made by Shareholders on this Resolution at 
the AGM when reviewing the Company’s remuneration 
policies.
In accordance with Division 9 of Part 2G.2 of the 
Corporations Act, if 25% or more of the votes cast are 
voted against the adoption of the Remuneration Report 
at two consecutive AGMs, Shareholders will be required 
to vote at the second of those AGMs on a resolution (spill 
resolution) that another meeting be held within 90 days 
at which all of the Company’s Directors (not including the 
Managing Director) must be up for re-election.
At the Company’s last AGM, the votes cast against the 
Remuneration Report represented less than 25% of the 
total votes cast. A spill resolution will therefore not be 
required at the Meeting.
Key management personnel details of whose remuneration 
are included in the Remuneration Report and their closely 
related parties are prohibited from voting on Resolution 
1, except in the circumstances described in the voting 
exclusion statement set out in the Notice.
The Company encourages all eligible Shareholders to vote 
in favour of adopting the Remuneration Report.
RESOLUTIONS 2 TO 3 –  
RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
Mr Vincent Nicoletti was appointed as a Director since the 
last annual general meeting and will retire at the Meeting 
under Article 59.2 of the Company’s Constitution.
Ms Andrea Sutton will retire at the Meeting under Article 
60 of the Company’s Constitution. 
Mr Nicoletti and Ms Sutton, both being eligible, offer 
themselves for re-election as directors at the Meeting. 
The Board (other than Mr Nicoletti and Ms Sutton, 
who each abstain in relation to their own re-election) 
unanimously recommends to Shareholders the re-election 
of Mr Nicoletti and Ms Sutton.
On the basis of the Board’s pre-appointment due 
diligence, comprehensive background checks and the 
positive contribution already observed since Mr Nicoletti’s 
appointment on 1 May 2026, the Board considers that 
Mr Nicoletti enhances the Board’s mix of skills, experience 
and knowledge, and will contribute significantly to the 
Company’s ongoing success.
The Board’s recommendation in respect of the re-election 
of existing Directors (such as Ms Sutton) is not automatic 
and is contingent on their past performance, contributions 
to the Company, and the current and future needs of 
the Board and the Company. The Board is required to 
have a process in place to undertake an annual review of 
the Board and the individual Directors and Ms Sutton’s 
performance and contribution have been assessed through 
that process.
On the basis of its evaluations, and on the basis of the 
observations of Directors during the financial year, the 
Board considers that each of Mr Nicoletti and Ms Sutton:
•	
has demonstrated commitment to their role;
•	
makes a valuable contribution to the quality of the 
Board’s decision making; and
•	
contributes to the Board having an appropriate mix 
of skills, backgrounds, knowledge, experience and 
diversity to effectively execute the Company’s strategy.
Further details in relation to Mr Nicoletti and Ms Sutton 
are set out below and in the Directors’ Report in the 
Company’s 2026 Annual Report. 
RESOLUTION 2 –  
RE-ELECTION OF MR VINCENT NICOLETTI
Article 59.2 of the Company’s Constitution provides that 
any person appointed as a director by the directors to 
fill a casual vacancy or as an additional director holds 
office only until the conclusion of the next annual general 
meeting of the Company and is eligible for re-election at 
that meeting.
Mr Vincent Nicoletti was appointed as an independent 
non-executive director with effect from 1 May 2026. As a 
new Director, and as recommended by the ASX Corporate 
Governance Council Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations, the Company carried out background 
checks on Mr Nicoletti prior to his appointment, none of 
which revealed any information of concern.
Mr Nicoletti is an experienced finance and strategy 
executive with more than 30 years of leadership 
experience across the energy, mining, contracting and 
services sectors. He is currently Chief Financial Officer 
of Alinta Energy, where he is responsible for finance, tax, 
treasury, risk management and strategy.
Prior to joining Alinta in 2019, Mr Nicoletti served as  
Chief Financial Officer of Orica, and Group Chief Financial 
Officer of Broadspectrum. During these roles he led 
finance, treasury, tax, risk, audit, strategy, information 
technology and procurement. Earlier in his career, he  
held a range of senior executive roles with BHP, 
including Chief Financial Officer of the Aluminium 
Division, Chief Financial Officer of the Marketing and 
Commercial Division, Vice President Strategy and Business 
Development for Energy Coal, Vice President Colombia 
Coal, and Acting President Energy Coal.
Mr Nicoletti holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting)  
and a Master of Science in Mineral Economics from  
Curtin University, completed with distinction, and is a 
Fellow of CPA Australia.
Mr Nicoletti does not currently have any other material 
directorships. 
Mr Nicoletti has confirmed to the Company that he will 
have sufficient time to fulfil his responsibilities as a non-
executive Director.
As at the date of this Notice, Mr Nicoletti has been a 
Director of the Company for approximately 5 months.
Mr Nicoletti is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, 
the People and Remuneration Committee and the 
Nomination Committee. 
The Board considers that Mr Nicoletti’s independence has 
not been impaired during his tenure and he is therefore 
considered to be an independent Director.
EXPLANATORY MEMORANDUM
4
Perenti – Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026
For personal use only
The Board considers that Mr Nicoletti’s extensive 
experience in finance, risk management, and strategy, 
along with more than 30 years of leadership across the 
energy, mining, contracting, and services sectors, will 
further strengthen the Board’s capabilities and support the 
Company’s strategic priorities.
The Board (other than Mr Nicoletti, who abstains) 
unanimously recommends that Shareholders vote in favour 
of Resolution 2.
RESOLUTION 3 –  
RE-ELECTION OF MS ANDREA SUTTON
Ms Andrea Sutton was appointed as a non-executive 
director on 16 October 2023. 
Ms Sutton brings over 25 years of operational, technical 
and corporate experience within the mining industry. 
Ms Sutton’s prior roles include non-executive director of 
Energy Resources of Australia Limited (ERA) and Managing 
Director and Chief Executive of ERA. 
Ms Sutton is a member of the Australasian Institute of 
Mining and Metallurgy, Engineers Australia, the Australian 
Institute of Company Directors and Chief Executive 
Women.
Ms Sutton is a non-executive director of Iluka Resources 
Limited (ASX:ILU), and Commonwealth company Australian 
Naval Infrastructure Pty Ltd. She is also Chair of the Water 
Corporation.
Ms Sutton is also a Board member of the Australian Red 
Cross Society and Perth Airport (as Australian Super 
nominee).
Ms Sutton has confirmed to the Company that she will 
have sufficient time to fulfil her responsibilities as a non-
executive Director. 
As at the date of this Notice, Ms Sutton has been a Director 
of the Company for approximately three years. Ms Sutton 
is Chair of the People and Remuneration Committee and is 
a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee and 
the Nomination Committee. 
The Board considers that Ms Sutton’s independence has 
not been impaired during her tenure and she is therefore 
considered to be an independent Director. 
The Board considers that Ms Sutton’s extensive 
operational, technical and corporate experience within 
the mining industry deepens the Board’s existing skills and 
expertise. 
The Board (other than Ms Sutton, who abstains) 
unanimously recommends that Shareholders vote in favour 
of Resolution 3.
RESOLUTION 4 –  
ISSUE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS TO DR VANESSA 
TORRES – FY2027 LONG TERM INCENTIVE
The Executive Service Agreement between the Company 
and Dr Vanessa Torres, the MD&CEO of the Company, 
provides that Dr Torres is entitled to a long term incentive 
in the form of issues of Performance Rights under the 
Company’s Incentive Rights Plan.
For FY27, the Company is proposing to grant and issue 
651,580 Performance Rights under the Incentive Rights 
Plan to Dr Torres or her nominee (the Proposed FY27 
Issue).
It is proposed that further grants of Performance Rights 
will be made to Dr Torres each year as a long-term 
incentive.
Listing Rule 10.14
Listing Rule 10.14 provides that a listed company must 
not permit a director (or certain other persons) to acquire 
equity securities under an employee incentive scheme 
unless it obtains the approval of its shareholders.
The Proposed FY27 Issue falls within Listing Rule 10.14 and 
therefore requires the approval of Shareholders. 
If Resolution 4 is passed, the Company will be able to 
proceed with the Proposed FY27 Issue. The proposed grant 
of Performance Rights constitutes Dr Torres’ long-term 
incentive for the financial year ending 30 June 2027 and 
Performance Rights for this tranche will vest based on 
performance over the period 1 July 2026 to 30 June 2029 
(FY27 Performance Period).
If Resolution 4 is not passed, the Company will not be able 
to proceed with the Proposed FY27 Issue.
The 651,580 Performance Rights proposed to be issued 
under this Resolution 4 will (if not vested) lapse at the end 
of the FY27 Performance Period. 
Please refer to Annexure A for detailed information about 
the Incentive Rights Plan, including vesting conditions for 
Performance Rights issued under the Incentive Rights Plan. 
Under the Incentive Rights Plan, the Board retains the right 
to vary or waive any vesting conditions in its discretion, 
subject to all applicable regulatory requirements.
Dr Torres, as the MD&CEO of the Company, is entitled 
to participate in the Incentive Rights Plan. The Board 
considers that the issue of Performance Rights to Dr Torres 
(or her nominee) under the Incentive Rights Plan is in the 
Company’s interests as it further aligns the interests of  
Dr Torres as the MD&CEO with the interests of 
Shareholders in order to maximise Shareholder value.
Further, the issue of Performance Rights provides cost 
effective remuneration to Dr Torres in her role as MD&CEO 
of the Company.
The number of Performance Rights was calculated with 
input from an independent remuneration advisor who has 
indicated that the total remuneration package (including 
the grant of Performance Rights) for Dr Torres’ role is 
within the range of market practice for similar roles in 
comparable ASX listed and private companies, and is 
therefore reasonable remuneration. The Directors are 
therefore comfortable that the grant of the Performance 
Rights would constitute reasonable remuneration for the 
purposes of section 211 of the Corporations Act and no 
separate approval is being sought under Chapter 2E of the 
Corporations Act in relation to the grant of Performance 
Rights to Dr Torres. 
No exercise price is payable on exercise of the 
Performance Rights and the Company will not raise  
any funds from the grant of the Performance Rights to  
Dr Torres (or her nominee) or on their exercise.
Information required by Listing Rule 10.15
Listing Rule 10.15 sets out the information that must be 
provided to Shareholders in order to obtain Shareholder 
approval under Listing Rule 10.14. The following 
information is provided in accordance with Listing Rule 
10.15: 
i.	
The person to acquire Performance Rights under the 
Incentive Rights Plan is Dr Vanessa Torres, the MD&CEO 
of the Company (or her nominee).
ii.	 Dr Torres, being a Director of the Company, falls within 
Listing Rule 10.14.1. Her nominee (if applicable) would fall 
within Listing Rule 10.14.2 as an associate of Dr Torres.
iii.	 Dr Torres (or her nominee) will acquire a maximum 
of 651,580 Performance Rights under the Incentive 
Rights Plan for the financial year ending 30 June 2027, 
which Performance Rights may vest into a maximum of 
651,580 Shares if stretch performance targets are met. 
5
Perenti – Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026
For personal use only
iv.	 Dr Torres’ current total remuneration package (subject 
to any review in the ordinary course) is: 
•	
$1,250,000 in salary and superannuation and 
$2,274 in non-monetary benefits; 
•	
a short term incentive maximum opportunity of up 
to $1,500,000 (with award payable half in cash and 
half in STI Rights); and
•	
a long term incentive maximum opportunity of 
up to $1,500,000 in Performance Rights (being 
the 651,580 Performance Rights the subject of 
Resolution 4).
v.	
As at the date of this Notice, no Performance Rights and 
no STI Rights have previously been issued to Dr Torres 
under the Incentive Rights Plan. 
vi.	 A summary of the material terms of the Incentive 
Rights Plan, the Performance Rights to be issued under 
the Incentive Rights Plan and the vesting conditions 
attached to the Performance Rights are set out in 
Annexure A.
vii.	 The Performance Rights are being used as an incentive, 
motivation and retention tool for Dr Torres, to link 
remuneration to performance, and to provide cost 
effective remuneration for Dr Torres. Performance 
Rights are used because they provide greater alignment 
with Shareholders’ interests by enabling participants to 
acquire Shares provided performance hurdles are met 
over a period of time. Use of Performance Rights also 
provides the Board with the opportunity to consider 
clawback or malus requirements when approving 
vesting at the time when the Performance Rights 
become eligible to vest.
viii.	 The indicative total value of the Performance Rights 
to be issued to Dr Torres is $1,500,000 based on a 
maximum grant value of 120% of Dr Torres’ salary 
and superannuation (being $1,250,000) at $2.3021 
per Performance Right, which is the 10-day volume 
weighted average share price at 30 June 2026. 
ix.	 It is proposed that Dr Torres (or her nominee) will be 
issued the Performance Rights as soon as practicable 
(and in any event within 3 years) after the date of the 
Meeting.
x.	 The Performance Rights will be issued to Dr Torres 
(or her nominee) for nil cash consideration (in line with 
the terms of the Incentive Rights Plan), as part of her 
remuneration package.
xi.	 No loan will be provided in relation to the acquisition of 
the Performance Rights.
xii.	 Details of any Performance Rights issued under the 
Incentive Rights Plan will be published in the annual 
report of the Company relating to the period in which 
they were issued, along with a statement that approval 
for the issue was obtained under Listing Rule 10.14.
xiii.	Any additional persons covered by Listing Rule 10.14 
who become entitled to participate in the Incentive 
Rights Plan after the resolution is approved and who 
were not named in the Notice will not participate until 
approval is obtained under that rule.
xiv.	A voting exclusion statement in respect of Resolution 4 is 
set out in the Notice.
If approval is given under Listing Rule 10.14, approval is not 
required under Listing Rule 7.1 in relation to the securities 
to be issued.
Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act
In general terms, Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 
prohibits payment by the Company of a benefit to a 
current or future holder of a managerial or executive office 
in the Company or a related body corporate (or any person 
who in the last 3 years before retirement held such an 
office) (each a Relevant Person) in c