BETA Close X Princes Group plc has announced the availability of its 2025 Annual Report and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting, which will be held on May 27, 2026. The company's 2025 pro forma revenues reached £1.92 billion. Shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes in advance of the meeting, and questions for the Directors can be emailed by May 22, 2026. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 30 April 2026 30 April 2026 Princes Group plc ("Princes Group" or "the Company") Availability of 2025 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, today announces that the Company's Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 (" Annual Report "), together with the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (" Notice of AGM "), are available for viewing on the Company's website at www.princesgroupinvestors.com and will be posted on 1 May 2026 to those shareholders that have elected to receive a hard copy. In accordance with UKLR 6.4.1R, copies of the Annual Report and the Notice of AGM have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting (" AGM ") will be held at the offices of the Company at Royal Liver Building, Pier Head, Liverpool, L3 1NX at 9.30 a.m. on Wednesday 27 May 2026. Details of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM are set out in the Notice of AGM. Shareholders are welcome to attend in person; however, as voting on the resolutions will be conducted on a poll, the Directors encourage shareholders to submit their votes in advance of the meeting. Shareholders unable to attend the AGM in person who would like to ask the Directors a question on the business of the meeting are invited to email their questions to investors@princesgroup.com by 12.00 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026, and a reply will be sent after the meeting has closed. Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK (Financial PR communications) princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin / Caroline Merrell +44 (0)7852 210329 Princes Group plc Princes Group is a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector. The Group operates across five business units: Foods, Fish, Italian, Oils, and Drinks and holds leading positions in both branded and customer own brand products. The Group's branded portfolio includes well-known, trusted brands such as Princes, Napolina, Branston, Batchelors, Flora, Crisp 'N Dry, Delverde, Plasmon, Naked Noodle, and Vier Diamanten. By combining industrial expertise with long-standing supply partnerships, Princes Group is a trusted partner to a diverse range of blue-chip customers, including major food retailers, B2B partners, and the foodservice industry, reaching over 8,000 clients globally and exporting to more than 60 countries. Headquartered in Liverpool, UK, Princes Group generated £1.92 bn pro forma revenues in the year ended 31 December 2025, employs approximately 7,800 people and operates 24 production facilities across the United Kingdom, continental Europe, and Mauritius, supported by 21 warehouses and distribution centres and three offices in the UK, Poland, and the Netherlands. With a strong production network, the Group is well-positioned for future growth, consistently delivering quality, innovation, and reliable supply across multiple categories, while upholding its commitment to excellence and long-term customer relationships. ​ For more information, visit www.princesgroup.com . END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and