BETA Close X Princes Group plc announced that CEO Simon Harrison will step down on June 30, 2026, after five years with the company, including two as CEO. Giuseppe Mastrolia, currently Chief Commercial Officer, will serve as Interim CEO from July 1, 2026, bringing extensive executive leadership experience from his previous nine-year tenure as CEO of NewPrinces Group. The company confirmed that trading remains in line with expectations, indicating stability despite the leadership transition. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 19 May 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS DEFINED UNDER ASSIMILATED REGULATION (EU) NO. 596/2014 WHICH IS PART OF THE LAWS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 19 May 2026 Princes Group plc ("Princes", the "Group" or "the Company") CEO departure and succession plan The Board of Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, announces that Simon Harrison is stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and board director with effect from 30 th June 2026 in order to pursue a new opportunity. Simon has served the Group for five years, including the last two years as Chief Executive Officer. The Board has commenced a formal succession process to appoint a permanent Chief Executive Officer. In the meantime, Giuseppe Mastrolia, currently Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Board Director, has been appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer with effect from 1 st July 2026. Giuseppe joined the Group in July 2024 as a board director following the acquisition of Princes by NewPrinces and was appointed Chief Commercial Officer last Autumn. Since becoming Chief Commercial Officer, Giuseppe has been based at the Group's headquarters in Liverpool and has played an important role in the development and execution of the Group's commercial strategy. He also brings significant executive leadership experience, having served as Chief Executive Officer of NewPrinces Group for the past nine years. The Board confirms that the Group continues to trade in line with expectations. Angelo Mastrolia, Chairman, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Simon for his contribution and leadership of the Company through the integration of Princes and especially during the transition to a publicly listed company on the London Stock Exchange. We wish him well for the future." Simon Harrison said: "Princes is well positioned for the future and I look forward to seeing its continued success. It has been a privilege to lead a great British business during a period of exciting change and I would like to thank the Chairman, the Board and all of the Princes employees for their support." This announcement has been issued by, and is the sole responsibility of, Princes Group. The person responsible for making this announcement is Benedetta Mastrolia (Director of Investor Relations). Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK (Financial PR communications) princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin / Caroline Merrell +44 (0)7852 210329 Princes Group plc Princes Group is a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector. The Group operates across five business units: Foods, Fish, Italian, Oils, and Drinks and holds leading positions in both branded and customer own brand products. The Group's branded portfolio includes well-known, trusted brands such as Princes, Napolina, Branston, Batchelors, Flora, Crisp 'N Dry, Delverde, Plasmon, Naked Noodle, and Vier Diamanten. By combining industrial expertise with long-standing supply partnerships, Princes Group is a trusted partner to a diverse range of blue-chip customers, including major food retailers, B2B partners, and the foodservice industry, reaching over 8,000 clients globally and exporting to more than 60 countries. Headquartered in Liverpool, UK, Princes Group generated £1.92 bn pro forma revenues in the year ended 31 December 2025, employs approximately 7,800 people and operates 24 production facilities across the United Kingdom, continental Europe, and Mauritius, supported by 21 warehouses and distribution centres and three offices in the UK, Poland, and the Netherlands. With a strong production network, the Group is well-positioned for future growth, consistently delivering quality, innovation, and reliable supply across multiple categories, while upholding its commitment to excellence and long-term customer relationships. For more information, visit www.princesgroup.com . END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and