BETA Close X Princes Group plc will be included in the FTSE 250 Index effective December 22, 2025, a significant development following its London Stock Exchange listing on October 31, 2025. This inclusion is anticipated to enhance the liquidity and marketability of the company's shares, aligning with the Group's objective to drive shareholder value. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 04 December 2025 4 December 2025 Princes Group plc (" Princes Group ", the " Group " or the " Company ") Inclusion in FTSE 250 Index Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, is pleased to note the announcement by FTSE Russell that the Company will join the FTSE 250 Index, effective from 22 December 2025. Simon Harrison, CEO of Princes Group, commented: "Having listed on the London Stock Exchange on 31 October 2025, inclusion in the FTSE 250 index will mark a further important step forward for the Group in our ambition to drive shareholder value. We anticipate this will lead to enhanced liquidity and marketability of the shares." Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK Financial PR communications princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin Caroline Merrell ENDS This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and