Level 4, William Square, 
45 Francis Street, Northbridge,  
WA 6003 Australia 
PO Box 8286 
Perth WA 6849 
Australia  
T +61 8 9421 6500 
info@perentigroup.com 
 
 
Perenti Limited ABN 95 009 211 474 (ASX: PRN) (Perenti) perenti.com 
 
Perenti is an ASX listed, diversified mining services group with interests in contract mining, drilling services, mining services and technology solutions. Headquartered in Perth 
and with offices and operations across four continents, we are focused on cre ating enduring value and certainty for our investors, clients, people and the communities in 
which we operate. 
 
 
 
22 April 2025 
 
Contract update at Khoemacau Copper Mine 
in Botswana 
Perenti Limited ( ASX: PRN ) (‘Perenti’ or ‘the Company’) advises the market that the ir underground mining 
business, Barminco, will finalise operations at the Khoemaca u Copper Mine  (“Khoemacau”) in Botswana at the 
end of the current contract on 30 June 2025.  
Barminco has been operating at Khoemacau since the mine commenced in 2019 and will work alongside the client, 
Khoemacau Copper Mining Proprietary Limited, a subsidiary of MMG Limited (“MMG”), to assist with a handover 
on 30 June 2025. As agreed under the current terms and conditions, all equipment at Khoemacau will be sold to 
MMG at the conclusion of the contract . The final value of the equipment will be calculated under an agreed 
formula in the contract.  
Mark Norwell, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Perenti said, “We have appreciated the opportunity 
to work on the Khoemac au Copper Mine and wish MMG well w ith their expansion plans. As outlined during our 
half year results, the financial performance at Khoemac au has not met our internal performance hurdles and we 
must maintain our commercial discipline to enable consistent returns through economic cycles. Operationally, our 
team has done an outstanding job, and I thank them for their persistence and dedication.”  
Gabrielle Iwanow, President of Contract Mining at Perenti said “ I am extremely grateful and appreciative for the 
efforts of the Barminco team who have delivered results at Khoemacau. I trust that the high standard of training 
we initiated, including training some of the very first underground mine operators in country,  will leave a legacy  
for the hundreds of Batswana citizens we have worked alongside for the past 6 years . To facilitate a safe and 
uninterrupted handover of underground operations, we will con tinue to support the client  during the coming 
months.” 
Authorised by: 
Mark Norwell 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
- END -  
Investor enquiries: Media enquiries: 
Jono van Hazel 
Head of Investor Relations – Perenti 
jono.vanhazel@perentigroup.com | +61 411 564 969 
Paul Ryan 
Managing Director, Financial Communications – Sodali & Co 
paul.ryan@sodali.com | +61 409 296 511