BETA Close X Princes Group plc has announced the immediate appointment of BNP Paribas as its Joint Corporate Broker. This strategic move positions the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector company to enhance its financial advisory and investor relations capabilities. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 27 January 2026 27 January 2026 Princes Group plc (" Princes Group ", the " Group " or the " Company ") Appointment of Joint Corporate Broker Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, is pleased to announce the appointment of BNP Paribas as Joint Corporate Broker to the Company with immediate effect. Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK Financial PR communications princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin Caroline Merrell BNP Paribas +44 (0) 20 7595 5285 Sam McLennan Carwyn Evans Jacob Ferguson Jasmine M'hamdi ENDS This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and