BETA Close X Princes Group plc has announced that its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2025 will be published on Tuesday, 31 March 2026, and will host a virtual presentation for analysts and institutional investors on the same day. The company, which generated £2.1 billion in pro forma revenues for the twelve months ended 31 December 2024, operates across five business units in the food and beverage sector and holds leading positions in both branded and own-brand products. Disclaimer* Princes Group PLC 10 March 2026 10 March 2026 Princes Group plc (" Princes Group ", the " Group " or the " Company ") Notice of Preliminary Results and Analyst Presentation Princes Group plc (LSE: PRN), a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector, today announces that it will publish its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on Tuesday, 31 March 2026 . Analyst Presentation The Company will host a virtual presentation and Q&A session for analysts and institutional investors on the day of the results. Full details regarding the webcast will be provided in a separate notification closer to the date. The results announcement and accompanying presentation will be available on the Company's website at www.princesgroupinvestors.com following the release. ENDS Enquiries For further information, please contact: Princes Group plc investors@princesgroup.com Benedetta Mastrolia, Investor Relations Director Barabino and Partners UK (Financial PR communications) princes@barabino.co.uk +44 (0) 7542846844 Georgia Colkin / Caroline Merrell Princes Group plc Princes Group is a leading international platform in the United Kingdom and European food and beverage sector. The Group operates across five business units: Foods, Fish, Italian, Oils, and Drinks and holds leading positions in both branded and customer own brand products. The Group's branded portfolio includes well-known, trusted brands such as Princes, Napolina, Branston, Batchelors, Flora, Crisp 'N Dry, Delverde, Plasmon, Naked Noodle, and Vier Diamanten. By combining industrial expertise with long-standing supply partnerships, Princes Group is a trusted partner to a diverse range of blue-chip customers, including major food retailers, B2B partners, and the foodservice industry, reaching over 8,000 clients globally and exporting to more than 60 countries. Headquartered in Liverpool, UK, Princes Group generated £2.1 bn pro forma revenues in the twelve months ended 31 December 2024, employs approximately 7,800 people and operates 24 production facilities across the United Kingdom, continental Europe, and Mauritius, supported by 21 warehouses and distribution centres and three offices in the UK, Poland, and the Netherlands. With a strong production network, the Group is well-positioned for future growth, consistently delivering quality, innovation, and reliable supply across multiple categories, while upholding its commitment to excellence and long-term customer relationships. For more information, visit www.princesgroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Princes Group PLC (PRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and