Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 364-Day Credit Agreement The description contained herein is a summary of certain material terms of the 364-Day Credit Agreement (as defined below) and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 364-Day Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the 364-Day Credit Agreement. On June 18, 2026, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the “ Company ”), entered into a 364-Day Credit Agreement (the “ 364-Day Credit Agreement ”) with each of the initial lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as lead arrangers and book runners, and Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agents. The 364-Day Credit Agreement consists of a $1.0 billion revolving credit loan, which may be drawn by the Company and its subsidiaries which are designated as Designated Borrowers under the 364-Day Credit Agreement (each, a “ 364 Borrower ”). The Company guarantees its obligations and the obligations of each 364 Borrower under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros, pursuant to the terms of the 364-Day Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement bear interest at rates equal to, at the option of the Company, the Base Rate, the EURIBO Rate or Term SOFR (as such terms are defined in the 364-Day Credit Agreement) plus the applicable margin specified in the 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of (i) June 17, 2027 or (ii) the date of termination in whole, at the election of the Company, of the commitments by the lenders under the 364-Day Credit Agreement (the “ 364 Termination Date ”). The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding on the 364 Termination Date into a term loan (“ Term Loan ”), provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The Term Loan shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the 364 Termination Date. Each 364 Borrower may prepay advances, subject to the terms and conditions of the 364-Day Credit Agreement. In addition, upon a change of control, the Company may be required to prepay any borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement upon request of the lenders holding at least a majority of the commitments under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. The proceeds under the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be used solely for general corporate purposes. None of the proceeds from the 364-Day Credit Agreement were drawn down at closing. The 364-Day Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that include, among other things: • maintenance of an interest coverage ratio; • a limitation on creating liens on certain property of the Company and its subsidiaries; • a restriction on mergers, consolidations, liquidations or sales of substantially all of the assets of the Company or its subsidiaries; and • a restriction on entering into certain transactions. The Company must maintain, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.50 to 1.00, provided that the Company is only required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 to 1.00 for any four fiscal quarter period ending on or before the end of the Company’s second fiscal quarter of 2026. For purposes of calculating the Company’s compliance with the interest coverage ratio, the Company is permitted to increase EBITDA by an amount equal to the Applicable Adjustment Addbacks (as defined in the 364-Day Credit Agreement), provided that the sum of the Applicable Adjustment Addbacks incurred in any four consecutive fiscal quarter periods ending on or before the end of the Company’s second fiscal quarter of 2026 shall not exceed $250,000,000 in the aggregate. The 364-Day Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Company may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. Five Year Credit Agreement The description contained herein is a summary of certain material terms of the 5 Year Credit Agreement (as defined below) and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 5 Year Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the 5 Year Credit Agreement. On June 18, 2026, the Company also entered into an Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement (the “ 5 Year Credit Agreement ”) with each of the initial lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as lead arrangers and book runners, and Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agents. The 5 Year Credit Agreement amends and restates the Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of June 28, 2024, as amended, among the Company, the lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. The 5 Year Credit Agreement consists of a $2.0 billion revolving credit loan (the “ Revolving Credit Loan ”), and a of an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of $800,000,000 for swing line advances (“ Swing Line Advances ”), which may be drawn by the Company and its subsidiaries which are designated as Designated Borrowers under the 5 Year Credit Agreement (each, a “ 5 Year Borrower ”). The Company guarantees its obligations and the obligations of each 5 Year Borrower under the 5 Year Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Loan may be made in US Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling, and borrowings under the Swing Line Advances shall be made in Euros, pursuant to the terms of the 5 Year Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Loan bear interest at rates equal to, at the option of the Company, the Base Rate, Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate or SONIA (as such terms are defined in the 5 Year Credit Agreement). The Company must repay all advances under the Revolving Credit Loan by the earlier of (i) June 18, 2031, subject to Extension (as defined below) or (ii) the date of termination in whole, at the election of the Company, of the commitments by the lenders under the 5 Year Credit Agreement (the “ 5 Year Termination Date ”). The 5 Year Credit Agreement provides the Company with the right to request, no earlier than 60 days but no later than 45 days prior to June 18, 2027, and again prior to June 18, 2028, that the 5 Year Termination Date be extended for one year (each such extension, an “ Extension ”) as long as certain conditions specified in the 5 Year Credit Agreement are satisfied. Any lender may refuse the request for an Extension (each such lender, a “ Declining Lender ”). Any Declining Lender may be replaced by the Company with one or more banks or other financial institutions with the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Swing Line Lender (as defined in the 5 Year Credit Agreement). The Company must repay all Swing Line Advances by the earlier of (i) the 5 Year Termination Date and (ii) seven business days after such Swing Line Advance is made. Each 5 Year Borrower may prepay advances, subject to the terms and conditions of the 5 Year Credit Agreement. In addition, upon a change of control, the Company may be required to prepay any borrowings under the 5 Year Credit Agreement upon request of the lenders holding at least a majority of the commitments under the 5 Year Credit Agreement. The proceeds under the 5 Year Credit Agreement may be used solely for general corporate purposes. None of the proceeds from the 5 Year Credit Agreement were drawn down at closing. The 5 Year Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that include, among other things: • maintenance of an interest coverage ratio; • a limitation on creating liens on certain property of the Company and its subsidiaries; • a restriction on mergers, consolidations, liquidations or sales of substantially all of the assets of the Company or its subsidiaries; and • a restriction on entering into certain transactions. The Company must maintain, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.50 to 1.00, provided that the Company is only required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 to 1.00 for any four fiscal quarter period ending on or before the end of the Company’s second fiscal quarter of 2026. For purposes of calculating the Company’s compliance with the interest coverage ratio, the Company is permitted to increase EBITDA by an amount equal to the Applicable Adjustment Addbacks (as defined in the 5 Year Credit Agreement), provided that the sum of the Applicable Adjustment Addbacks incurred in any four consecutive fiscal quarter periods ending on or before the end of the Company’s second fiscal quarter of 2026 shall not exceed $250,000,000 in the aggregate. The 5 Year Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Company may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the 5 Year Credit Agreement. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. In connection with its entry into the 364-Day Credit Agreement, the Company terminated that certain 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated June 23, 2025 with each of the initial lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as lead arrangers and book runners, and Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agents. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information provided in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 10.1 364-Day Credit Agreement, made as of June 18, 2026 among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., the initial lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders. 10.2 Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement, made as of June 18, 2026 among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., the initial lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Date: June 24, 2026 By: /s/ Donald Riccitelli Name: Donald Riccitelli Title: VP Corporate Secretary