2024

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

*AE21WY4W*

Inside
this
report

Strategic
Report

6

10
12
16
18
24
28
43

Group Overview and Highlights
Chair's Statement

Strategic Review

Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Revicw

Sustainability

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

Corporate
Governance

52
54
57

58
ral

78
80

Directors and Officers
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
in Respect of the Financial Statements

Corporate Governance Report
Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report

2024 Annual Report & Accounts

an

Group Financial
Statements

104 Independent Auditor's Report
113 Consolidated Income Statement

114 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

115 Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Shareholders’ Equity

116 Consolidated Balance Sheet
117 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

118 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

130 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Company Financial
Statements

166 Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

167 Company Balance Sheet

168 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

170 Notes to the Company Financial
Statements

Shareholder
Information

179 Financial Calendar
180 Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025
190 Directors and Advisors

4

2024 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic
Report

10
12
16
18
24
28
43

Group Overview and Highlights
Chair's Statement

Strategic Review

Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Sustainability

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

qoday 216,095

aouousenoy ax00ds09

squawaroas jou0Uls dros

squawiay6ys jo!uouly Kuodwo>

uopowsosu) Japjoyasoys,

Group Overview and Highlights

Our scale, expertise and
operational excellence mean
that we are well placed to
capitalise on opportunities

Progressive

dividend
policy
Our employees
are the foundation
of our business,
with a continued
focus on delivering
outstanding
customer service
Margin
improvement on
track for target
of at least 14% in
2026
We continue to
prioritise the New HORECA
identification of site in Crawley
. . now processing
earnings enhancing work
acquisition

opportunities

Acquisition

of Empire
Linen Services
Limited
Ongoing capital
investment
throughout the
estate to enhance
efficiencies and
increase capacity
Strong balance
sheet and cash
generation with
capacity for further
investment
Intention
to launcha
further share
buyback
programme for
up to £30.0m

“We enter 2025 with a strong
and well invested business
which, as we have previously
demonstrated during
challenging times, is resilient
and well placed to mitigate
and manage the potential
economic challenges that

may arise in 2025 through opportunities
available to the

operational efficiencies and
other measures.”

The Board
remains

confident about

the growth

Group

squawarnrs [D}DUDULy dnosD a2uDUsanen ayo10ds05 qoday 21601095

syuawiaz0Is jo}DUDUy AUDdWo>

uo owsojul s9pjoya10ys

GROUP OVERVIEW
AND HIGHLIGHTS

Repositioned as a Dedicated
Textile Services Provider

Group Overview and Highlights

Price increases and other actions implemented
throughout 2024 to help offset cost inflation

“We continue to seek out and acquire earnings enhancing businesses which provide further geographic
coverage. We also continue to invest in our estate to drive production efficiencies, organic growth and

support our high levels of customer service.”

Notes
1, Allfiguees are from Continuing Operations.
2, “Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss)" refers to operating proft/(loss) before

omortisation of intangible assets (excluding software amortisation), goodwill
impoirment ond exceptional items.

3. “Aajusted Profit/(Loss) Before Taxation” refers to Adjusted Operating Profit
(085) less finance costs.

4

“Adjusted Diluted Eornings/(Loss) per Shore" refers to diluted earnings
per share calculated bosed on adjusted profit/(loss) after toxation and,
in 2021, 2022 ond 2023, excludes the benefit of the capital cllowances
super deduction which offers 130% first yeor relief on qualifying spend.

a2uousanen axos0d0> qoday 2/6105

squawayoas |opU_ULY dnosD

squawayo3s jo;ouoUly Auodwo>

yop owsoju) Japjoyas0y4s

Chair's Statement

Dear Shareholder

1am pleased to announce that the Group has delivered strong
results for the financial year ending 31 December 2024, setting
a solid foundation for long-term, sustainable growth. This
‘achievement reflects the robustness of our business model, our
operational expertise, strong relationships with our customers
and suppliers, and most importantly, the dedication and hard
work of our employees. Under the dynamic leadership of Peter
Egan, our CEO, and the executive team, our people continue

to drive our success. On behalf of the Board, | extend heartfelt
gratitude to all employees for their exceptional efforts, and

to our stakeholders for their unwavering support. As we move
forward into 2025, the Board is committed to executing our
growth strategy and capitalising growth opportunities.

Financial Results

As explained in the Chief Executive's Operating Review on page
18, total revenue for the year to 31 December 2024 increased

by 10.3% to £513.4 million (2023: £465.3 million). This increase
delivered an adjusted profit before taxation of £54.8 million
(2023: £44.5 million). This strong performance refiects sustained
endeavour across the Group shaped by the strong and energetic
leadership of Peter and Yvonne, your Executive Directors, and
their management team. Volatility and uncertainty have been a
continuing context for our businesses; notwithstanding this, the
businesses have sought to satisfy our customers and employees
in line with our purpose. Further details of our operational and
financial performance can be found on pages 18 to 27.

Dividend

As determined by our progressive dividend policy, an interim
dividend of 1.3 pence per share was paid on 1 November 2024
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of 27 pence
per share, which reflects the Board's confidence in the prospects
of the business. Together with the interim dividend this takes

the total dividend for the year to 4.0 pence per share and, as the.
Board previously committed to do, reduces cover to 2.5 times
from the historic level of 3.0 times.

‘..the Group has delivered
strong results for the
financial year..."

Jock Lennox
Chair

10 2024 Annual Report & Accounts

Acquisitions

As previously reported, we completed the acquisition of Empire
Linen Services Limited ("Empire") on 2 September 2024 for a total
consideration of £20.6 million, reflecting our continuing strategy
to grow by acquisition alongside our organic development.
Empire complements our servicing of luxury hotels in the UK

‘and will provide further opportunities for investment and
development. We are delighted to welcome all of our new
colleagues and are already seeing ideas and best practice being
shared to and from the wider JSG fomily.

We anticipate that there will be further opportunities for us
to invest in attractive and earnings enhancing acquisition
opportunities. Our pipeline remains healthy as we continue
to invest in building relationships with independent players.
We are also seen as a good “parent” that supports the further
development of these businesses.

A Strong Capital Base

The Group maintains a strong balance sheet and is well
positioned to continue to invest in the business to support our
long-term growth prospects. The Group's objective is to employ

a disciplined approach to investment, returns and capital
efficiency to deliver sustainable compounding growth whilst also
maintaining a strong balance sheet.

Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged and considers
maintaining a strong balance sheet, ongoing capital investment
in our estate, accretive acquisitions, a progressive dividend
policy and distributing any surplus cash to Shareholders. Further
detoils of our capital allocation policy are provided on pages 26
to 27 ond further details of the share buyback programmes can
be found on page 27.

Share Buyback Programme

In the period September 2022 to November 2023, the Group
undertook two share buyback programmes which returned

over £35.0 million to Shareholders. The Group continues to have
significant headroom under its committed facilities and leverage
of less than one times and, accordingly, the Board is pleased

to confirm that it intends to shortly commence a further share
buyback programme for up to a maximum consideration of £30.0
million, excluding expenses. The Board will further actively review
its options once this tranche has been deployed.

Governance and the Board

Companies today are judged, rightly, by their integrity and
trustworthiness os well os their financial performance. One of
my key responsibilities as Chair is to ensure good governance
for the Group. lam extremely well supported in this regard by all
the members of the Boord, and our General Counsel & Company
Secretary, who bring a wealth of skills and experience that
complements the talents of our Group management teams.
With effect from 1 November 2024, as part of the Company's

planned Board succession, Kirsty Homer was appointed os
Chair of the Remuneration Committee and designated Non-
Executive Director for Workforce Engagement in succession to
Nick Gregg. Kirsty’s extensive experience and expertise will be of
great benefit to progressing the Group's remuneration agenda
‘and policy in the context of the Group's growth trajectory and

its continued evolution in scale and complexity. Having served
nine years as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company, Nick subsequently stood down as an Independent
Non-Executive Director of the Company and retired from the
Board on 31 December 2024, | would like to thank Nick for his
significont contribution and, in addition, would like to thank alll of
my Board colleagues for their continued support and valuable
contributions os we continue to undertake oversight of the
strategic, operational and compliance risks and opportunities
across the Group, define our path to success and uphold the high
standards expected of us

During the year, an independent, externally facilitated,
evaluation of the Board and its committees was conducted.
The evaluation concluded that the performance of the Boord
and its Committees continues to be effective. Further details

of the evaluation are set out within the Corporate Governance
Report on page 68. An action plan listing specific actions to
further enhance the Board's effectiveness has been developed,
with progress to be closely monitored and regularly reviewed at
Board meetings throughout the coming year.

The CEO and CFO meet regularly with institutional investors
to discuss strategic matters and to make presentations on the
Group's results. As previously, | also met with a number of our
major Shareholders in order to understand more fully their views
and to provide them with an opportunity to raise any questions
they had outside of the normal Investor Relations process. My
intention is to once again extend this invitation to our major
Shareholders during 2025.

Sustainability

Our belief that embedding a best-in-class sustainability
programme throughout our operations will help position

us asa leader in responding to the challenges faced by the
textile services industry and prove to be a differentiator for our
customers remains unchanged. Following the lounch of ‘The
Johnsons Way’, our group-wide approach to sustainability, we
continue to make excellent progress, refining and executing

our strategy around the four ‘Pillars’ of ‘Our Family’, ‘Our World’,
‘Our Integrity’ and ‘Our Communities’ and publishing our third
Sustainability Report. Further details are set out in the report on
Sustainability on pages 28 to 42.

Summary and Outlook
Looking chead, we are enthusiastic about the Group's potential
to expand both organically and through strategic acquisitions, to
achieve further revenue and profit growth, enhance operational
efficiencies, and deliver strong returns to Shareholders. Whilst
we remain vigilant to global economic and geopolitical
uncertainties, our scale, strategic focus, and dedication to
operational excellence - alongside ongoing investment in our
team - position us well to seize future opportunities. With o
promising start to the year, we remain confident about delivering
another year of progress in 2025 and future growth in the Group's
performance over the medium term.

Jock Lennox
Non-Executive Chair

3 March 2025

"

quoday 216030195

a2upusanon axos0di0>,

squawiaroas jo}suDULy dads

squawiarnas josuoUls Kundwio>

von pwsoju) apjoyssoys

Strategic
Review

12

2024 Annual Report & Accounts.

The Strategic Report

The Strategic Report comprises the Group Overview and
Highlights, the Chair's Statement, the Strategic Review,
Our Commitment to Section 172(1), the Chief Executive's
Operating Review, the Financial Review, the report on
Sustainability (including the Group Non-Financial ond
Sustainability Information Statement) and the Principal
Risks and Uncertainties.

Principal Activities and Business

Overview

Johnson Service Group PLC (the ‘Company’ is
incorporated and domiciled in the UX, its registered
number is 523335 and the address of its registered office
is Johnson House, Abbots Park, Monks Way, Preston Brook,
Cheshire, WA7 3GH. The Company is a public limited
company and has its primary listing on the AIM division of
the London Stock Exchange,

The Company and its subsidiories (together, the Group’)
provides textile rental and related services to the Hotel,
Restaurant and Catering (‘'HORECA’) and Workwear
sectors throughout the UK and Republic of Ireland.

Within our HORECA division, Johnsons Hotel Linen’, our
high-volume linen business, primarily serves group and
independent large hotel customers, ‘Johnsons Hotel,
Restaurant and Catering Linen’ provides premium

linen services to restaurant, hospitality and corporate
event customers whilst Johnsons Luxury Linen’, which
comprises of Empire, acquired in September 2024, and
Regency, acquired in February 2023, provides bespoke
linen predominantly to four and five-star luxury hotels.
Also, within HORECA, ‘Johnsons Ireland’ serves both
hospitality and healthcare customers. Our Workwear
division comprises solely of Johnsons Workwear’, which
predominantly provides workwear rental, protective wear
‘and loundry services to UK corporates across all industry
sectors.