Johnson Service Group PLC

Registered No: 00523335

Positive
about future
growth

2023 Annual Report & Accounts

tut |

2023

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

Inside
this
report

01. Strategic Report

6 Group Overview and Highlights

10 Chair's Statement

12 Strategic Review

16 Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
18 Chief Executive's Operating Review
24 Financial Review

28 Sustainability

45 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

02. Corporate
Governance

54 Directors and Officers
56 Directors’ Report

61 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
in Respect of the Financial Statements

62 Corporate Governance Report
77 Audit Committee Report
86 Nomination Committee Report

89 Directors’ Remuneration Report

03. Group Financial
Statements

116 Independent Auditors’ Report
125 Consolidated Income Statement

126 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

127. Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Shareholders’ Equity
128 Consolidated Balance Sheet
129 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

130 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

143 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

04. Company Financial
Statements

180 Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

181 Company Balance Sheet
182 Company Statement of Cash Flows

183 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

184 Notes to the Company Financial
Statements

05. Shareholder
Information

193 Financial Calendar
194 Notice of Annual General Meeting

204 = Directors and Advisors

10
12
16
18
24
28
45

Report

Group Overview and Highlights
Chair's Statement

Strategic Review

Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Sustainability

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

2023 Annual Report & Accounts 01. Strategic Report

GROUP OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

The Board remains
confident about the
growth opportunities
available to the Group

Our employees
are the foundation
of our business,
with a continued
focus on delivering
outstanding
customer service

Progressive

dividend , :
policy Identification
of earnings
enhancing
acquisition
opportunities
Completed
£10.0 million
share buyback
programme
launched in
September 2023

New HORECA
site development
in Crawley

2023 Annual Report & Accounts 01. Strategic Report

Acquisitions of
Celtic Linen in
the Republic
of Ireland and
Regency in
Corsham

Operating margin
of each individual
Division can
return towards
the historic levels
achieved in 2019

The Board
remains confident
about the growth

opportunities
available to the
Group

Strong balance
sheet and capacity
for further
investment

Continued capital
investment across
the estate to increase
efficiencies and
underpin capacity

“We are pleased to report a
strong performance for the year,
demonstrating the resilience

of our business model against

a backdrop of macroeconomic
pressures, the strength of our
relationships with our customers
and business suppliers and the
hard work of our employees.”

FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS
2023

2023 Annual Report & Accounts 01. Strategic Report

GROUP OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

There is continuing positive
momentum moving into 2024

“We remain focused on organic growth initiatives, optimising operational efficiencies and continuing
to expand our geographical coverage through the successful execution of our strong M&A pipeline.”

Notes

1. All igutes ove from Continuing Operations,

2, “Adjusted EBITDA "is colculoted 08 Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) plus the depreciation charge for property. plont ond equipment, right of use, textile rental items plus softwore

3. “Adjusted Operating Prof/(Lossy refers to operating proft/(loss) before amortisation of intangible assets (excluding softwore emortisotion), goodwill mpoirment and
exceptional items,

4. “Adjusted Proft/(Loss) Before Toxotion” refers to Adjusted Operoting Profit(Loss) less nonce costs.

5. “Adjusted Diluted Eornings/(Loss) per Shore" refers to diluted earnings per shore cotculoted based on adjusted proft/(loss) after toxotion ond, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, excludes the

benefit of the copital allowances super deduction which offers 130% fist yeor relief on qualifying spend.

10

Chair's
Statement

“the Group has
achieved an excellent
result for the financial
year..."

Dear Shareholder

1am delighted to report that the Group has achieved an
excellent result for the financial year ended 31 December 2023,
positioning the Group well for further sustained growth in the
longer term. This success underscores the strength and resilience
of our business model, operational expertise, the strength of
relationships with our customers and suppliers and, crucially,

the dedication and commitment of all of our employees, led

so energetically by Peter Egan, our CEO, and his executive
leadership team. | wish to express my sincere thanks, on behalf of
the Board, to all of our employees for everything thot they have
done and continue to do for the Group. | also wish to recognise
and thonk all of our stakeholders for their continued support. As
we move into 2024, the Board remains focused on executing the
Group's strategy and capitalising on growth opportunities in our
markets.

Financial Results

Total revenve for the year increased by 20.6% to £465.3 mil
(2022: £385.7 million). This increase delivered an adjusted
profit before taxation of £44.5 million (2022: £38.2 million). This
performance reflects sustained endeavour across the Group
shaped by the strong and energetic leadership of Peter and
Yvonne, your Executive Directors, and their management team.
Volatility and uncertainty have been a continuing context for our
businesses; notwithstanding this, the businesses have sought to
satisfy our customers and employees in line with our purpose.
Further detoils of our operational and financial performance can
be found on pages 18 to 27.

ion

Dividends

As determined by our progressive dividend policy, an interim
dividend of 0.9 pence per share was paid on 3 November 2023.
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of 1.9 pence
per shore, which reflects the Board's confidence in the prospects
of the business. Together with the interim dividend this takes the
total dividend for the year to 28 pence per share.

Acquisitions

As previously reported, we completed the acquisition of Regency
Laundry Limited (“Regency”) on 13 February 2023 and Celtic Linen
(comprising Harkglade Limited and its subsidiaries Celtic Linen
Limited and Millbrook Linen Limited, (together "Celtic Linen") on
31 August 2023. The total consideration for these acquisitions wos
‘approximately £33.0 million, reflecting our continuing strategy to
grow by acquisition, olongside our organic development, where
the price is reasonable.

Regency has provided an increased presence in the luxury/
bespoke segment of HORECA in the UK, Celtic Linen, in the
Republic of Ireland, represents a step outside of the UK
Additionally, over 50 per cent of Celtic Linen’s revenue is in

the Irish Healthcare sector (and is the largest linen supplier in
the sector), with the balance in HORECA. Both are important
strategically and will provide further opportunities for
investment and development. We are delighted to welcome all
of our new management teams and colleagues and are already
seeing ideas and best practice being shared to and from the
wider JSG family.

We anticipote that there will be further opportunities for us to
invest to strengthen our market positions. Our pipeline remains
healthy os we continue to invest in building relationships with
independent players. We are also seen as a good “parent” that
supports the further development of these businesses

A Strong Capital Base

The Group maintains @ strong balance sheet and is well
positioned to continue to invest in the business to support our
long-term growth prospects. The Group's objective is to employ

2023 Annual Report & Accounts 01. Strategic Report

@ disciplined approach to investment, returns and capital
efficiency to deliver sustainable compounding growth whilst
also maintaining a strong balance sheet. In September 2023,
following the ending, on 4 May 2023, of the Group's first share
buyback programme of the Company's ordinary shares for up to
a moximum aggregate consideration of £275 million (excluding
expenses), launched in September 2022, the Group launched
another share buyback programme of the Company's ordinary
shares for up to. a maximum aggregate consideration of £10.0
million (excluding expenses) which completed on 27 November
2023.

Our copital allocation policy remains unchanged and considers
maintaining o strong balance sheet, ongoing capital investment
in our estate, accretive acquisitions, a progressive dividend
policy and distributing any surplus cash to Shareholders. Further
details of our capital allocation policy are provided on page 27
and further details of the share buyback programmes can be
found on page 56.

Governance and the Board

Companies today ore judged, rightly, by their integrity and
trustworthiness as well as their financial performance. One of
my key responsibilities as Chair is to ensure good governance

for the Group. | am extremely well supported in this regard by alll
the members of the Board, and our General Counsel & Company
Secretary, who bring @ wealth of skills and experience that
complements the talents of our Group management teams.

in August, the Board welcomed the appointment of Kirsty

Homer as an additional Independent Non-Executive Director.
Kirsty has assimilated her role quickly and is already bringing

her experience to bear. | would like to thank all of my Board
colleagues for their support and valuable contributions as we
continue to undertake oversight of the strategic, operational and
compliance risks and opportunities across the Group, define our
path to success and uphold the high standards expected of us.

The Board conducted a Board evaluation within the Company
in the final quorter of 2023. Further details of the evaluation ore
set out within the Corporate Governance Report on page 74.
The 2023 evaluation concluded that the performance of the
Board and its Committees continued to be effective in dealing
with both day-to-day and ongoing strategic issues and that the
Board and Committee structure ensured thot the governance
requirements of the business were met. Overall, the feedback
from Board members was positive, indicating o desire to
continue the Board's focus in 2024, primarily, on: strategic
development and succession planning; whilst effectively
exploiting the growth opportunities that are available to

the Group; delivering on the Group's sustainability aims; and
continuing to develop and encourage our people.

The CEO and CFO meet regularly with institutional investors
to discuss strategic matters and to make presentations on the
Group's results. As previously, | also met with a number of our
major Shoreholders in order to understand more fully their views

and to provide them with an opportunity to raise any questions
they had outside of the normal Investor Relations process. The
feedback | received from major Shareholders was consistent
with that given to the CEO and CFO. My intention is to once again
extend this invitation to our major Shareholders during 2024.

Sustainability

Our belief that embedding a best-in-class sustainability
programme throughout our operations will help position

us 08 a leader in responding to the challenges faced by the
textile services industry and prove to be a differentiator for our
customers remains unchanged. Following the launch of ‘The
Johnsons Woy’, our group-wide approach to sustainability, we
continue to make excellent progress, refining and executing

our strategy around the four ‘Pillars’ of ‘Our Family’Our World,
‘Our Integrity’ and ‘Our Communities’ and publishing our second
Sustainability Report. Further details are set out in the report
on Sustainability on pages 28 to 44.1 have been particularly
impressed by the continued progress we have made in relation
to our carbon emissions and water intensity reduction targets os
well as the strong engagement of our employees, who delivered
over 1,600 volunteering hours during the year.

Summary and Outlook

We remain excited about our growth opportunities, both
organically and through acquisitions, the potential for further
revenue and profit growth, improvements in operational
efficiencies and returns to shareholders over time. While mindful
of macro-economic and geopolitical factors, we are confident
that our strategy, scale, focus on operational excellence and the
continued commitment of and investment in our people, meons
that we are well placed to capitalise on future opportunities
‘and the encouraging start to the year. Accordingly, we expect
adjusted operating profit for the current financial year to be in
line with current market expectations.

Jock Lennox
Non-Executive Chair
4 March 2024

1