, ll
* «+ Johnson Service Group PLC

Registered No: 00523335

- ANNUAL REPORT

& ACCOUNTS 2022

<
a
7)
: rr
= *AC1QUOCA*
A14 18/04/2023 #96
COMPANIES HOUSE

2022

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

02

STRATEGIC
REPORT

6

10
12
16
18
24
28
47

Group Overview and Highlights
Chair's Statement

Strategic Review

Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Sustainability

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

CONTENTS
2

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

56
57
60

61
76
83
85

Directors and Officers
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in
Respect of the Financial Statements

Corporate Governance Report
Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report

4

COMPANY FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

176

177
178
179

180

Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant
Accounting Policies

Notes to the Company
Financial Statements

3

GROUP FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

n2
121
122

123

124
125
126
139

Independent Auditors’ Report
Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

S

SHAREHOLDER
INFORMATION

189
190
200

Financial Calendar
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Directors and Advisors

03

SLN3LNOD SLNNODIV 3 LYOdIY TWANNV 2207

04

“We remain excited about the significant
organic and acquisitive growth opportunities,
the potential for further revenue and profit
growth, improvements in productivity and
returns to shareholders over time. Accordingly,
we expect the results for the current financial
year to be in line with market expectations”.

6 Group Overview and Highlights

10 Chair's Statement

12 Strategic Review

16 Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
18 Chief Executive's Operating Review
24 ~~ ‘Financial Review

28 Sustainability

47 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

0s

STRATEGIC
REPORT

1

2022 ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 1. STRATEGIC REPORT

06

GROUP OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

The actions we have
taken have placed
the Group ina
favourable position

Strong balance
sheet and
capacity
for further
investment

Continuing
to focus on
delivering
outstanding
customer
service

Reinstatement
of dividend

Our employees
are the
foundation of
our business

Publication of

our inaugural

Sustainability
Report

Launch of
share buyback
programme of up
to £27.5 million in

September 2022
We continued to
react to the ever-
changing market Continued
eae capital
conditions investment
across the estate
to increase
efficiencies

and underpin

capacity

“The improved performance
we are reporting today
demonstrates the resilience
of JSG's business model,
operational expertise and
strength of our relationships
with our customers

and business suppliers,
alongside the hard work of
our employees.”

The Board remains
confident about
the growth
opportunities
available to the
Anticipate our Group

EBITDA margin
will continue to
improve over
the medium
term

07

180d3Y DIDFLVYIS “bE SINNODDV 3 LYOd3Y IWANNY 2Z0z

FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS
2022

09

GROUP OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

There is positive momentum

moving into 2023

Through the improving cash flow, we have been able to support our capital investment plans and
Ncrease in rental inventory, embark upon a share buyback programme and, in February 2023,

complete another acquisition.”

LNOdIe DIDILVALS “b SLNNODIV 9 LYOd3Y TWNANNY 2z0z

Notes

1
2

All Bguces ore from Continuing Operetions,

“Adjusted EBITDA Margin” is colculoted as Adjusted Operoting Profit / (Loss) plus the depreciotion charge for property, plont and equipment, textile rental items plus software amortisation
‘0nd, for 2019 and thereafter (as a result of the adoption of IFRS 16, Leoses), the depreciation charge for right of use assets, the aggregate of which is divided by Revenue in each relevant year.

“Adjusted Operating Proft /(Loss)” refers to operating promt / (lass) hefore amortisation of intangible assers (excluciing software amortisation), goodwill impairment and exceptional itéms,
“Adjusted Proft/ (Loss) Delore'Taxation” refers to Adjusted Operating Prof / (Loss) less Bronce costs,

“Adjusted Diluted Earnings / (Loss) per Shore” refers (o diluted earnings per shore colcuioted bosed on adjusted profit / (loss) alter Lexation and, in 2021 and 2022, excludes the benelit of the
copital allowances super deduction which offers 130% frst yeut n quultying spend.

10

-Chair's
' Statement

Dear Shareholder

11am proud to report that the Group has delivered a strong
performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and,

a8 a result, is well placed for continued growth in the longer term.

The improved performance we are reporting demonstrates the
resilience of the Group's business model, operational expertise
and strength of our relationships with our customers and
business suppliers, alongside the hard work and dedication

of our employees. | would like to express my sincere thanks, on
beholf of the Board, to all of our employees for everything that
they have done and continue to do for the Group. | also wish to
recognise and thank all of our stakeholders for their continued
support.

Despite the strong performance in 2022, we recognise that
challenging and uncertain macro-economic and geopolitical
conditions persist. Accordingly, we remain focused on continuing
to proactively manage the business to adapt to changing
conditions and on capitalising on growth opportunities in our
markets.

Financial Results

As explained in the Chief Executive's Operating review on page
18, total revenue for the year to 31 December 2022 increased

by 42.1% to £385.7 million (2021: £271.4 million). This increase
delivered profit before toxation of £38.2 million (adjusted
operating profit of £41.2 million) (2021: £9.4 million). This return
to.a more ‘normal’ performance is due, in no small measure, to
the energetic leadership displayed by your Executive Directors
and their management teom over the very difficult period since
March 2020. Further details of our operational and financial
performance can be found on pages 18 to 27.

Dividends

Reflecting a return to our progressive dividend policy, an interim
dividend of 0.8 pence per share wos paid on 4 November 2022
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of 1.6 pence
per share, which reflects the Board's confidence in the prospects
of the business. Together with the interim dividend this takes the

“lam proud to report that the
Group has delivered a strong
performance for the financial
year ended 31 December 2022
and, as a result, is well placed
for continued growth in the
longer term".

total dividend for the year to 2.4 pence per share. The proposed
final dividend, if approved by Shareholders, will be paid on 12
May 2023 to Shareholders on the register at close of business on
14 April 2023. The ex-dividend date is 13 April 2023.

Acquisition of Regency Laundry Limited

The acquisition of Regency Laundry Limited ("Regency’) on 13
February 2023, for a cash consideration of £5.75 million on o debt
free, cosh free bosis and subject to an adjustment for normalised
working capital, provides the Group with a significantly increased
presence in the luxury/bespoke sector of the HORECA market. We
plan to expand capacity on site and continue to grow Regency’s
presence in this sector of the market.

We anticipate that there may be further opportunities for us to
invest to strengthen our position in the market and enhance our
competitive advantage.

A Strong Capital Base

The Group maintains a strong balance sheet and is well
positioned to continue to invest in the business to support our
long-term growth prospects. The Group's objective is to employ
disciplined approach to investment, returns and capital
efficiency to deliver sustainable compounding growth whilst
also maintaining o strong balance sheet. In September, the
Group launched o share buyback programme of the Company's
ordinary shares for up to a maximum aggregate consideration
of £27.5 million (excluding expenses) and which is intended to
end no later than the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting.
Further detoils of our capital allocation policy are provided on
page 26 and further details of the share buyback programme
can be found on page 57. We plan to continue with this
programme for the time being

Governance and the Board

Companies today are judged by their integrity and
trustworthiness os well as by their financial performance. One
of my key responsibilities as Chair is to ensure good governance
for the Group. | am extremely well supported in this regard by
all the members of the Board who bring a wealth of skills ond

experience that complements the talents of our management
teams across the Group. In June, the Board welcomed the
appointment of Nicola Keach as an additional independent
Non-Executive Director. | would like to thank all of my Board
colleagues for their support and valuable contributions as we
continue to maintain oversight of the strategic, operational and
compliance risks across the Group, define our path to success
and uphold the high standards expected of us.

Following the formal, independent, external evaluation of
the Board and its Committees conducted in the final quarter

of 2021 (the results of which were subsequently reported in

the Company's annual report for the financial year ended

31 December 2021) the Board conducted an internal Board
evaluation in the final quarter of 2022. Further details of the
evaluation are set out within the Corporate Governance Report
on page 72. Amongst other things, this anonymous evaluation
sought Director views on the progress that the Board had
made with reference to the implementation of follow up actions
identified as part of the 2021 review.

The 2022 evaluation concluded that good progress has been
made in relation to the implementation of the agreed action
plan, the review also concluded that the performance of

the Board and its Committees continued to be effective in
dealing with both day-to-day and ongoing strategic issues
and that the Board and Committee structure ensured that the
governance requirements of the business were met. Overall,
the feedback from Board members was positive, indicating

a desire to continue the Board's focus in 2023, primarily, on:

strategy development and succession planning; whilst effectively

exploiting the growth opportunities that are available to
the Group; delivering on the Group's sustainability aims; and
continuing to develop and encourage our people.

The CEO and CFO meet regularly with institutional investors

to discuss strategic matters and to make presentations on

the Group's results. | also met with a number of our major
‘Shareholders in order to more fully understand their views and
to provide them with an opportunity to raise any questions

they had outside of the normal Investor Relations process. The
feedback | received from major Shareholders was consistent
with that given to the CEO and CFO. My intention is to once again
extend this invitation to our major Shareholders during 2023

Sustainability
Our belief that embedding a best-in-class sustainability
programme throughout our operations will help position

Us as a leader in responding to the challenges faced bythe —-

textile services industry and prove to be a differentiator for our
customers remains unchanged. Following the launch of ‘The
Johnsons Way’, our group-wide approach to sustainability, we

- continue to.make excellent progress, refining and executing our
strategy around the four ‘Pillars’ of ‘Our Family, ‘Our World’, Our
Integrity’ and ‘Our Communities’ and publishing our inaugural
Sustainability Report. Further details are set out in the report on
Sustainability on pages 28 to 46.

Summary and Outlook

We remain excited about the significant organic and acquisitive
growth opportunities, the potential for further revenue and
profit growth, improvements in productivity and returns to
shareholders over time, Although we remain mindful of the
macro-economic and geopolitical climate, we are confident
that the actions we have taken together with our existing scale,
strategy and focus on operational excellence, means that we are
well placed to capitalise on opportunities as markets continue
to recover. Accordingly, we expect the results for the current
financial year to be in line with market expectotions.

Jock Lennox
Non-Executive Choir

6 March 2023

"1