BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC announces the appointment of Lysanne Gray as an Independent Non-Executive Director, effective June 1, 2026, bringing extensive financial and operational experience from roles at Unilever plc and as current Audit Committee Chair for Genus plc. Ms. Gray will also succeed Chris Girling as Chair of the Audit Committee following the interim results announcement for the six-month period ending June 30, 2026. Concurrently, Nicola Keach will become the Senior Independent Director on June 1, 2026, taking over from Mr. Girling, who will retire from the Board on December 31, 2026, after over eight years of service. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 03 March 2026 3 March 2026 LSE: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC (the "Company" or "the Group" or "JSG") Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director Change of Audit Committee Chair and Senior Independent Director Pursuant to UK Listing Rules 6.4.6R (1) and 6.4.6R (4), the Company announces that Lysanne Gray will join the JSG Board as an Independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 June 2026. Lysanne, a qualified Chartered Accountant, brings significant experience of business operations, acquisitions and disposals, risk management, audit and corporate governance. Her career includes previous global leadership roles at Unilever plc, including Executive Vice President Sustainable Business Performance and Reporting, Financial Controller, Chief Auditor of Unilever; Chief Financial Officer of Unilever's global food service business; and a number of other senior operational and financial positions. Lysanne is currently the Audit Committee Chair for Genus plc (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company. On appointment, Lysanne will join the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees and, as part of the Board's planned succession arrangements, will succeed Chris Girling as Chair of the Audit Committee following the announcement of the Company's interim results for the six-month period ending 30 June 2026. As part of the same planned succession process, Nicola Keach will succeed Chris Girling as Senior Independent Director with effect from 1 June 2026. Nicola was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 June 2022 and has been a member of the Company's Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees since her appointment. Chris will continue to serve as an Independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Company's Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees until he steps down and retires from the Board on 31 December 2026, when he will have served more than 8 years as an Independent Non-Executive Director of JSG. The Board expresses its sincere thanks to Chris for his significant contribution during his time as an Independent Non-Executive Director. He has provided strong leadership of the Audit Committee and has been a highly valued and trusted adviser to the Chair, the Board and the executive management team. His commitment and support to the Group have been greatly appreciated. Jock Lennox, Non-Executive Chair, said: "We are delighted that Lysanne is joining the Board. Her breadth of experience, together with her business operations and financial expertise in a listed company environment, will be of great benefit to JSG. I would also like to thank Chris Girling for his significant contribution and support as Audit Committee Chair and Senior Independent Director, and I look forward to continuing to work with Nicola as she succeeds Chris as Senior Independent Director." Lysanne Gray commented: "I am pleased to be joining Johnson Service Group PLC as an Independent Non-Executive Director and succeeding Chris Girling as Chair of the Audit Committee. JSG has built a strong reputation for operational excellence, long-term customer partnerships and impressive sustainability credentials. I am looking forward to working closely with the Board and management team to support the Group's continued growth." Disclosure pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R Lysanne Gray has, since 1 April 2016, served as a Non-Executive Director of Genus plc (LSE: GNS). There is no further information to be disclosed in respect of Lysanne Gray under UK Listing Rules 6.4.8R (1) to (6), inclusive. ENQUIRIES Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Bank plc Camarco (Financial PR) David Flin Ginny Pulbrook Virginia Bull Letaba Rimell Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Tel: 020 3757 4992/4981 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and