BETA Close X Halfords Group PLC announced that its registered share capital consists of 218,928,736 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1p each as of the date of the announcement. All ordinary shares have equal voting rights, and the company holds no shares in treasury. This figure is provided for shareholders to calculate their notification requirements regarding their interest in the company under the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The disclosure complies with DTR 5.6.1. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Total Voting Rights 29-Aug-2025 / 15:30 GMT/BST Halfords Group plc Total Voting Rights As at the date of this announcement, the registered share capital of Halfords Group plc (the “Company”) consists of 218,928,736 ordinary shares of 1p each. All of the ordinary shares have equal voting rights and there are no shares held in Treasury. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. This disclosure is given in accordance with DTR 5.6.1 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Tim O’Gorman Company Secretary 07484 036372 Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: TVR TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 OAM Categories: 2.5. Total number of voting rights and capital Sequence No.: 400202 EQS News ID: 2190354 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 hours ago Ajax Resources 15 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 16 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 17 hours ago Caledonia Investments 20 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and