BETA Close X Halfords Group plc has announced a trading update indicating strong performance, leading to an upgrade in its full-year FY27 underlying profit before tax forecast to between £55 million and £65 million, exceeding the current consensus of £52.6 million. This positive outlook is attributed to ongoing momentum in the core business, strategic priority execution, and a particularly strong performance in seasonal categories, partly due to favourable weather conditions which are estimated to have contributed mid-single digit millions in incremental profit. Consequently, the Group anticipates a greater weighting of FY27 performance towards the first half of the year as it plans to accelerate investment in technology and marketing during the second half. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Trading update 27-Aug-2026 / 07:00 GMT/BST THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 WHICH FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC UK LAW PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("UK MAR"). UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INSIDE INFORMATION WILL BE CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. 27 August 2026 Halfords Group plc Strong trading results in upgrade to FY27 forecasts Halfords Group plc (“Halfords” or “the Group”), the UK’s leading provider of motoring and cycling products and services, is today releasing a trading update based on strong performance in the year to date. We now expect FY27 underlying profit before tax to be between £55m and £65m, ahead of current consensus of £52.6m (with a range of £48.9m to £55.1m). Building on the strong current trading noted in our FY26 results announcement, Halfords has continued to outperform over recent months. This reflects momentum in the underlying business as we continue to deliver against our strategic priorities alongside a very strong performance in seasonal categories, in part reflecting unusually warm summer weather. We estimate that this heightened seasonal demand has resulted in incremental profit in the mid-single digit millions of pounds. Reflecting the factors set out above, we now expect FY27 performance to be further weighted towards the first half of the year as we accelerate investment in technology and marketing in the second half. Halfords’ Annual General Meeting will be held on 10 th September 2026. Our trading update for the 26 weeks ending 2 nd October 2026 (“HY27”) is scheduled for 21 st October 2026. The person responsible for releasing this announcement is Tim O’Gorman, Company Secretary. For further information Investors: Holly Cassell, Director of Investor Relations & Corporate Affairs investor.relations@halfords.co.uk Media: Jonathan Sibun / Will Palfreyman, Teneo halfords@teneo.com Notes to Editors www.halfords .com www.avayler .com www.tredz.co.uk www.halfordscompany.com Halfords is the UK’s leading provider of motoring and cycling services and products. We operate via 370 Halfords stores, two Performance Cycling stores (trading as Tredz), 496 consumer garages and a network of 92 commercial fleet locations nationwide. Customers also have access to c.250 mobile service vans (trading as Halfords Mobile Expert and National) and c.550 commercial vans. Customers can shop at halfords.com and tredz.co.uk for pick up at their local store or direct home delivery, as well as booking garage services online at halfords.com. Through its subsidiary Avayler, Halfords also sells the Group’s bespoke, internally developed SaaS solution to clients in the USA and Australia. Cautionary statement This report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, and businesses of Halfords Group plc. These statements and forecasts involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as at the date of this announcement. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. Except as required by law, Halfords Group plc has no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to correct any inaccuracies therein. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement that contains inside information in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: TST TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 441137 EQS News ID: 2389294 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Ajax Resources 4 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 5 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 6 hours ago Caledonia Investments 9 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and