BETA Close X Halfords Group plc announced that Jock Lennox will join the Board as Non-Executive Director on September 1st, 2026, and will assume the role of Chair following the Annual General Meeting on September 10th, 2026, succeeding Keith Williams. Lennox brings extensive experience as a chair and Non-Executive Director across various listed and private companies, with a strong background in strategic transformation, capital markets, corporate governance, and stakeholder engagement. His previous roles include Non-Executive Chair of Johnson Service Group PLC and Chair of Clarion Housing Group, among others. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Directorate change 25-Jun-2026 / 08:00 GMT/BST Directorate Change Appointment of Jock Lennox as Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate Halfords Group plc (the "Company") announces the following directorate changes. Keith Williams, will, as previously communicated, step down from the Board in accordance with good governance practice at the AGM on Thursday 10 th September 2026. Jock Lennox, who will join the Board on 1 st September 2026 and take up the position of Chair post the AGM on 10 th September 2026, is an experienced chair and Non-Executive Director with many years of leadership experience across publicly listed and private companies. He has a strong track record in strategic transformation, capital markets, corporate governance and stakeholder engagement. Jock is the Non-Executive Chair of Johnson Service Group PLC and is the Chair of Clarion Housing Group, the UK’s largest not-for-profit housing association. Jock was formerly the Senior Independent Director and Audit Committee Chair of Barratt Redrow PLC; Chair of Enquest PLC; and Hill & Smith Holdings PLC, having also previously served on the Boards of Dixon Carphone Warehouse PLC, Oxford Instruments PLC and A&J Mucklow Group PLC. Jock therefore, brings extensive experience across a range of sectors and spent 30 years with Ernst and Young LLP holding a number of leadership positions both in the UK and globally. There are no further disclosures required for the purposes of UKLR 6.4.6R and UKLR 6.4.8R. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: BOA TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 433282 EQS News ID: 2353380 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and