BETA Close X JPMorgan Chase & Co. has notified Halfords Group PLC of a change in its major holding, specifically an acquisition or disposal of voting rights. The notification date was August 24, 2026, with the threshold crossing occurring on August 20, 2026. Previously, JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 3.781007% of voting rights attached to shares and 1.228211% through financial instruments, totaling 5.009218%. The current notification indicates a position below the minimum threshold for both voting rights and financial instruments. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Holding in Company 27-Aug-2026 / 18:34 GMT/BST TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS 1a. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached ii : GB00B012TP20 1b. Please indicate if the issuer is a non-UK issuer (please mark with an “X” if appropriate) Non-UK issuer 2. Reason for the notification (please mark the appropriate box or boxes with an “X”) An acquisition or disposal of voting rights X An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments An event changing the breakdown of voting rights Other (please specify) iii : 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation iv Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. City and country of registered office (if applicable) US 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) v Name J.P. Morgan Securities PLC City and country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached vi : 20-Aug-2026 6. Date on which issuer notified (DD/MM/YYYY): 24-Aug-2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8. A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer (8.A + 8.B) vii Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached Below Minimum Threshold Below Minimum Threshold Below Minimum Threshold Below Minimum Threshold Position of previous notification (if applicable) 3.781007 1.228211 5.009218 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached viii A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of voting rights ix % of voting rights Direct (DTR5.1) Indirect (DTR5.2.1) Direct (DTR5.1) Indirect (DTR5.2.1) GB00B012TP20 Below Minimum Threshold B elow Minimum Threshold SUBTOTAL 8. A Below Minimum Threshold Below Minimum Threshold B 1: Financial Instruments according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (a) Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted. % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8. B 1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (b) Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Physical or cash Settlement xii Number of voting rights % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8.B.2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please mark the applicable box with an “X”) Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer xiii Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity (please add additional rows as necessary) xiv X Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold JPMorgan Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan Securities PLC 10. In case of proxy voting, please identify: Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional information xvi Chain of controlled undertaking: JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (100%) J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited (100%) J.P. Morgan Capital Holdings Limited (100%) J.P. Morgan Securities PLC (100%) Place of completion 24-Aug-2026 Date of completion London Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: HOL TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 441271 EQS News ID: 2390010 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 hours ago Ajax Resources 15 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 16 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 17 hours ago Caledonia Investments 20 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and