BETA Close X Paul O'Hara, Chief People and Property Officer at Halfords Group PLC, has exercised awards under the 2022 and 2023 Performance Share Plans, acquiring 27,280 ordinary 1p shares at a price of £2.365 per share on July 15, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. This transaction represents an initial notification and involves the exercise of share awards, which could be viewed positively by the market as it indicates insider confidence in the company's future performance. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Director/PDMR Shareholding 20-Jul-2026 / 15:10 GMT/BST The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Paul O’Hara b) Position / status PDMR (Chief People and Property Officer) c) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 2. Details of the issuer Name Halfords Group plc 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary 1p shares ISIN: GB00B012TP20 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of awards under the 2022 Performance Share Plan and the 2023 Performance Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.365 27,280 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price n/a single transaction n/a single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-07-15 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: DSH TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 436667 EQS News ID: 2367844 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and