BETA Close X Halfords Group plc will release its interim results for the 26 weeks ended 26 September 2025 on Thursday, 27 November 2025, with a pre-recorded video presentation available online at 07:05 GMT. Management will also host an in-person strategy update for analysts and investors on the same day, followed by a live retail investor strategy update at 13:00 GMT on the Engage Investor platform. Investors are encouraged to pre-submit questions for all presentations. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Notice of Interim Results and Strategy Update 14-Nov-2025 / 07:00 GMT/BST 14 November 2025 Halfords Group plc Notice of Interim Results and Strategy Update Halfords Group plc, (“Halfords” or the “Group”), the UK’s leading provider of Motoring and Cycling services and products, announces that it will be issuing its Interim results for the 26 weeks ended 26 September 2025 (“HY26”) on Thursday 27 November 2025 . The results presentation will be a pre-recorded video and will be available online at 07:05 (GMT): Results and Presentations - Halfords Group plc. Management will also be hosting an in-person Strategy Update for analysts and investors on the day. In addition, management will present a live Retail Investor Strategy Update on the Engage Investor platform on the same day at 13:00 . Halfords welcomes all current shareholders and prospective investors to join and encourages them to pre-submit questions. Investors can also submit questions at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Engage Investor at no cost and follow Halfords Group Plc from their personalised investor hub. Register interest in this event here : https://engageinvestor.news/HFD_SU25 Enquiries Investors & Analysts (Halfords) Holly Cassell, Director of Corporate Affairs & IR investor.relations@halfords.co.uk Media (Sodali & Co) +44 (0) 20 7250 1446 Rob Greening halfords@sodali.com Elizabeth Kittle Notes to Editors Halfords is the UK’s leading provider of motoring and cycling services and products. We operate via 370 Halfords stores, two Performance Cycling stores (trading as Tredz), 498 consumer garages and a network of 92 commercial fleet locations nationwide. Customers also have access to c.250 mobile service vans (trading as Halfords Mobile Expert and National) and c.500 commercial vans. Customers can shop at halfords.com and tredz.co.uk for pick up at their local store or direct home delivery, as well as booking garage services online at halfords.com. Through its subsidiary Avayler, Halfords also sells the Group’s bespoke, internally developed software as a SaaS solution to major clients worldwide. www.halfords.com www.avayler.com www.tredz.co.uk www.halfordscompany.com Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: NOR TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 408197 EQS News ID: 2229664 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and