BETA Close X Halfords Group Plc announced that its management team will host a live interactive presentation on the Engage Investor platform on June 25th at 12:00 BST, inviting current shareholders and interested investors to attend and submit questions in advance or during the event. This event provides an opportunity for investors to engage directly with the company's leadership and gain insights into its operations. Disclaimer* Halfords Group PLC (HFD) Halfords Group PLC: Engage Retail Investor event - 25th June 12.00 BST 19-Jun-2026 / 14:48 GMT/BST Halfords Group Plc is pleased to announce that their management team will host a live interactive presentation on the Engage Investor platform, on the 25th June at 12:00 BST. Halfords Group Plc welcomes all current shareholders and interested investors to join and encourages investors to pre-submit questions. Investors can also submit questions at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Engage Investor at no cost and follow Halfords Group Plc from their personalised investor hub. Register interest in this event here: https://engageinvestor.news/HFD_IP26 Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: GB00B012TP20 Category Code: NOR TIDM: HFD LEI Code: 54930086FKBWWJIOBI79 Sequence No.: 432613 EQS News ID: 2350270 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Halfords Group (HFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and