3SNOH SaINVdWOO ]
| sou €20Z/60/60 zw

WN

|
\ a —

AVGUNLVS

“saquacoiny se 0} page, S| juaWBes siy ‘aeymas}y ‘Yodey

Jenuuy Jno jo syed jeloueuy ayy UIYyyIM pasn ele YoIYM SUONIUYEp Oy) ase sey! ‘sUeA pue SeBeseb Woy peuoyed sedes pue Buloues:
Jeo asudwos juawBbes Bunsodas Burdmiag se ay) Jo SuUOesado ay] “aUljUO pUe SaJO}s 12391 YBNosUY Sadi/uas pue sjoNposd BuljoAo

pue aunsia| ‘aajowoyne jo Buijejas ay) asiudwod yuawbeas Bumodai j1ejay ay) yO SuoIjesado ay4 ‘saiBayesjs Bunayew pue jesi6ojouyd9}
‘yeuonesado yuasayip asinbas Aayy asnedag Ajayesedes pabeuew aie pue ‘sedias pue syonpoid jUssayyIp JayO s}iuN ssouIsnq

oiBayeNs ayy “s}UN ssaulsng o16a}e,3s s,dno9 ayy ase YoIyM ‘Buldisag 1B pue j!ejay ‘sjuaWBas ajqeyoda: omy sey dnosg yl

“S1ep|OYye}s [Je YIM JORJB}U! am MOY SE}eAISUOWEp OS|e }! ‘SI@P|OYaseYs JNO 40j UONeJAUEB aNjeA UO SaSNd0} YOdes SIUp ISIIYAA “WA}
Guo] pue ‘wnipaw ‘yoys ay) u! ajqeureysns si eGeyueape eanneduwos Jno Moy MoYs O} WIe OM ‘|apow BuNOdas payes6eyu! ue Bumo}iO}
Ag ‘ssapjoyaye}s |12 40} anjea aye18uah am Moy Jo Ma!AUAAO asioUOD eB aplAgid 0} paubisap st pue Yoder payesBaju! YUIU JNO s! SIU,

poday payes6a3u) 1nG

Wwoo"'Auedwosspsoj|2y"MMM:3}ISGaM 3}2J0dJ09 JNO UO UONEUaSaJd JO}SAAU! }S9}e] 94] 89S

Aeq syoysew [e3dep

woo-Auedwoospsosjey MMM :3}1SGam 3}2s0d109 JNO UO spoy|eY JNoge aow Wee] pue SMau }Sa}e] JNO YM dn Yyo}eD
aysqean ayes0di0Z

woo'¢zozHOdesjenuue'spsoyey :Ao}0g UOReJOUNWAY [ITY BY) O} Yul] e Bu!PN}oU! ‘aul|UO Woday jenuUy sno peay
poday jenuuy auljuD

“SJAP|OYAYE}S 4NO |J€ JJ JOAI}ap 0} PauON!sod {jam ave om ‘auNyino Buds

pue senBealjoo pay!ys AjyBiy sno yim pue yy6u si uonoasip d16a}e4}s Jno yey) UaAOId aAeY AA ‘PUEJG SPsOJ|eE}H BY} JopUN spaau BuljoAo
pue Buyojow s19y) [2 Jo} Seo}AJas pue syonposd syaWO}sNd Jayo UeD am SUBaW YOeOIdde UAAUP-e}ep pue UOHISOd yeyeW anbuN INE

“suunjad je!oueuy ajqeuleysns asow pue seyBiy Buyesoueb
‘spsemo} Aausno! e uo ‘Buojow uo siseydwia Jayeas6 e yim ‘SSauIsng pasndo} SedI1Mes GZ PU JOWNSUOD e OJU! PSAjOAd aAeY B/\\

““Bureayep ase aM yey} ABazes}s seaja e sey spsosjeH

“sao1sas pue syonpoid HurjoA2 pue Burojow jo sapiaod Bulpea] s, 4A ay} Ss! SpioyjeH

poday jenuuy ¢z0z JNO 0} swos|ayn
€Z0Z YEW LE Papua pousd ay} JO} sjuNODoY pue POday Jenuuy ajd dnosg spioyjey

Group Highlights

Financial

Underlying profit Dividend per Underlying basic Basic earnings
Revenue before tax Profit before tax ordinary share earnings per share per share
+15.3% 42.7% -55.0% +11.1% 49.3% 58.8%
Strategic

+ In April 2023, we held a Capital Markets Day for analysts and institutional investors. Here we outlined the Group's plan to leverage
_the platform that has been built since 2018 and deliver improved revenue, profit and return on capital employed over the mid-term
._and mid-to-long term. — ~

+ In October 2022, we acquired Lodge Tyre, supporting our strategic aim of becoming a motoring services-focused business. The
acquisition has resulted in Halfords becoming the UK’s largest commercial tyre service provider and has given our commercial fleet
services business much greater nationwide coverage.

+ Avayler, our unique industry leading proprietary software business, has continued to develop rapidly, establishing an extemal
international client base. The growth of Avayler supports our strategy to grow our B2B offering, with the opportunity to deliver more
resilient revenue at a high operating margin.

Operational

+ Following the success of our ‘Fusion’ towns in Colchester and Halifax, this year we rolled out the most capital efficient parts of this
programme to 50 towns in our estate. In these towns we have upgraded the retail car park service provision. In addition, we have
also empowered more of our colleagues with the tools to sell full solutions to our customers, every time.

* Since the launch of our Motoring Loyalty Club in March 2022, we have now signed up over 1.7 million members, significantly in
excess of our initial target. This has driven new customers across the Group, as well as encouraging customers to cross shop
across both our retail and garage businesses. +

Sustainability

+ Last year we invested in the Ecovadis platform to support the collection of accurate data from our suppliers. We have made
significant progress this year in engaging with our top suppliers and capturing carbon data, a crucial first step on our joumey to net
zero. We have worked with suppliers and have managed to obtain primary carbon data for 79% of our spend with suppliers, giving
us a much better insight into our Scope 3 emissions. .

* The Bike Xchange programme, launched in late FY22, has seen customers trade-in over 11,000 bikes in exchange for Halfords
vouchers. This scheme. puts Halfords into the rapidly growing second-hand market for bicycles, promotes a circular economy and
helps keep products in use for longer. The success of this scheme during the year has resulted in it being expanded to cover kids’
bikes. In addition, Bike Xchange has shown the value of second-hand markets and this year we have also started selling
refurbished E-bikes online, reducing the entry price point for customers to the E-bike market.

Our Purpose Framework

The successful implementation of our strategy is critical to the delivery of the Group’s purpose and is underpinned by the
values and behaviours that shape our culture and the way that we conduct our business.

Our Purpose
Inspire and Support a Lifetime of motoring and cycling

Our Vision

The super-specialist in motoring and cycling, trusted by the nation
Our Mission ,

Make motoring easier, safer and more enjoyable for everyone
Get people cycling, more frequently

Our Culture
A team inspired and motivated to drive towards delivering our Goals, Mission, Vision and Purpose who live and breathe
our brand values and represent the very best of what we offer as a business to our customers.

Our Values

one halfords wow our ~ be better pride in
family customers every day expertise

Our Culture
Ethical foundation enabling better decisions every day

We are reliant on the culture of our business and the engagement of our colleagues to achieve our ambition. Last year, we introduced
our new values relevant to our strategy across the Group. These new values are the fundamental beliefs that underpin everything we
do and have been incorporated into Group training, review and reward mechanisms.

Li

ing our Values

Following the introduction of the values, all colleagues across the Group attended leader-led workshops. These workshops were
followed by the launch of a series of initiatives designed to both fully embed our values and to recognise and reward our values in
action. A refreshed Group induction programme was launched in April 2022. This was designed to ensure all colleagues have a warm
welcome to Halfords and can immediately see our values living and breathing in the culture across the business.

All new colleagues are introduced to our values as part of their induction, we also now review annual performance against the values,
and colleagues are assessed against the behaviours that underpin each value. We also have a recognition programme, which
recognises our “Colleague of the Quarter”. We received nearly 700 nominations throughout the year, 46 colleagues were recognised as
a “Colleague of the Quarter” and at the end of FY23, three colleagues were awarded “Colleague of the Year’.

The importance of our people

Our colleagues are vital to our success and as such, we do everything we can to ensure their wellbeing — both physical and mental —
remains healthy. Our “One Halfords Family” value is lived through all our colleagues and we all go the extra mile to help those around
us. From financial help through our Wagestream app and ‘Here to Help’ fund to having over 100 fully-trained Mental Health First aiders
across the Group, we offer colleagues a variety of ways to access help, should they need it. We let colleagues have the option to
feedback about how they feel through regular listening groups and anonymously through the annual engagement survey. We also
remain committed to providing best-in-class training to our colleagues to promote career progression. This includes field-based training,
such as electric servicing, all the way to online training courses via our intranet to upskill colleagues who wish to progress their career.

Read more about how the Board monitors culture on pages 106 - 107.

Group at a Glance

We are a market-leading business, with unique and differentiated products and services.

Our unique mix of stores, garages, mobile vans and home delivery means we can offer customers unparalleled convenience in the
motoring and cycling markets.

We know that our customers want us to be there for them, when they need us. That means our stores and garages are open early and
late, we offer a services proposition which is mobile and comes to them wherever they are and we offer convenient product delivery
options to meet their needs. This year we have made strong progress in further enhancing the journey our commercial customers go
on with us with an even more convenient proposition with more garages — giving commercial customers less distance to drive to drop
their vehicles off — and significantly more mobile vans (both customer and commercial). This means that more customers than ever can
access our services without disrupting their busy lifestyles.

Our Market-leading Proposition

Recognising that convenience is important to our customers, our combination of assets means customers can access our wide range
of products and services in a way that suits their needs, be that in a store, garage, at home via a mobile van or online via our integrated
web platform. Our B2B platform means business customers can also take advantage of our unique combination of assets.

B2B

Offering products and services, across both motoring and cycling, to businesses around the UK and ROI, including our market-leading
Cycle2Work scheme.

Stores

393 Halfords Retail and 2 Performance Cycling stores offering a wide range of motoring and cycling products and on demand services.
Garages

643 garages offering MOT, service, maintenance and repair services.

Mobile Vans

264 mobile service vans, 479 Commercial vans and 5 Cycling vans, bringing services direct to customers.
Customer Contact Centre

Offering expert advice, knowledge and help from a centralised, virtual location.

Click and Collect

Enabling customers to pick up products at their local store.

Integrated Web Platform

Bringing together Halfords products and services under one website.

Avayler

Avayler empowers Halfords service technicians to deliver an unrivalled experience. Our platform is so robust we have made it available
to other service businesses.

Over 12,000 colleagues work in our shops, autocentres and mobile expert hubs, at over 1,750 fixed and mobile locations.

Our Business Today

We are a consumer and B2B services-focused business, with a greater emphasis on motoring, generating higher and more sustainable
financial returns.

Group Overview
+ Our ambition is for our customers, both consumer and commercial, to access any service or product they need or want for their
motoring and cycling journey from one provider, whenever they want it.

* Our strong heritage has meant we have a well-established product business and have focused in recent years on growing our
services business to match.

+ Services businesses are inherently more resilient to external factors and now that nearly half of our revenue is service-related,
Halfords is more capable than ever to thrive in a potentially uncertain economic climate. This also means our business has higher
customer retention and a lower risk profile.

+ Alongside this resilience, the evolution into a services-focused business is putting us on a journey towards generating higher and
more sustainable financial returns.
Motoring

Revenue 75%
* Overview: The core of our business, offering customers services and solutions for their motoring journeys. Our ambition is to offer
customers a “one-stop-shop” where they can access everything they need during the ownership of their vehicle.

Cycling

Revenue 25%
* Overview: Market leaders with strong customer affiliation and heritage, highlighting our strong environmental focus by promoting
low-carbon forms of transport.

Services

Revenue 48%
* Overview: Giving Halfords a unique advantage over online rivals and helping us develop long-term relationships with our
customers — our focus is helping to keep our customers (including commercial businesses) moving on their joumeys.

* Motoring: Highly needs-based, with a fragmented market — from MOTs and services to fitting a car bulb in a car park.

* Cycling: From puncture repairs on an E-scooter to bicycle service care plans, we help to increase the longevity of the products we
sell.

Products

Revenue 52%
* Overview: An integral part of our business and what many customers still know us for — we are the super-specialists in motoring
and cycling, giving customers all the motoring and cycling products they want and need.

* Motoring: Offering customers every product they might need for their vehicle from a bulb or wiper blade to a roof box or a tow bar.
* Cycling: High-end performance bikes and accessories in Tredz and mainstream bikes and accessories in Halfords Retail where we

own two of the biggest brands in the UK, Carrera and Apollo, appealing to all cyclists from kids and families to fitness enthusiasts.
Our Journey

Our Progress

+ Our 2018 strategy — to Inspire and Support a Lifetime of motoring and cycling — is still just as relevant today and remains our
focus. We have invested consistently in this strategy and have built a platform which provides the opportunity for further growth.

* We are continuing to make strong progress in enhancing the journey our customers go on with us and have worked hard to offer an
even greater level of convenience, something we know our customers highly value. This year, we continued our growth strategy
adding Lodge Tyre Company (“Lodge Tyre”) to the One Halfords Family. This acquisition, in addition to the acquisitions over the
last few years, means that we have more than doubled the number of centres our consumer and commercial customers can access
the Halfords proposition from. We are now working hard to integrate these acquisitions into the Group.

+ In addition to increasing the number of fixed locations, we have grown our fleet of mobile vans (both consumer and commercial)
bringing our services to customers’ homes or places of work.

+ Customers love what we're doing and are responding well with Net Promoter Scores showing that we are exceeding their
expectations.
Our Expansive Revenue Model

Our transformation has delivered growth in our areas of strategic importance, creating a super-specialist services business with more
resilient, recurring revenue streams.

Achieved consistent inorganic growth through well-positioned acquisitions:
We have a clear vision on how we believe our recent acquisitions will create value.

Grow scale

Increasing our scale is expected to create buying and cost synergies.

National coverage- reduced drive time

Creating more convenience through more locations is expected to increase our share.

Leverage core Autocentres platform

Implementing our operating model and Avayler is expected to transform the performance of garage services.
Expand capabilities

Expanding our capabilities is expected to give us an improved offer and a bigger market to exploit our platform.
Our Attractive Investment Case Over the Short, Mid and Long Term

The platform we have created and will leverage going forwards:

Since the introduction of our corporate strategy in 2018, we have worked hard to establish a business that can maintain the strong
retail heritage Halfords has gained over the last 130 years, whilst developing a business which is relevant today and in the future. From
creating a huge customer database to establishing a trusted B2B proposition, we've always been thinking about how best we can serve

our customers in the short, mid and long term and how we can continue to attract customers into the One Halfords Family. Significant
investment and strategic planning has meant we are now the largest motoring and cycling services business in the UK and has given
us a strong platform on which to build, offering customers even greater convenience, a wider range of services and solutions and even
entry into the Software as a Service market with global clients.

Opportunities Over the Short/Mid Term

A trusted brand

A brand with good awareness, consideration, and significant heritage.

Market leading business with strong fundamentals

Well placed to capitalise on attractive markets rebounding from historic lows.

Data driving growth in revenue

With access to data from almost half of the UK's ageing car parc and a growing Motoring Loyalty Club, data is driving growth in
revenue. Read more on pages 12 - 13.

Resilient services and commercial business

Resilient and recurring revenue streams from services and commercial propositions, driving higher, more sustainable operating
margins. Read more on pages 14 - 15.

Differentiated operating model

Unique combination of stores, garages, vans and expert colleagues offering an unrivalled breadth of offer and channel
mix/convenience. Read more on pages 6 - 7.

Read about our Capital Markets Day at: www.halfordscompany.com

Additional Opportunities Over the Mid/Long Term

The UK’s one-stop-shop for motoring ownership

Giving customers the ability to access all motoring products and services they need from one provider.

Avayler, a growing SaaS business

A growing Software as a Service business attracting compelling Revenue based multiples. Read more on pages 16 - 17.
A unique local motoring and cycling offer

Read more on pages 6 - 7.

The UK’s servicing destination for electric transport

Read more on page 50.

We've built an omnichannel business that connects with customers over their lifetime...

Investment in our data capabilities means we know our customers better than ever and are more able to predict future customer needs.

Overview
Halfords has built a unique data platform which enables us to know more about our customers and their vehicles whilst also helping us
to predict future customer needs.

Across our channels, we capture a significant amount of data, which is collected through our investment in smart technology and our
own “in-house” technology, Avayler.

)
Knowing our customers better enables us to improve our customer proposition.
We have high ambitions for future growth

Driving lifetime value remains in focus for our business in the future. Our successful Motoring Loyalty Club is just one way that will
support us to continue to achieve this.

..Which is being enhanced via sophisticated data collection from our customers and their vehicles.
How we collect our data is diverse and unique.

DATA COLLECTION
Cross channel data collection from customers and vehicles:

+ Inagarage
* Online

+ Onavan

+ In acar park
+ Instore

ANALYSING DATA
Via our Single Customer view, CRM and Group Data Platform

Key activities:

+ Customer segmentation

* Propensity modelling

+ Demand forecasting

+ Frequently bought
together modelling

CUSTOMER OUTPUTS

+ Personalised emails

+ Personalised web pages

+ Personalised social posts

We have established B2B partnerships...

We've ensured our revenue is increasingly resilient through growing our presence in the more predictable and recurring B2B markets.
Overview

Our strategic ambition to evolve into a B2B-focused business is paying off with recent acquisitions and a strong focus on growing our
commercial services proposition significantly increasing the percentage of Group revenue coming from B2B channels.
This increased revenue is more resilient to external pressures and is helping to create the groundwork for stronger and more

sustainable long-term financial returns for our business.
..that provide stability and growth opportunities...

Case Study
LODGE TYRE COMPANY (“LODGE TYRE”)

The acquisition in October 2022 was perfectly aligned to our strategic growth areas.
Lodge Tyre is a highly respected business in the commercial tyre market, with over 90% of its revenue coming from B2B customers.

Employing over 400 highly skilled colleagues, it operates from 50 garages and 248 mobile tyre fitting vans, providing on-demand and
emergency coverage across the Midlands, East Anglia, North Wales and the North West. These locations are highly complementary of
Halfords’ existing commercial tyre operations.

The combination of Lodge Tyre, Universal and McConechy’s has made us the UK’s largest commercial tyre service provider.

+ Lodge Tyre has led to Halfords having a scaled UK coverage of commercial vehicle tyre and service market.
+ Adds 248 Commercial Vans, taking Halfords total to 479.

+ Adds 50 garages, taking Halfords total to 643.

* — Significant synergies through consolidated procurement, and the ability to win National contracts.

The current trading environment reinforces the rationale for building ever-more resilient, needs-based revenue streams. The nature of
the commercial tyre market means that it is non-discretionary and therefore extremely well insulated against macroeconomic
uncertainty.

Our recent acquisitions help us deliver our objective of further evolving into a business more heavily weighted towards motoring
services giving us more resilient revenue streams.

Halfords is already the UK’s market leading Motoring Service provider to consumers, and this latest acquisition of Lodge Tyre means
Halfords will also be the UK’s largest commercial tyre service provider by revenue and national coverage.

..and built systems and technologies that will propel us further forwards...

Avayler — Halfords’ proprietary SaaS business ~ offers customers a true omnichannel solution empowering Halfords value
proposition.

Avayler offers Halfords’ proprietary software to streamline service delivery for companies that operate in multiple locations; software
that we continue to use to significantly improve our own productivity.

Its value drivers for our business

+ Resilient, contracted B2B revenue.

+ Higher operating margin through leveraging existing investments.
+ Large market opportunity.

+ Strengthens relationships with strategic customers.

What it delivers for our customers

Deliver fully digital customer journey

Increase transparency and visibility across business
Streamline process related to service delivery
Increase service margin and offset ops costs

Be an industry leader with greater market share

Avayler’s unique selling points make the solution highly attractive to large automotive service businesses.

Omnichannel

The only solution on the market that manages and optimises automotive services at any location — mobile, garages, retail store and
fleet locations.

Built by Operators

Avayler was built by a garage and automotive service business to directly solve their pain points.

Over 500,000 automotive repairers in EU, US and UK alone provide significant market opportunity for Avayler.

Further expansion opportunities in other automotive territories

..and help drive utilisation across our business.
We are focused on local utilisation as a core driver of profit growth in both our acquired and existing garages.

Our aim is to drive utilisation in both acquired and existing garages, underpinning profitable market share and growth by growing our
local demand and capacity to increase profit.

Our new localised model gives us a unique ability to execute capacity and demand growth at a local level.
Creating Local Demand

+ Local referrals from store to garage.

+ Local dynamic price promotion.

+ Local targeted fleet client growth.

* Predictable recurring Motoring Club customers.

Creating Local Capacity

+ Local sharing of Group colleagues across stores, garages and vans.

+ Local forecasting of demand using data science enabling local matching to capacity.
+ Digitised consistent operational processes.

+ Live capacity and utilisation tracking.

Strategic Report
Chair's Statement

“The Group delivered another year of strong strategic progress, with a robust financial performance against a challenging
economic and consumer backdrop. As highlighted at the April 2023 Capital Markets Day, we believe the platform is now in
place to deliver increasing shareholder returns in

the mid-term.”

During FY23, we have seen record inflation, decade-high interest rates and historically low consumer confidence, a difficult period for
any business to operate through with many reducing capital expenditure and investment. Despite the emerging economic environment,
we have continued to strategically invest in areas that we believe will make a meaningful difference to business performance. As a
result, we continued to integrate National Tyres, with our garage software Avayler rolling out across the estate, we have seen our
Avayler Software as a Service platform launch in Europe through ATU, part of the Mobivia Group, the acquisition of Lodge Tyre
complementing our existing commercial fleet service businesses of McConechy's Tyres and Universal Tyres, and the launch of our
Motoring Loyalty Club to over 1.7m members giving loyal customers access to the UK's first dedicated Motoring Loyalty programme.

It has therefore been a year of significant change and transformation, with total capital spend including the consideration for Lodge
Tyre of £90m. Group revenues grew +16.3% year-on-year to £1.6bn, service-related sales reached 48% of revenues and are expected
to exceed 50% on a proforma basis with Lodge Tyre, and Underlying Profit before Tax was £51.5m. Although this has declined year-
on-year, it was broadly flat with FY20, despite two of our four markets being significantly suppressed as a result of the cost of living
crisis that emerged in the post-COVID era.

Looking ahead

We take confidence from extemal forecasts that the market conditions that have persisted through FY23, and look likely to impact
much of FY24, will eventually subside. What is also probable, is that only the strongest and most relevant businesses will survive these
periods of economic turbulence and we have great confidence in our own plans, and ability to trade through this difficult period. This is
why | look forward with great optimism that Halfords has the strength and relevance to thrive.

As we set out in our Capital Markets Day in April 2023, we now have a more resilient, differentiated, customer and data-centric
business, that is well positioned to deliver significant shareholder value over the mid-term driving improved retum on capital employed.

Colleagues

Our colleagues have always been at the heart of our business and this has never been more apparent as the Group transitions to
become a predominantly services business. It is their skill and passion that makes Halfords the first choice for the-products and
services we offer, keeping customers safe and moving on their journeys. The Group now employs over 12,000 colleagues across
Retail stores, garages and our mobile fleet, and they are supported by dedicated central support teams, distribution centres and field
colleagues; | would like to thank them all for their contribution in FY23.

Dividend

Last year we paid a full year dividend of 9.00p per share and communicated an intention for this dividend to be progressive as we
looked forward. Having paid an interim dividend of 3.00p per share earlier in FY23, | am pleased that the Board is proposing increasing
the final dividend to 7.00p per share, payable in September 2023. This means the FY23 full year dividend will be 10.00p per share, an
increase of +11% on the prior year. The Board is increasing this dividend due to the continued strength of the Group's balance sheet,
its strong cash generation and the confidence in the mid-term plans laid out at the Capital Markets Day.

Looking forward, we intend to target dividend cover in the range of 1.5x-2.5x of Underlying Profit after Tax.
Keith Williams

Chair

21 June 2023

Chief Executive Officer's Statement

“As we laid out our plans for the year ahead in June last year, we stated the importance of maintaining our investment in key strategic
initiatives despite the emerging economic and cost of living crisis. One year on, | am proud of the strategic progress we have made
during FY23.”

As we laid out our plans for the year ahead in June last year, we stated the importance of maintaining our investment in key strategic
initiatives despite the emerging economic challenges and cost of living crisis. One year on, | am proud of the strategic progress we
have made during FY23. As detailed at our Capital Markets Day in April 2023, we have created a more resilient, differentiated,
customer-focused and data-centric business — one which | believe will go on to deliver significantly higher shareholder returns over the
mid-term as we leverage our unique platform.

Some of the key strategic highlights in the year included acquiring Lodge Tyre in October 2022, signing our third client onto our Avayler
SaaS platform, the continued integration of National Tyres by implementing the same Avayler software across the estate, and the
Jaunch of our Motoring Loyalty Club to over 1.7m customers in its first year.

Alongside a very busy year of strategic change, we have seen the underlying strength of the Group demonstrated through a solid
financial performance, which has been delivered against a backdrop of the most challenging operating conditions | have seen during
my career in Retail. Total Group revenue reached £1.6bn, growing +39.5% vs FY20 (+15.3% vs FY22), with Service-related sales
accounting for almost half of the Group's total revenue at 48%, and B2B revenue reaching 24%.

Underlying profit before tax was £51.5m, down -£38.3m vs FY22 and -£5.4m vs. FY20, despite £95m of year-on-year cost and market
headwinds, investment in price to support customers, and continued investment in our transformation. It is this operational and financial
strength that has enabled investment for future growth, as well as allowing us to increase our FY23 dividend by +11% to 10p for the full
year — evidence of the confidence we have in the plan.

Group Revenue

Group revenues of £1.6bn were underpinned by LFL performance of +13.4% vs FY20 and +2.4% vs FY22. This is a particularly strong
result considering the uncertain environment businesses and consumers have faced, and it demonstrates the relevance and resilience
of our offer. As we have highlighted throughout this year, two of our core markets (Consumer Tyres and Cycling) are facing a very
significant downturn, and in our Capital Markets Day we noted that the Consumer Tyre market remains -14% below FY20 and the
cycling market -24% below the same period. To deliver sales growth despite these headwinds clearly demonstrates the underlying
strength of the business and our ability to grow market share. As we look forward, the recovery of these markets, coupled with
continued market share growth, will see us improve performance further.

Autocentres Revenue

Autocentres revenues continue to grow rapidly as we scale the business. Total revenues reached £614m growing +31.6% LFL vs FY20
and +15.4% vs FY22, and now representing 38% of Group revenues. Given the tyre market performance, this is a very strong result
and is driven by our growing share within the tyre market which increased +0.4ppts year-on-year and the benefits of our Motoring
Loyalty Club, which has introduced more new customers to our business. Indeed, the Motoring Club drove roughly a third of MOTs
booked in the period.

During the year we have also seen growth in our non-LFL business, with National Tyres present in H1 for the first time and the newly
acquired Lodge Tyre from October 2022. Lodge Tyre, which is centred around B2B commercial fleet tyre services, has shown a very
resilient trading performance — one of the key principles in our strategic decision to grow our B2B business. National Tyres revenues
have inevitably been impacted by the consumer tyre market depression. The combination of lower-than-average miles driven vs pre-
COVID and the subsequent cost of living crisis has temporarily extended the life of tyres and forced consumers to delay replacing until
critical. Neither factor will be permanent, and as the market recovers we anticipate continued revenue growth across the Autocentres
Group.

Retail Motoring

Retail Motoring has enjoyed a strong year, as markets normalised post-Covid, and the less discretionary nature of the product and
service offering has been demonstrated. There have inevitably been some more discretionary markets within the offer (e.g.
Technology) that have suffered as consumers look to lower their outgoings, but we have worked hard to grow market share across our
entire offer. The overall result therefore masks what we consider a very strong performance in more needs-based products. We have
also improved the value of our offer, as well as the overall customer proposition. During H2, we entered the £1bn wider car parts
market, providing customers with access to thousands of car parts, with next day delivery to home or store.

Retail Cycling

Whilst Cycling saw a fairly resilient performance during H1, the latter part of Q3 and Q4 saw a pronounced market deterioration due to
the more discretionary nature of this category. Whilst we have grown our share of the market, it was not enough to offset the tough
market conditions. As market leaders, Cycling continues to be an important part of the business, giving consumers a method of
transport that is both environmentally friendly as well as beneficial for their fitness.

Whilst the more mainstream cyclist has generally reduced their spending, our market leading Cycle2Work scheme has enjoyed
success, growing +16.7% year-on-year. We continue to develop our platform, making it easier for customers to gain access to
exclusive and market leading own brand bikes through this government supported tax free cycling scheme.

Strategic Progress

Acquisition of Lodge Tyre

As noted at our interim results, Lodge Tyre was acquired shortly after the close of H1, in October 2022. Lodge is a commercial vehicle
tyre and service specialist and complements our existing commercial fleet businesses of McConechy's and Universal Tyres. It

significantly expands our UK coverage and makes Halfords the UK's commercial tyre services market leader. We now have a
commercial fleet of 479 vans and 90 centres operating across the UK, allowing businesses to work with a single partner to support their
fleets.

Lodge is perfectly aligned to our areas of strategic priority, operating wholly within the motoring services sector, and with over 90% of
its revenues in B2B markets.

Whilst the integration of Lodge is not yet complete, it has joined the Group seamlessly and performed very well, with business
performance in line with our business case expectations.

Avayler
Our Avayler platform is the software that underpins the Halfords motoring services operating model. At our Capital Markets Day in
April, we detailed how this platform is central to the success of our business.

The SaaS version of our Avayler platform is already helping three of the biggest automotive businesses, (American Tire Distributors.
and TireBuyer in the US, and Mobivia in Europe) provide a truly customer centric service offering whilst streamlining their operations,
increasing efficiencies, and reducing costs.

Motoring Loyalty Club

The launch of our Motoring Loyalty Club in March 2022 was a significant milestone for the Group. In June 2022 we set our year one
targets for the club, which we have comfortably exceeded. This is a clear sign of the relevance and potential of the club, even at this
early stage. With over 1.7m members against a target of 500k to 1m, and over 125k subscription members vs. a target of 50-100k,
customers are already enjoying the benefits of the club. Equally as important for Halfords, it brings a rich dataset to the Group which
allows us to understand our customer's needs better, and form more valuable lifetime customer relationships.

The club also offers more tangible benefits to the Group. In a year of very high inflation and low consumer confidence, the club has
enabled the acquisition of customers to our Autocentres business from within the Group, leveraging our multi-million Retail and Digitat
customer bases. This has allowed us to reduce our marketing acquisition costs in channels like radio, outdoor advertising, and Google.

As a result of the club, roughly a third of Autocentres MOTs in FY23 were members of the club, with members cross-shopping more
than 4x the rate of non-members. Most importantly however, is that NPS scores from members were +4 points higher than non-
members.

National Tyres

As noted above, National Tyres is most exposed to the current downtum in the consumer tyre market. Despite this we have seen
some excellent progress in the integration which, as the tyre market recovers, will ensure delivery of the acquisition business case.
Synergies from the acquisition have delivered over £6.0m of profit in FY23, in line with the original business case.

Akey activity in the year has been the impiementation of our Avayler software across the estate, centralising and coordinating our
buying approach. This has been achieved by leveraging our single integrated Group website, which means National garage slots are
now available to book via the Halfords Group website. This provides the National garages with a bigger market, growing demand,
capacity and efficiency, and supported the growth of our service, maintenance and repair business.

Fusion
Our Fusion programme is the transformation of the Halfords customer experience within a town. During FY23 our focus was to rollout
the most capital efficient elements from the Halifax and Colchester trials.

As a result, we have upgraded the retail car park service provision in 50 towns alongside training nearly all our colleagues across Retail
and managers in Autocentres in selling “solutions”, empowering more colleagues with the tools to sell the full solution to every
customer, every time.

Operating Review

FY23 proved to be another challenging operating environment. The Ukraine war acted as a catalyst to already increasing inflation, but
our trading through H1 proved relatively resilient with the exception of the consumer tyre market which continued to suffer the after-
effects of lower mileage driven post COVID-19 and the cost-of-living crisis. H2 trading began with a similar tone, but it was the volatile
political and economic environment in the Autumn that brought about a rapid change in trading patterns in more discretionary, and
typically high-ticket, products.

As a business we continued through H2 as we began in H1; a focus on cost and efficiency, delivering our most critical strategic
investments, and trading with agility against difficult market conditions. Our cost and efficiency programme delivered over £20m of
savings, beating the targets set out in June 2022. Highlights included lease negotiations in Retail, warehousing and distribution
efficiencies, and negotiations of key freight contracts to ensure the Group rates were at or below spot rates. The Group also
successfully hedged the US dollar and energy markets to deliver an average dollar exchange rate in cost of goods above $1.30 and
mitigated the potential increase in energy rates in FY23.

This monumental effort was necessary to tackle the inflation in costs across the business. Although the cost of freight was successfully
managed, it was still a significant headwind in FY23, as was inflation in cost of goods generally. Many of our international supply
partners continued to operate below capacity and input prices remained significantly above pre-Covid levels. A 6.6% National Living
Wage increase from April 2022 also drove inflation into labour costs, as did the significant skills shortage across the UK - particularly
noticeable in Autocentre Technician markets.

We therefore consider the FY23 underlying profit before tax of £51.5m to be a solid result against such a difficult environment.

Capital Structure and Dividend

We understand the importance of the ordinary dividend to many of our investors and we have proposed a FY23 final dividend of 7p per
share (FY22 6p) to be paid on 15 September 2023 with the corresponding ex-dividend date of 10 August 2023 and the record date of
11 August 2023, This represents a full year dividend of 10p per share, an increase of +11% on FY22, in line with our aspirations to
make the dividend progressive.

At our Capital Markets Day in April 2023, we reconfirmed our capital allocation priorities, highlighting our dividend cover targets:
1. Maintaining a prudent balance sheet

2. Investment for growth

3. M&A, focused on Autocentres

4. Dividend covered by 1.5x — 2.5x underlying profit after tax

5. Surplus cash retumed to shareholders

During the year the Group extended its £180m debt facility until December 2025.

Average capital expenditure is expected to be in the range of £50-60m p.a. in the mid-term, assuming no material acquisitions, which
represents approximately 3% of revenues. We expect FY24 Capex to be at the lower end of this range.

“It has been more critical than ever that we have continued to support colleagues and customers during the cost of living crisis,
improving efficiency across the Group, and identifying cost reductions where possible.”

Graham Stapleton
Chief Executive Officer, Halfords Group pic
21 June 2023

Case Study

Motoring Loyalty Club

Last year, we launched our brand-new Motoring Loyalty Club, a loyalty scheme offering customers great benefits, such as free MOTs,
free next day delivery and discounts across the Group, to help with their motoring journeys.

The Motoring Club gives us an even better way to get to know our customers and communicate with them. We have built new
technology to provide real-time, personalised expertise and rewards for members who access our services through any channel —
whether a store, garage, van or onlirie — and the response from our customers has been great.

Since launch we have seen 1.7 million members sign up and have attracted new customers to the Group, particularly in our Garage
Services business with 80% of our Motoring Loyalty Club members being new to this part of the business.

The Motoring Loyalty Club has also driven an increase in cross-shop behaviours along with an increase in customer Net Promoter
Score (“NPS”) (vs. non-members).