HALEORDS GROUPPLC)
innualReportend Accounts)
Fortne petion entiedpacViaren2021)

Companies House Number 104457314)

DATA-ENABLED
OMNICHANNEL
PLATFORM

IMT

122

u

A28 11/09/2024 #162
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

GROUP OVERVIEW

Group Highlights 01
Our Year in Review 01
Our Purpose-Led Framework 02
Our Attractive Investment Case 04
Our Journey 06
Chair's Statement 08
Group at a Glance 10
Unique 12
Digital and Data-Enabled 16
Future 20
STRATEGIC REPORT

Our Business Today 26
Chief Executive Officer's Statement 28
Our Marketplace 34
Business Model 38
Our Engagement with Stakeholders 40
Section 172(1) Statement 42
Our Key Performance Indicators 45
Our Strategy 48
Our ESG Strategy 54
TCFD 69
Chief Financial Officer's Statement 76
Risk Management 81
Principal Risks 82
Going Concem and Viability Statement 90
OUR GOVERNANCE

Governance at a Glance 94
Board of Directors 98
Executive Team 100
Corporate Governance Report 102
Nomination Committee Report 120
ESG Committee Report 124
Audit Committee Report 126
Remuneration Committee Report 132
Directors’ Report 150
Directors’ Responsibilities 155
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Independent Auditor's Report 158
Consolidated Income Statement 168
Consolidated Statement of 169
Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of 170
Financial Position

Consolidated Statement of Changes in 171
Shareholders’ Equity

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 172
Notes to Consolidated Statement of 173
Cash Flows

Accounting Policies 174
Notes to the Financial Statements 186
Company Balance Sheet 214
Company Statement of Changes in 215
Shareholders’ Equity

Accounting Policies 216
Notes to the Financial Statements 217
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Five-year Record 224
Glossary of Alternative Performance 225
Measures

Company Information 226

|

Welcome to our
2024 Annual Report

Halfords is the UK's
leading provider of
motoring and cycling
products and services.

Halfords has a clear strategy that
we are delivering...

evolving into a consumer and B2B services focussed business, with a greater
emphasis on motoring generating higher and more sustainable financial returns.
For the first time ever, more than half of the Group's revenue now come from services.

Our unique market position means we can offer customers products and services
for all their motoring and cycling needs under the Halfords brand.

WunintegratedNepont

This is our tenth integrated report and is designed to provide a concise overview of
how we generate value for all stakeholders. By following an integrated reporting model,
we aim to show how our competitive advantage is sustainable in the short-, medium-,
and long-term. Whilst this report focusses on value generation for our shareholders,

it also demonstrates how we interact with all stakeholders.

Online Annual Report

Read our Annual Report online,
Including a link to the full
Remuneration Policy:
halfords.annualreport2024.com

Corporate Website

Catch up with our latest news and
learn more about Halfords on our
corporate website:
www.halfordscompany.com

Capital Markets Day

See the latest investor presentation
on our corporate website:
www.halfordscompany.com

Grocowionignts oe | [Cryer etan ]
Financial Strategic
Revenue Underlying profit before tax In April 2023. we held a Capital Markets Day ("CMD") for analysts

=7 9%

v7 OY

~}

and investors, in which we demonstrated the unique, digital and
data canhind amniohannal pistform that has been developed in
the previous five ynarr Wa than axplainad how we will leverage this
platform to deliver on significant mid and long-torm opportunities.
The CMD presentatinn is available on aur corporate website,

air www.halfurdscompany.com
[ s//8
GG
ae SIN
gel = ql 9
5 al ‘
“| | | oy of the Group's revenue now comes
ia | | from Services.
Ss 8 8 8 S ,
zee ee = {1 Read more on page 26
= = - —
Opcrational peratinnal
Halfords Motoring Group NPS The success of the Halfords Motoring Club continued in FY24, with

Club members
Doubled +0.

&
o

over 3.4 million members now signed up, well ahead of our target.

‘The benefits of the Halfords Motoring Club are clearly resonating

with customers looking for value in a cost of living crisis. The Halfords
Motoring Club is a core element of our mid- to long-term strategic plan,
with vehicle and vehicle health data central to our Lifetime strategy.

Our goal is to drive stronger data analytics, predictive modelling,
monetisation, and even more profitable utilisation, alongside a highly
personalised customer experiance.

18.300

vehicle registration numbers in CRM
(customer records), reprosenting

ey = gn .
z £ = approximately half of the UK car parc.
Scores from FY23 onwards on new bas WD Read more onpage 38
ail nen aliaalaaas (40 Read more on page 38>)
Sustainability Sustainability
Scope 1 and 2 carbon Reduction in Consumer- The Group is making good progress on its carbon emissions targets.

emissions (tonnes)
(% vs FY20 baseline)

H2aYe

facing virgin plastic
(vs FY20 baseline)

= Yo

Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions increased during the period, primarily due
to growth ot the business, but were 24% lower than the FY20 baseline,
Significant progroes was made in calculating accurate Scape 3 emissions,
poaviding the Genvip with 9 trang havin fine its Net Zarn rariman,

The. Bile Xohango programme continued to qraw in FY?4, with

©. 16,000 second-hand bikes returned to our stores and, once
refurbished, either resold or gitted to charities for onward distributlor tu
communities in Africa.

AQ)Yo

reduction in Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions
versus FY20 baseline
(on a tCO,¢ per £ 1m of revenue basis).

(Ca Read more on page 54 )

halfords.annualreport2024.com 1

MalAuzn0
dnous

OUR PURPOSE-LED
FRAMEWORK

The successful delivery of our strategy is critical to the delivery of the Group's
purpose and is underpinned by the values and behaviours that shape our culture
and the way that we conduct our business.

@ Read more on page 48

OUR
PURPOSE

To INSPIRE
and SUPPORT a
LIFETIME of motoring
and cycling

OUR
VISION
The super-specialist in motoring and
cycling, trusted by the nation

OUR
MISSION
To make motoring easier, safer and more enjoyable
for averynna and to get people cycling, more frequently

@ur Culture D) (Our Values ) (Our approach to ESG )

one halfords wow our
forty oustomera
Ateam inspired and motivated to drive Focussed on the areas where Halfords can
towards delivering our Goals, Mission, és make a real difference and lead the industry
Vision and Purpose who live and breathe toa better, more sustainable future.

our brand values and represent the very
best of what we offer as a business to be better pride in

our customers. every day expertise

o2 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 29 March 2024

OUR ATTRACTIVE
INVESTMENT CASE

Over the Short-, Mid- and Long-Term

aLheypiatformwejnavercreatedandwilllleveragegomaitonwards;

Since the launch of our ‘Inspire, Support, Lifetime’ strategy in 2018, we have worked
hard to maintain the strong heritage that Halfords has built over the last 130 years,
whilst developing a business that is relevant today and in the future.

We have built a market-leading motoring and cycling business that possesses a unique combination of products and services,
delivered through an unrivalled breadth of channel convenience.

Market leading businesses

Atrusted brand Data driven

Well placed to capitalise on
Abrand with good awareness, attractive markets rebounding from With access to data from almost
consideration, and significant heritage. historic lows. half of the UK's ageing car parc and

a growing Halfords Motoring Club,
data is driving growth in revenue.

INVESTED
PLATFORM TO
LEVERAGE

The major investment has been made.
Halfords is now the UK's largest
motoring and cycling
services business. Significant
digital and data
capability

@_ Read more on page 26

Resilient services and i

Differentiated :

operating model H commercial business i
Unique combination of stores, Resilient and recurring revenue |
garages, vans andexpert colleagues streams from services and commercial!
offering an unrivalled breadth of offer, propositions, driving higher, more i
channel mix, and convenience. sustainable operating margins.

04 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 29 March 2024

(Opportunities over the mid- and long-term )

The UK's one-stop shop

for motoring ownership

Giving customers the ability to access _

all motoring products and services “ -
they need from one provider.

INVESTED
eg PLATFORM TO
i LEVERAGE

a
The UK's servicing eee
destination for electric ~. ae
transport
Ambition to build a market-
leading position

Avayler, a growing

SaaS business

A growing Software as a Service
("SaaS") business attracting compelling
revenue-based valuation multiples.

A unique local motoring
and cycling offer

Through Project Fusion, we have
learnt the value of town-based
shopping for both our customers and
‘our business.

halfords.annualreport2024.com 05

MaIANaRO
nous

OUR
JOURNEY

20 years on the London Stock Exchange.
We have come along way.

Through targeted acquisitions, continued development and launching our own SaaS business,
we are continuing to evolve, increasing our market share to become the largest provider of motoring
and cycling products and services in the UK.

| Halfords

Expand service offer from
WeFit to full service

Autocentres
Acquisition of
Mutivriwide
Autocentres
and rebrand to
Halfords

MOTORING, CYCLING AND LIFE’S JOURNEY

Boardman

Acquisition \

of premium QA

bike brand
2016

the UK's largest provider of motoring and
cycling services and products.” —_

G

“We are proud to mark 20 years on the | Tredz
London Stock Exchange. Halfords has (- Acauisition of
changed enormously in this time to become | Bremium cycling
business S

Graham Stapleton 7
Chief Executive Officer Halfords

Expand cycling offer, including more premium
bikes, repair services, online channels, and new
brands like Boardman and Tredz

2004 ‘C) 2010 2014 2016

06 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 29 March 2024

Halfords

Start to expand coverage of the
attractive tyre supply market

r 1 oo Launched
theDrive ‘ ca = Halfords
| Motoring Club |
Entry into mobile Suievans i _t
tyre fitting market | Mobile vat _

2022 !

_ — } — ~ Acquisition of
{ } | Halfords the
McConechy's }  tyrecentres National ) UK's largest
Entry into tyre Acquisition commercial tyre
fitting market, brings total | owe
for consumors garayg estate a
and fleets tomore \ - >
| than 600 | |
- : "| Halfords Fusion |
| Expanding data capture concept
Aunique,
H omnichannel,
town-based

| Halfords

| Bespoke software development ‘Avayler

2018

2019 2020

experience for

2023

Avayler
Sale of 5%
stake to
Bridgestone

2021 2022 2023 2024

halfords.annualreport2024.com o7

M31AN3A0
noua

CHAIR'S
STATEMENT

Building a strong
platform for
profitable growth

Challenging markets meant that FY24 was a
difficult year for the Group, but | am confident
that we are making the right decisions

to drive profit and cash generation in the
short-term and strengthen the business for
the long-term.

Keith Williams

Chair

Read more on page 48

os HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 29 March 2024

lended my FY23 statement with reference to
cour Capital Markets Day in April 2023. where
the Management team presented an updated
strategy for the medium- and long-term
future of the Halfords group. Whilst the
strategy and our ambitions remain on

track, market conditions in FY24 have been
worse than we anticipated. Persistently high
consumer inflation and elevated interest rates
have resulted in low consumer confidence
and week demand for discretionary products,
whilst significant cost inflation continued to
adversely impact the Group.

In the face of challenging market conditions,
the business has focussed on the areas it can
control, adapting well to short-term trading
volatility and continuing to make strong
progress operationally and strategically.
Better utilisation of labour and the expansion
of dynamic pricing is helping to drive more
profitable growth in our Autocentres business,
whilst ongoing investment in range and
product innovation have strengthened our
Retail business. Our Halfords Motoring Club
has proven to be very popular with customers,
with more than 3.4 million members now
signed-up. Our Fusion towns ~ Colchester
‘and Halifax - have seen impressive financial
rcauita, giving us the confidenos to invoct
further in this initiative. And finally, our B2B
businesses continue to grow very strongly,
with Commercial Fleet Services a key highlight
as it leveraged its national scale to win several
large contracts. The business also continued
to reduce the cost base, with over E'35m ot
cost removed in FY'24, lam confident that

the significant progress made this year gives
Halfords an even stronger platform for when
morlicto finally recovor.

Colleagues

Our colleagues remain at the heart of our
business, and it is their skill and passion
that makes Halfords the first choice for our
customers. The Group now employs over
12,000 colleagues in stores, garages, and
our mobile van fleet, supported by dedicated
central support teams, distribution centres
and field colleagues. They have adapted
‘quickly to changing market conditions

and ! would like to thank them all for their
significant contribution in FY24,

Board and Leadership

After nine years as a Non-Executive Director
and three years as the Senior Independent
Director, Helen Jones retired from the Board
in September 2023.1 wish to express my
sincere thanks to Helen for her significant
contributions and service to the Group
since 2014.

Tanvi Gokhale was appointed to the Board
in June 2023 as a Non-Executive Director
and succeeded Helen as Chair of the ESG
Committee and Employee Voice Director.
Tanvi brings significant experience to the
Group, and! am sure that she will contribute
greatly to the ongoing success of Halfords.

Dividend

At our Capital Markets Day in April 2023,

the Group gave clear guidance on its capital
allocation priorities, including its dividend
policy, which is to target dividend cover in
the range of 1.5x to 2.5x of Underlying Profit
‘After Tax. Inline with our dividend policy

and reflecting the profit delivered in the
year, the Board proposes a final dividend of
5.0 pence per share, bringing the full year
dividend to 8.0 pence per share. This is a
reduction of 20% on the prior year, reflecting
the reduction in earnings and the Board's
commitment to the Group's dividend policy
and the continued maintenance of a strong
balance sheet. The Board remains confident
in the Group's strategy and mid-term plans
and looks forward to increasing the dividend
‘once profit growth returns.

Looking ahead

Arecovery in the Group's core markets

in FY25 is far from certain, as consumers
continue to be impacted by a significant
increase in their cost of living. The
Management team is planning for another
year of subdued demand, whilst taking action
on areas under their control. This includes a
continued focus on cost reduction, further
growing profitability in Autocentres, and
investing in opportunities with good returns.
lam confident that we are taking the right
decisions for FY25 and beyond.

Underlying Profit Before Tax
(Continuing Operations)

£43..1m

Dividend Per Share
(Full-Year)

S.00p

Keith Williams
Chair

17 July 2024

halfords.annualreport2024.com 09

GROUP Ar
A GLANCE

We are the UK's leading provider of motoring and
cycling products and services. We fit products, attend
call outs, and maintain more vehicles in the UK than any
other provider.

Avayler, based on the internally developed software that powers our Motoring Servicing
business, has been sold to third-party customers as a SaaS solution. The unique platform that

has been built leaves the business exceptionally well-positioned to maintain and extend its,
market-leading proposition.

Halfords has over 12,000
colleagues working in more than
1,750 service locations, providing
customers with an average
drivetime of less than 20 minutes.

387 639 768

Stores Garages _ Mobile Vans
385 Halfords Retail and 639 garages offering 273 direct to consumer vans and 495
2 Performance Cycling MOT, service, commercial vans, bringing services direct

stores offering a wide to customers
range of motoring and t 4
cycling products and on ibe *
demand services.

maintenance and repair
services.

t

Customer Click and Integrated

Contact Centre Collect Web Platform

Offering expert advice, knowledge and help —_ Enabling customers to pick up Bringing together Halfords products and
from a centralised, virtual location. products at their local store. services under one website.

B2B Avayler

Offering products Avayler technology empowers Halfords
and services, across service technicians to deliver an unrivalled

both motoring experience. This platform is now being sold
and cycling, to to third parties as a SaaS solution
businesses around

the UK and ROI,
including our market-
leading Cycle2Work

scheme

10 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 29 March 2024