HALFORDS GROUP PLC
Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 28 March 2025

WELCOME TO OUR 2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Halfords is the UK’s leading provider of motoring and cycling products and services.
Halfords is transforming into a consumer and B2B services-focused business...

...with a greater emphasis on motoring generating higher and more sustainable financial returns. This year, services accounted for
more than half of the Group’s revenue, building on progress made in FY24.

Our unique market position means we can offer customers products and services for all their motoring and cycling needs under the
Halfords brand.

Our integrated Report

This is our eleventh integrated report and is designed to provide a concise overview of how we generate value for all stakeholders. By
following an integrated reporting model, we aim to show how our competitive advantage is sustainable in the short, medium, and long
term. Whilst this report focuses on value generation for our shareholders, it also demonstrates how we interact with all stakeholders.

Online Annual Report
Read our Annual Report online: halfords.annualreport2025.com .

Corporate Website
Catch up with our latest news and learn more about Halfords on our corporate website: www.halfordscompany.com

Latest Results
See the latest investor presentation on our corporate website: www.halfordscompany.com

nu

10/09/2025 #162
COMPANIES HOUSE

GROUP HIGHLIGHTS
FINANCIAL

FY24 measures include the results of the tyre and wholesale operations which were discontinued in that year on the basis that the
business continues to incur costs in relation to the discontinued business which are now outsourced to a third party.

Revenue (like-for-like)
+2.5%

Operational
Group Net Promoter Score
+2.0 points

Sustainability

Underlying Profit Before Tax

+6.4%

Halfords Motoring Club members

+1.6m

Scope 1 and 2 emissions (tonnes) (% vs FY20 baseline)

-32%

OUR YEAR IN REVIEW

We continued to make good progress in
delivering the strategic priorities outlined in
FY23 while adapting to changing market
dynamics.

Against a challenging consumer backdrop,
we have focused on controlling the
controllables, including rolling out our high-

Operational

The Halfords Motoring Club continued to
resonate with our customers, reaching over
five million members in the year.

Like Fusion, our club is a critical
differentiator in the market, bringing our
retail and autocentres businesses closer
together. Almost half of all MOTs in our

returning Fusion Motoring Services model to garages now come from club members. As
50 locations, with plans for c.150 locations inwell as lowering our cost to acquire

total.

50
new Fusion locations

customers in our garages, the club gives us

access to rich customer and vehicle data
which in the longer term will enable an ever
more personalised proposition.

5m
Halfords Motoring Club members

Sustainability

The development of our new ESG strategy
focusing on Planet, Proposition and People
has brought all aspects of our business
together to create a series of goals and
strategic objectives designed to drive
meaningful progress towards a more
sustainable future.

Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions have
increased this year but remain 32% lower
than our FY20 baseline. We have changed
our decarbonisation approach through our
strategy to bring absolute reductions to our
emissions that have attractive payback
and/or commercial drivers. More information
is available on page 42.

OUR PURPOSE-LED FRAMEWORK

The successful implementation of our strategy is critical to the delivery of the Group’s purpose and is underpinned by the
values and behaviours that shape our culture and the way that we conduct our business.

OUR PURPOSE OUR VISION OUR MISSION
To Inspire and Support a Lifetime of The super-specialist in motoring and To make motoring easier, safer and more
motoring and cycling cycling, trusted by the nation enjoyable for everyone and to get people

cycling more frequently

OUR CULTURE
A team inspired and motivated to drive towards delivering our Mission, Vision and Purpose who live and breathe our brand values and
represent the very best of what we offer as a business to our customers.

OUR VALUES
ONE HALFORDS FAMILY WOW OUR CUSTOMERS
BE BETTER EVERYDAY PRIDE IN EXPERTISE
OUR APPROACH TO ESG

Focused on the areas where Halfords can make a real difference and lead the industry to a better, more sustainable future.

INVESTMENT CASE

As the leading provider of motoring and cycling products and services in the UK, Halfords offers customers an unmatched
level of service, expertise and convenience through its national network of retail stores, autocentres and mobile vans.

4
Market leadership _

2
A trusted brand

3
Access to rich data

Halfords is the leading provider of motoring Halfords is the only super-specialist

and cycling products and services in the UK, motoring and cycling business of its kind,
with unmatched geographical coverage and with a brand built over 125 years on service, Halfords has a solid foundation from which
an established online presence. There are quality, and expertise. Long-lasting heritage, to develop into a truly data-driven, digitally
many opportunities in the markets where we reputation, and accessibility make Halfords enabled business. Halfords Motoring Club
the first choice for products and support. We has reached more than five million members

operate, some of which are at post-
pandemic lows (Cycling, Tyres) and others
where we have the benefit of scale in a
fragmented industry (Motoring Services,
Motoring Product, Commercial Fleet
Services).

are trusted by millions of customers — not
only for our breadth of services but also for

With contact details for owners of around a
third of vehicles in the UK's ageing car parc,

and includes a growing population of
subscription-paying Premium members,

our ability to deliver consistently across retail creating an opportunity to further engage

stores, garages, and mobile vans.

and inspire our customers, enhancing
lifetime value.

4
A differentiated operating model

5
Servicested growth

6
Financial resilience

Our combination of retail stores, autocentres Over the last decade, Halfords has

and mobile vans, serving customers and
businesses both online and in person, sets
us apart. In Motoring, we have an

transformed from a traditional retailer of
motoring and cycling products into a
services-led super-specialist and one of the

unmatched physical network, with four times largest independent garage businesses in

more service events in retail than in
garages, and offer ultimate convenience
through our mobile vans. Our Fusion

the UK. More than half of Group sales are
now service-related, with almost a third
derived from B2B contracts. This strategic

programme is unlocking this model's power, shift has resulted in a more resilient

bringing the elements of the Halfords
ecosystem closer together.

business less exposed to discretionary
spend.

Halfords benefits from a strong balance
sheet, providing resilience in the face of
external headwinds and the ability to invest
where we see the ability to generate strong
financial returns. The business is
consistently cash generative and we have a
clearly stated capital allocation policy,
including a dividend policy that links
payments to sustainable growth and profit
generation.

OUR GROUP AT A GLANCE

We are the UK’s number one Motoring Services business, offering our customers a differentiated combination of products
and services through our nationwide network of stores, garages, mobile vans and integrated web platform.

We are also the nation’s largest specialist cycling retailer and a trusted source of expertise in bicycle servicing. Across products and
services, retail and garages, motoring and cycling — we are also a major provider of B2B services, including through our Commercial
Fleet Services business, Cycle2Work offer, and Software-as-a-Service platform, Avayler.

Retail
373 Halfords Retail and two Performance Cycling stores offering a wide range of motoring and cycling products and on-demand
services. In fact, more than 80% of the Group's service events take place in our retail stores.

Garages .
542 consumer garages and 90 commercial depots offering MOTs, tyres, maintenance and repair services. We hold current owner
contact details for c.12m vehicles, representing 32% of the UK car parc.

Contact Centre
Offering expert advice, knowledge and help via chat and voice functionality.

Click and Collect
Offering customers market-leading levels of collection convenience via our nationwide footprint of stores

Integrated Web Platform
A single, user-friendly website bringing Halfords products and services together in one place.

Mobile Vans
c. 280 mobile service vans and c. 500 Commercial Fleet Services vans, bringing services direct to our customers at a location to suit
them.

Halfords Motoring Club
Bringing together our retail and garage offerings, driving customer loyalty and engagement, and generating incremental sales and
profit, our unique Motoring Club supports enhanced lifetime value.

Avayler
Our Software-as-a-Service business, selling our proprietary garage management technology to garage businesses worldwide.

With over 12,000 colleagues working in more than 1,750 service locations we provide our c. 20m customers with an average drivetime
of less than 20 minutes.

Our super-specialist offer is unique in the market, enabled by our physical infrastructure, technology and data.

Our business today
From a traditional motoring and cycling retailer a decade ago, we have evolved into a consumer and B2B services-focused business
with a greater emphasis on motoring.

2019 Revenue 2025 Revenue

£1.1bn £1.7bn

MOTORING

2019 Revenue Our journey Our ambition:

66% Motoring has become the central focus of our business, Our goal is to become the definitive

2025 Revenue reflecting a strategic shift towards needs-based, high destination for all motoring needs. By

79% frequency categories and now making up close to 80% of _ creating a seamless journey across online,
Group revenues. We have strengthened our offer in car garage, mobile and in-store touchpoints, we
parts, diagnostics, tyres and servicing — enabled by our are building a joined-up ecosystem that

multichannel infrastructure and trusted colleague expertise. supports drivers through every stage of
vehicle ownership.

SERVICE RELATED SALES

2019 Revenue Our journey Our ambition

24% In recent years the business has made a strategic pivot into We are now scaling this integrated approach
higher margin, more resilient service-based activities which _ further through our Fusion programme —

2025 R
jevenue now contribute more than half of Group revenue. This growth bringing together retail stores, garages and

9
52% has been enabled by a unique operating model combining _ mobile vans in unified local ecosystems. Our
garages, mobile vans, and dedicated service areas in retail ambition is to offer the most convenient,
store car parks, delivering expert support across a wide comprehensive, and trusted motoring
range of customer needs. The service and advice elements services in the UK.
of our retail offering are critical differentiators compared to
online pureplay motoring and cycling businesses and are a
key aspect of our role as a super-specialist in the market.
Our Motoring Club, investment in technician training, and
market-leading customer insight have all supported this
transformation. .
B2B
2019 Revenue Our journey Our ambition
12% Our B2B business has grown both organically and through We are well-positioned to expand our B2B
2025 Revenue acquisition across Commercial Fleet Services, Cycle2Work, presence further by deepening integration
29% and white-label servicing partnerships, with B2B contributing with major partners and targeting growth in

almost a third of Group revenue. This has been supported by areas like fleet servicing, maintenace and

our national coverage, robust infrastructure, and ability to repair as well as employer benefit schemes.

deliver high quality service at scale. B2B revenue isnow a Our ambition is to build a scalable, recurring

core and resilient part of the Group model. revenue platform delivering consistent value
to clients and to the Group.

OUR UNIQUE COMBINATION OF RETAIL STORES, GARAGES AND MOBILE VANS HAS
ENABLED US TO ACQUIRE NEW CUSTOMERS...

Fusion: unlocking the full power of the Halfords ecosystem
+ Seamlessly connects Retail, Garages and Mobile operations at a local level, delivering a truly integrated customer experience and
leveraging the full power of the Halfords brand.

+ Transforms the customer journey by combining physical assets, digital technology, and service expertise — making specialist
motoring support more convenient and accessible than ever.

+ Unlocks higher-margin Service, Maintenance and Repair “SMR” opportunities — especially in legacy tyre-focused sites — through
enhanced garage leadership, same-day bookings, and increased capacity.

+ Strengthens customer relationships by enabling seamless referrals between Retail and Autocentres, supported by Motoring Club
membership and rich data insights. Fusion sites play a vital role in fostering cross-shop behaviour, driving personalisation,
retention, and lifetime value.

+ Accelerated rollout delivered 50 Fusion sites to date, with performance significantly exceeding expectations: Fusion locations
achieve on average double site-level profitability.

* Delivers rapid return on investment targeting payback in c.2 years, underlining the strength and scalability of the model.

+ Provides a scalable platform for future growth: ongoing rollout in FY26 and FY27 will consolidate consumer garages under a single
Halfords Garage Services brand, building a national SMR led network differentiated by convenience, expertise, and breadth of
service.

Fusion ecosystem
Fusion seamlessly integrates Halfords’ unique combination of assets, driving returns greater than the sum of their parts

Retail
Our 373 retail stores and single group website generate millions of service interactions annually

Group data
Access to contact details for owners of around a third of vehicles in the UK’s ageing car parc, with a unique ability to utilise data to
convert and retain customers within the Halfords ecosystem

B2B
Our B2B partnerships with fleet operators provide a stable, recurring revenue stream.

Garages and Mobile
With 542 garages and 280 vans we have scale to deliver Motoring Services nationally.

Avayler technology
Dedicated market-leading motoring service technology platform

THAT STAY WITH US THROUGHOUT THEIR LIFETIME

Halfords Motoring Club is a membership programme which aims to help customers save money and take the hassle out of
maintaining their vehicles.

Halfords Motoring Club significantly enhances our unique market position to effortlessly support the majority of a customer's automotive
needs across retail stores, garages, and mobile fitting services.

Since inception in 2022, Halfords Motoring Club has resonated strongly with our customers, growing to over 5m members in just 3
years. Club members shop twice as often and are more likely to experience both our retail and garages offer, with a higher Net
Promoter Score (“NPS”) than non-members.

Our free membership provides an important route towards higher value Premium memberships, with more than half of Premium
members initially taking out a free subscriptions before upgrading.

Premium membership is our paid for model, offering customers a free MOT alongside other benefits. Motoring Club members are now
responsible for more than 50% of the MOTs taking place in our garages.

Premium members spend more than three times the amount of a non-member annually and drive c.£18m of annual subscription
revenue.

Halfords Motoring Club offers unparalleled levels of customer and automotive insight, helping to predict customers needs and keep
them safe. With convenience at the heart of automotive ownership, our club proposition will support our long-term goal of simplifying
car ownership.

5 million 370k £18m

members Premium members annual subscription revenue
Premium member average spend 51% Premium retention rate

3x of MOTs booked by Halfords Motoring c.70%

that of a non-member Club members

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIR’S STATEMENT

FY25 performance

With challenges in our end markets and several years of inflationary headwinds, our focus in FY25 was on controlling the controllables:
focusing on our customers, driving efficiency in our operations, and improving the underlying profitability of the business. The numbers
reported for FY25 represent an excellent result in difficult conditions, delivering growth on our bottom line despite £33m of inflationary
headwinds. | am particularly pleased with the progress we have made on strategic initiatives including rolling out our Fusion motoring
services offer, with a more noticeable impact on profitability over time as we convert additional locations.

The Halfords of today is vastly different to the business | joined seven years ago, not just in scale but nature: almost 80% of revenue is
now from Motoring products and services, 52% is generated from services and almost a third is from B2B. There is no question that
this strategy has succeeded in making the business more resilient; however, | am confident that there remain many opportunities to
generate value from our widely recognised brand, unique retail and garages footprint, leading omnichannel proposition and access to
extensive customer and vehicle data.

Leadership

| was pleased to welcome Henry Birch to the Group as CEO in April 2025, and | along with the Board have every confidence that he is
the right person to unlock these opportunities for sustainably profitable growth. Henry already understands the business well and | look
forward to hearing his vision for the future later in the year. For now, he is focused on delivering the Group's plans for FY26 and
optimising the unique assets in the Halfords business.

| would also like to thank Graham Stapleton for his contribution during his seven years at the helm, in particular for driving forward the
services-led strategy which has re-positioned the business to where it is today.

Colleagues

None of this would be possible without the hard work, skill and dedication of our colleagues. We are proud to employ over 12,000
people across the UK — in our stores, garages, mobile vans, logistics facilities and support centre — and | want to thank each of them
for their contribution in what has been another demanding year.

We are particularly mindful of the increasingly difficult conditions faced by our colleagues on the front line. Incidents of violence and
abuse in stores have risen significantly, and we are doing everything we can to keep our teams safe.

We have implemented additional safety measures, including the introduction of body-worn cameras, and we will continue to invest in
colleague wellbeing and protection in the years ahead.

On behalf of the Board, | would also like to extend our heartfelt sympathies to the families, friends and teammates of two colleagues
who, tragically, lost their lives at work this year.

Dividend

The Group has a clearly defined dividend policy which targets dividend cover in the range of 1.5x to 2.5x by Underlying Profit After Tax.
In light of this year’s robust performance, the Board proposes a final dividend of 5.8 pence per share, bringing the full year dividend to
8.8 pence per share.

Outlook
Looking ahead, we remain focused in the short term on optimising our valuable and differentiated asset base to deliver returns
regardless of the external environment.

The economic outlook remains far from rosy: whilst there may be green shoots from falling interest rates, global geopolitical uncertainty
may mean that UK consumers continue to prioritise saving over discretionary purchases. At the same time, the business faces yet
another year of significant labour cost increases as a result of changes to the minimum wage and National Insurance regime.

However, we have identified levers at our disposal which we believe will mitigate this increased cost. We will continue to invest in our
most promising initiatives, including Fusion and Halfords Motoring Club, whilst ensuring we have the right systems in place to leverage
maximum value from our data and operations. We have a clear strategy, a talented team, and following the excellent progress made in
FY285, an even stronger financial position. While there is further to go, | am confident that Halfords is on the right path and will ultimately
be successful in creating long-term value for all our stakeholders.

Keith Williams
Chair

25 June 2025

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT

| would like to begin by thanking every single Halfords colleague for their truly exceptional efforts in delivering the FY25 results that we
are announcing today. These results represent a fantastic outcome against a challenging backdrop, which included a 10% increase in
the National Living Wage, low consumer confidence driving elevated savings rates and weak discretionary spending, and ongoing
geopolitical uncertainty. Despite this backdrop, we delivered like-for-like sales growth of 2.5%, a 250bps increase in our gross margin
and a further £35m of cost savings. Combined, these results have enabled underlying profit before tax to increase by 6.4% to £38.4m,
even after the reinstatement of performance-based colleague incentives, reflecting the strong progress made during the year. We have
converted 28 garages to our Fusion format since our interim results announcement, taking the total number of Fusion garages trading
to 50, and acquired our 5 millionth Halfords Motoring Club member. And we have invested significantly in leadership capability,
positioning us for further success in the years ahead.

Halfords’ differentiated ecosystem

In my first set of results as chief executive of Halfords, | wanted to outline what attracted me to this fantastic business. As the leading
provider of motoring and cycling products and services in the UK, Halfords offers customers an unmatched level of service, expertise
and convenience through its national network of retail stores, autocentres and mobile vans. It is this combination of assets which
makes the business truly differentiated as a motoring services provider, with the benefits clear to see in the first wave of Fusion towns
delivered over the last 12 months. Halfords’ trusted brand, developed over more than a century, is instantly recognisable to millions of
customers who in turn provide us with data on nearly half the UK car parc. This combination of category leadership, a strong and
trusted brand underpinned by a responsible approach to doing business, a scaled physical and digital operating infrastructure, 12,000
committed colleagues and unrivalled data is what makes us both unique and, | believe, capable of significant growth and value
creation.

| have spent my first 10 weeks getting under the skin of the Halfords business: spending time in our stores, garages and distribution
centres to experience our operations in action, conducting deep dives into each business unit, and understanding what makes Halfords
really tick. | have been made to feel very welcome by every single colleague | have met to date, and it's clear that our people are at the
heart of what makes Halfords so unique — through their passion, expertise, and commitment to serving our customers to the highest
possible standard, every single day. This gives me a great deal of optimism as | look to the future of Halfords as a truly data-driven,
digitally enabled business with the needs of customers at our core.

The strategy, put in place by my predecessor Graham Stapleton, remains the right one, and | would like to pay tribute to him for the
critical role he played in taking Halfords from a traditional, store-based retailer to a business deriving more than half of its revenue from
services, with an emphasis on less-discretionary B2B and motoring categories. My priority is to optimise the Halfords business by
leveraging its unique strengths to drive profitable growth and enhance returns for shareholders, while continuing to create value for all
stakeholders which includes our strong commitment to our ESG agenda. While there is more to do to realise these benefits to their
fullest potential, | can already see significant opportunities in the business and would like to thank all our colleagues for their ongoing
support through this journey.

Optimising garage services

The results of the investments we are making in both strategic initiatives and operational excellence are becoming apparent in the
profitability of our Autocentres business. The Autocentres segment delivered a 21.2% increase in earnings before interest and tax
compared to last year1 as the Fusion roll out has accelerated and learnings from the programme have informed our approach to talent
acquisition and colleague development more broadly across our garage estate. We have continued to profitably grow our presence in
the highly fragmented and strategically important Service, Maintenance and Repair ("SMR") market, where increasing labour costs
have been reflected in indust ide price increases. The Fusion Motoring Services programme is more than a physical refit of our
garages and retail car parks — it is.a people-led transformation, with changes to the culture and operating model in our garages.
Garage leadership is therefore critical in driving the excellent returns we have seen in the 50 sites delivered to date, with garage-level
contribution on track to double on average at maturity, delivering an average payback period of just two years. We continue to see
scope for c.150 Fusion garages in total. We have budgeted for at least 60 Fusion conversions in FY26 taking the total number trading
by the end of the year to more than 100, with the remainder to follow in FY27.

Integral to the Fusion programme are more rigorous recruitment and induction processes for centre managers which are now being
introduced across our wider garage business. In locations where leaders have been brought into the business using these processes,
we have seen an increased emphasis on customer experience, high quality standards and better identification of additional services
required to improve vehicle safety and performance, resulting in improved profitability and reduced colleague turnover. This cultural
shift is driving mix into higher margin SMR work, and when combined with increased servicing capacity and referrals from store through
the Fusion programme, results in the significant uplifts in site-level profitability that we have reported to date.

Having reflected the increased labour costs introduced by last year's Autumn Budget in our forecasts, we have identified a number of
sites which are sub-scale from a profitability perspective and as such cannot be reconfigured to offer the level of customer experience
to which we aspire. These sites are also often located close to another Halfords garage earmarked for Fusion, i.e. with scope to
increase capacity and to offer an improved customer and colleague experience, and as such we have taken the decision to exit them.
The majority of impacted colleagues will be redeployed to nearby Halfords garages and the planned closures will be immediately
earnings accretive.

Further steps to optimise our garage estate are central to our plan for FY26 under the leadership of Adam Pay, who takes over as
Managing Director of Garages next month, joining Halfords from MyCar, Australia’s largest garage group.

Our 828 business continues to provide important diversification and exposure to less discretionary end-markets. The Fusion
programme is increasing our ability to maintain national fleets by adding specialist ramps and extra equipment for servicing light

commercial vehicles and electric vehicles in our consumer garages, and our Commercial Fleet Services (“CFS”) business has
continued to grow its client list having secured new contracts with major national businesses including Seras, Greenergy and Milk &
More.

The activities which take place in our CFS business are considerably higher in risk than those in our retail stores or consumer garages
as much of the activity is at the roadside or relates to HGVs. Very sadly, two of our colleagues working in the CFS business lost their
lives this year, and | would like to offer my sincerest condolences to their loved ones. We work hard to ensure that we implement
effective Health and Safety policies and procedures at all times and across all areas of our business and we also strive to continuously
develop and improve these so that we ensure the safety of our colleagues. We continue to invest in Health and Safety and embed our
culture of safety across the whole business.

Avayler, our proprietary garage management software product, continues to make progress with its flagship US contract with
Bridgestone reaching a key milestone in H1. That contract has progressed beyond testing into pilot phase and is now live in
Bridgestone’s first new-format site in Charlotte, North Carolina. As expected, it remains loss-making (FY25 loss of £2.6m on revenue of
£2.7m; FY24 loss of £1.3m on revenue of £2.3m). One of Avayler’s key North American clients, ATD, entered a Chapter 11 process in
FY25 and as such we do not expect to generate further revenues from that contract in FY26. We will continue to focus our efforts on
successful delivery of our major contracts with garage services businesses worldwide.

Leveraging the retail business

Retail is where the vast majority of customers first interact with our brand and remains responsible for more than half of Group sales.
As such we are delighted to see our store sales returning to growth while recovering gross margin after a challenging few years for the
sector. Our retail offer emphasises specialism, advice and service add-ons, providing a clear point of difference and corresponding
pricing opportunity vs. competitors in this space which are predominantly generalist retailers or online pureplays.

Our motoring services proposition does not reside purely in our garages; in fact, we conduct around 80% of vehicle service events in
the car parks of our retail store estate. Our ability to provide on demand services in-store, including fitting the ‘3Bs’ (bulbs, batteries and
blades), repairing windscreens and conducting basic vehicle checks to identify opportunities for referral to the local garage, is a critical
differentiator in the Halfords model. In fact, more than a third of the 3Bs products purchased in the year were fitted by our in-store
specialists, with the proportion of revenue derived from store-based services increasing in both motoring and cycling. At the same time,
vehicle checks conducted in our retail store car parks allow us to identify additional work which can be booked directly into our local
garage, allowing us to reach customers before our competitors and reduce reliance on paid media, with a corresponding saving in
marketing spend compared to others in the market.

It is our integrated motoring services offer, which also includes our mobile van proposition, which truly differentiates Halfords by
providing customers with the ultimate convenience. Fusion seeks to amplify this critical point of difference versus our competitors, none
of whom can offer customers our unique blend of product, service and expertise through a national network of physical infrastructure in
addition to an effective online presence.

The majority of signups to our 5m-strong Motoring Club, which offers discounted or free MOTs depending on membership tier, take
place either in our retail stores or online. Club membership is associated with positive customer behaviours (frequency, average spend,
cross-shop) and ultimately higher lifetime value, also providing meaningful benefits for our Autocentres by creating a low-cost
acquisition route for high margin SMR work.

Premium membership offers customers enhanced benefits in return for an annual fee and currently generates c.£18m of recurring
annual subscription revenue while driving even more valuable behaviours, with customers spending around 3x as much as non-
members on average. Around half of Premium members start life with a free membership that they subsequently upgrade, further
demonstrating the value of the Club proposition to customers. With further investment into our platform and data capability, | am
excited by the potential that exists in Halfords Motoring Club and the future value it could unlock.

Within our retail markets, in motoring we have continued to invest in our market leading own-brand ranges, notably in car cleaning
where we have further expanded our ‘Halfords Advanced’ range, offering customers exceptional value for money for a high quality
product. We have supplemented this with additional breadth in branded premium cleaning ranges from Autoglym and Chemical Guys.
Dash cams are a great example of a product category where the customer benefits from our specialist knowledge and service
capability alongside an extensive product range, performing strongly in the year with over half of the units sold also being fitted in store.

In the cycling market, assisted by warm spring weather, we have seen positive signs of recovery in recent months. The cycling market
has faced numerous challenges in recent years. Products are manufactured on long lead times and the industry found itself with
significant excess inventory when the pandemic boom gave way to a cost-of-living crisis and associated collapse in demand that has
persisted for some time.Halfords’ inventory has been well-managed throughout; however, the industry has been highly promotional
through a period of consolidation. While our cycling business has undoubtedly been impacted by these factors, our scale in the market
and focus on exclusive brands has enabled us to be more disciplined in our promotional activity while increasing our market share in
the post-pandemic period1

We have also continued to invest in new product development, stretching our Boardman brand into more premium product ranges
where demand has been more resilient, growing our Cycle2Work business, and all-the-while maintaining our strong position in the
adult leisure segment, as well as in kids’ bikes where our sales are around two-thirds of the market in volume terms. With our market
leading position, championing active travel is an important aspect of our ESG strategy. In FY25 we partnered with sustainable transport
organisation, Sustrans, to conduct research into the barriers to active travel for children and their families and are using the findings to
influence the UK Government's Cycling and Walking Investment Strategy which is currently being updated. Cycling remains a core part
of our portfolio, and we are optimistic about our prospects in a market with some very clear recovery drivers over the mid- to long-term.

| continue to believe there is scope to generate significantly improved profit from our retail business as revenue growth returns,
particularly online but also by improving our store experience for customers. | am delighted to be welcoming Jess Frame as our
Managing Director of Retail in the coming months. Jess brings 20 years of senior leadership experience in Retail and Consumer,
including most recently as Managing Partner of Boston Consulting Group's London office. | look forward to working with her and am
very confident in her ability to take our retail business to the next level.

Driving cost and efficiency

The challenging market conditions we have faced in recent years have required significant cost savings to be made in the business,
with c.£70m of savings delivered in the three years to FY24. While our success in the past makes incremental savings more
challenging to find, the team delivered another £35m of efficiencies in FY25 to broadly offset the £33m of inflation running through the
business in the year. The key initiatives behind this result are largely as described in our interim results and we are delighted to see
these programmes going from strength to strength. As a reminder:

+ Our Better Buying programme, now in its second year, contributed £21m of incremental gross profit as we leveraged stronger
partnerships with a smaller number of key suppliers.

* The restructuring of our tyre supply chain announced at the start of the year, with wholesale tyre operations outsourced to Bond
International, resulting in more than £4.4m of cost saved alongside improved same- and next-day availability across our garage
network.

+ Disciplined working capital management resulted in a higher average cash balance through the period and correspondingly lower
interest charge, down £2.2m year-on-year. We consequently ended the period with net cash of £10.1m (excluding IFRS16 lease
debt), an improvement of £18.2m in our closing position.

Current trading

The positive trading momentum in some categories in the final quarter of FY25 continued into the new financial year, helped by warm
spring weather and a late Easter. However, trends have varied across our markets — for example, the Cycling market has performed
very strongly but the Tyres market has exhibited further declines.

Outlook®

As | look ahead to FY26, | am cautiously optimistic: optimistic because of the unique position Halfords has in the market, the
differentiated nature of our eco-system, and the commitment of our colleagues to realising the business's full potential; but cautious
because of continued macroeconomic uncertainty and its impact on the way our customers feel about spending their money. While
inflation appears to be moderating and interest rates are falling, the negative outlook for employment and the impact of geopolitical
instability continues to weigh on confidence and is keeping the savings ratio high despite rising real incomes. However, the year has
started as expected and with levers including pricing strategy and further buying synergies we expect to be able to mitigate the
substantial cost headwinds that we face in the year ahead.

We have also experienced challenges during the deployment of a new third-party warehouse management system into our second
distribution centre ("DC") in Coventry following its successful implementation in our Washford DC earlier in the year. While the issues.
have been well-managed with only limited disruption to stock availability in our stores, our contingency plans have resulted in non-
recurring additional costs to the business. We continue to work with the system provider to optimise performance and return the site to
full productivity, which we expect to achieve before the end of H1.

Our plans in FY26 focus on maximising the returns from our existing asset base while investing in our platform to unlock the value of
our unique combination of assets. Our investment programme will prioritise:

* Continuation of priority initiatives from FY25, including further roll out of Fusion to more than 100 locations in total and
improvements to our Motoring Club;

+ Investment to improve customer experience, including in our contact centre and digital channels; and,
* Preparatory work to support implementation of a new ERP system in the business.

As a result of the factors described above, including the additional costs incurred in H1 in relation to the new warehouse management
system, FY26 profit before tax is expected to be weighted to H2.

FY26 capex is expected to be in the region of £60m to £70m, including the cost of the continued Fusion roll out. This increase in capital
expenditure, together with payment of the FY25 colleague bonus, results in a forecast reduction in free cash flow year on year with
FY26 net debt to EBITDA expected to fall comfortably within the target range of 0.0x to 0.8x excluding leases.

In the coming months, | intend to spend more time identifying priority areas for optimisation in the business where | can see the most
significant opportunities to unlock future value. My early impressions suggest that technology and data are strong candidates here, but
| plan to update the market with a more comprehensive assessment when we release our interim results later in the year.

Henry Birch
Chief Executive Officer

25 June 2025

1. Underlying Autocentres EBIT ex-Avayler, which was separated to operate as a standalone business distinct from the Halfords
Group in FY24.