Halfords Icknield Street Telephone: Web: ll if

Drive 01527 Halfords.com
Group Washford 517601 @) OK iS}
pic West

Redditch

Worcestershire

B98 ODE
Companies House
Crown Way
Cardiff
CF14 3UZ

11 September 2026

Dear Sir/Madam,

Halfords Group Plc (04457314)

Please find enclosed, in respect of Halfords Group plc a signed copy of the annual report and
accounts of the Company as approved at the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 10
September 2026.

Yours faithfully,

Helen Tyrrell
Deputy Company Secretary
Halfords Group pic

FA

14/09/2026 #175
COMPANIES HOUSE

MONDAY

Registered Office:
Icknield Street Drive
Washford West
Redditch
B98 ODE
Registered in England & Wales No. 04457314
Classification: Restricted

LETTER FROM THE CEO

KEEPING THE
NATION MOVING

Building on a 130-year heritage as a motoring and
cycling retailer, the Halfords of today is the UK's
only national motoring platform, spanning retail,
garages, mobile services, digital capability and

a significant B2B business.

Our unrivalled scale and capability give us a
powerful advantage, with more than 12,500 helpful
and knowledgeable colleagues keeping more than
20 million customers on the road each year.

Over the better part of a decade the Group has evolved:
we have expanded our services capability and grown our
B2B proposition to create a stronger and more resilient
business for the future. Our priority now is unlocking the
full potential of the platform we've created: starting with
the Optimise phase of our Fit for the Future strategy,

we will deliver improved profitability and shareholder
returns through renewed customer focus and greater
operational discipline.

But underneath all this change, we are guided by an
updated corporate purpose which reflects what has
been in our DNA for more than a century: we keep the
nation moving with trusted experts who love to help.

Henry Birch
Chief Executive Officer

INSIDE THIS REPORT

A UNIQUE COMBINATION

OF REASONS TO INVEST IN THE BUSINESS

> Read more pages 4-5

Group overview

2 Strategic roadmap

3 Group highlights

4 Investment case

6 — OurGroup ata glance

Strategic report

8 — Chair's statement

10 Chief Executive Officer's statement
13 Q&Awith our CEO

14 Market review

16 Business model

18 Our strategy

23. Ourkey performance indicators

26 Chief Financial Officer's statement
30 Our.engagement with stakeholders
32. Section 172(1) statement

34 ESG

44 Heaithand safety

46 Climate-related financial disclosures
53 Risk management

54 Principal risks

59 Viability statement

Governance

60 Governance at a glance

62 Board of Directors

64 Executive Team

65 Governance in action

66 Corporate governance report
78 Nomination Committee report
82 ESG Committee report

84 Audit Committee report

90 Remuneration Committee report
115 Directors’ report

120. Directors’ responsibilities

WITH OUR CEO
> Read morepage 13

ASTRATEGY

THAT'S FIT FOR THE FUTURE
> Read more pages 18-22

Financial statements
121 Independent Auditor's report to the
members of Halfords Group ple

130 Consolidated income statement

131 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

132 Consolidated statement
of financial position

133 Consolidated statement of changes
in shareholders’ equity

134 Consolidated statement of cash flows

135 Notes to the consolidated
statement of cash flows

136 Accounting policies

145 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

174 Company balance sheet

175 Company statement of changes
in shareholders’ equity

176 Accounting policies

177 Notes to the Company
financial statements

Shareholder information
182 Five-year record

183 Glossary of alternative
performance measures

1BC Company information

Our integrated report

This is our twelfth integrated report

and is designed to provide a concise
‘overview of how we generate value for all
stakeholders. By following an integrated
reporting model, we aim to show how our
competitive advantage is sustainable in the
short, medium, and long term. Whilst this
report focuses on value generation for our
shareholders, it also demonstrates how
we interact with all stakeholders.

Corporate website

Catch up with our latest news and learn more
about Halfords on our corporate website:

www.halfordscompany.com

Latestresults

See the latest investor presentation
on our corporate website:
www.halfordscompany.com

Online Annual Report
Read our Annual Report online:

www.halfordscompany.com/investors/

annual-report/

Annual Report and Accounts for the period encled 3 April 2026 HALFORDS GROUP PLC.

M3IA83A0 dNOoXD

GROUP OVERVIEW

STRATEGIC ROADMAP

Our updated purpose reflects the unique benefit that Halfords brings
to the nation at large, as well as the valued role our colleagues play
in helping customers to go about their daily lives.

Our purpose
We keep the nation moving
with trusted experts who love to help.

Scan or click to read

more about our purpose
www.halfordscompany.com/about-us/
our-purpose-led-framework/

Our vision
To be the nation’s first choice
for motoring and cycling.

Our strategy: Fit for the Future Read more pages 18-22

Building near-term value | Driving structural Expanding reach and

through disciplined and efficiency and enabling taking advantage of

focused execution. future growth. operating leverage.

~0-24 months ~12 - 36 months ~36+ months
Our culture
Halfords is building a people-centred, inclusive and performance-driven culture, where clear expectations, Read more
strong leadership and colleague engagement fuel sustainable value for customers and shareholders. page 70
Our values
One Halfords family Wow our customers Be better every day Pride in expertise .
Our approach to ESG
Focused on the areas where Halfords can make a real difference > Readmore
and create lasting value for our planet, customers and people. pages 34-43

2 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026

GROUP HIGHLIGHTS

FY26 is a 53-week period ended 3 April 2026. The comparative period

is 52 weeks to 28 March 2025. To aid comparability, the headline results,
associated commentary, and percentage changes are presented on a 52-week
basis, as Alternative Performance Measures”, unless otherwise stated.

Revenue (like-for-like growth) Underlying profit before tax** Dividend per share
+4,8% +4.1% +0.2p

FY26 £1,733m = | FY26 £45.4m | FY26 9.0p
FY25 £1,654m FY25 £43.6m FY25 8.8p
FY24 £1,641m FY24 £41,.8m FY24 8.0p
Reported profit / (loss) before tax Group Net Promoter Score Scope 1 and 2 emissions

(% vs FY20 baseline)

+£73.6m_ (+0.8 points |-18%

FY26 (53 weeks) £43.6m FY26 68.3points | FY26 40,926 tonnes
{€30.0m) = FY25 FY25 67.5 points | FY25 33,932 tonnes
FY24 £38.8m FY24 65.6 points FY20 50,180 tonnes

Our year in review

With a new management team in place and having set outa
new strategy, our progress in the “Optimise” phase has been
strong and has contributed to FY26 profit coming in at the
upper end of the range expected by the market. Underlying
profit before tax grew by more than 4% dlespite inflationary
headwinds, with gross margin reaching the highest level in a
decade. This performance supported an increase of 0.2p in
the final dividend in line with our capital allocation priorities.

We believe our approach is effective in creating value for all
stakeholders. Our service and advice-led proposition continues
to resonate with customers, reflected in a further improvement
in our Net Promoter Score to 68.3 and membership of more
than 6 million in the Halfords Motoring Club. This performance
is a testament to the professionalism and commitment of our
12,500 colleagues. We are also investing in the next generation
of trusted experts through our growing apprenticeship
programme, with 167 new technician apprentices joining

the business this year. Alongside this, we have made strong
progress against our ESG goals. Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions
have risen this year, but we have prioritised initiatives that
drive absolute reductions in our emissions, improve our
energy security and have favourable payback periods and

we are confident that we will meet our near-term target.

+ The Alternative Performance Measures are defined and explained in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 183-186 along with a reconciliation to
statutory measures. Further detail setting out the background to the Alternative Performance Measuresis given in the Group accounting policies on pages 136-144
of the financial statements. The definition of non-underlying items is included in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 148-149.

In the current period the Group revised its policy in relation to non-underlying items relating to the amortisation of intangibles acquired as part of business combinations
and has restated comparative financial information {including for FY24) to reflect this change. Amortisation of intangibles acquired as part of business combinationsis
now treated as a non-underlying item and the change therefore increases underlying profit before tax by this amount.

Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026 HALFORDS GROUP PLC. 3

M3IAN3AO dNOwD

GROUP OVERVIEW

INVESTMENT CASE

Anew management team and updated strategy are driving improved
returns for shareholders, unlocking the value of our broad-based market
leadership and differentiated service-led proposition.

Trusted brand

Attractive markets

We operate in structurally attractive markets and have grown
our exposure to needs-based products and services over time,
reducing our exposure to volatility in consumer demand.

Incycling, we are the clear market leader. The market has consolidated
during a period of weak demand and excess inventory post-pandemic,
which has strengthened our position as volumes recover. Our
in-house design capability, established own-brands and presence
across the price spectrum including via the Tredz business mean
that we can win in growing categories such as e-bikes.

Read more on pages 14-15

The motoring market is highly fragmented and dominated

by independent service providers, with a significant opportunity
for a recognisable brand with a differentiated customer proposition
to grow share, Our store-based fitting services and Halfords
Mobile Expert vans are unique in their ability to meet growing
demand from “do-it-for-me” customers who demand convenience
and in the long term we see a clear opportunity to be the leader

in electric vehicle servicing.

More than

50%

of all bikes sold in the UK are from Halfords

Why it matters
More resilient income streams

With market leading positions across Motoring and Cycling,
we combine product authority with a service advantage that
sets us apart in a competitive landscape.

Our strong brand, national scale and customer reach provide

a platform for sustained growth, enabling us to build on our core
strengths while selectively extending into adjacent markets
over the longer term,

year brand heritage

Why it matters
Sustainable, long-term growth opportunity

Unrivalled scale

With around 1,650 fixed and mobile locations nationwide,
our unrivalled physical footprint supports convenient. local
service delivery and unique showroom capability for our products.

This physical advantage is complemented by an effective
digital platform that enables customers to research, book
and buy seamlessly across channels, underpinning a truly
omnichannel proposition.

of UK households within 15 minutes of a Halfords

Why it matters
Leading the market both on and offline
driving conversion and growth

4 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026

Underpinned by our strategy
> Read more about our new strategy pages 18-22

Structural and
financial resilience

Our capital allocation framework prioritises a strong balance
sheet, which has served the business well during recent periods
of market turbulence and high inflation.

Read more in the CFO's statement pages 26-29

The business is consistently cash generative and pays a regular
dividend which is covered between 1.5x and 2.5x by underlying
profit after tax.

In recent years the proportion of revenue derived from service-
related activity has risen to more than half of the Group total,
while B2B revenues, which tend to be contracted and hence
more stable, are almost one-third.

£19.1m

of reported net cash closing FY26

Why it matters
Balance sheet resilience
and regular returns to shareholders

Service, advice
and expertise

Our 12,500 skilled colleagues are central to our differentiated
proposition, combining technical capability with trusted advice
that helps customers keep moving safely.

We deliver this expertise at scale through our nationwide network
of stores and garages, with many services available on demand.
Appointments can also be booked in advance online, including
for our Halfords Mobile Expert vans which offer customers the
ultimate convenience at their home or workplace.

Colleagues spend more than

10m

hours annually providing
service and advice
to our customers

Why it matters.
Margin-rich revenue streams
and competitive advantage

Data and technology opportunity

We hold owner details for around 12 million vehicles
and have more than 6 million Halfords Motoring Club
members. By strengthening our digital journeys and
making it easier to research, book and buy, we can
grow lifetime value across our customer base.

Technology, including Al, will help us to get the most out
of the rich customer and vehicle data we already hold.
Personalisation and smarter next-best-action tools will
improve marketing effectiveness and conversion, while
predictive insights will support proactive servicing and
better workshop capacity management. In parallel. richer
analytics can sharpen ranging, pricing and promotion
decisions, improving availability and relevance locally
and online.

vehicle records, equivalent
to one-third of the UK car parc

Why it matters
Improved productivity, lifetime value
and sustainable future growth

Annual Report and Accounts for the period encled 3 April 2026 HALFORDS GROUP PLC

5

M3IAUZAO dNOYwD

GROUP OVERVIEW

OUR GROUP AT A GLANCE

The Halfords customer proposition is completely unique in the UK and Ireland,
bringing together motoring and cycling products and services at a truly national scale.

The nation's choice
Asingle provider for

all motoring needs

In Motoring, customers can access
advice from our knowledgeable
colleagues alongside a wide range
of vehicle checks and fitting services
which are not available anywhere
else, on demand in our 370 retail
stores. Where more complex
servicing needs are identified,
customers can be booked into one
of 496 local Halfords garages for a
low-effort solution from a trusted
national brand.

Out front in cycling

In cycling we are the clear market
leader, with a breadth of offer that
spans all customer needs - from
our trusted, great value own-brands
such as Apollo and Carrera, through
the award winning Boardman range,
toa comprehensive selection of
branded performance bikes and
accessories available via Tredz.

Powering journeys

12,500

colleagues

20m

customers

6.5m

Halfords Motoring Club
members

250

Halfords Mobile Expert vans

550

Commercial Fleet
Services vans

Retail stores

370 Halfords Retail and two Tredz stores
offer a wide range of motoring and cycling
products and on-demand services. InFY26,
5.5 million service events took place in our
retail store car parks.

Consumer garages

We operate a national network of 496.
consumer garages providing customers
with MOTs, servicing, repair and tyres. 103
of these are Fusion sites, with increased
capacity and a new operating mode!
typically doubling garage-level profit

Halfords Mobile Expert

Our c.250 mobile vans provide customers
with the ultimate convenience, performing
tyre and now servicing jobs at a location of
their choosing. Around a third of these mobile.
vans now have the latest battery powered
servicing equipment helping us to reduce
our running costs and emissions.

Commercial Fleet Services
CFS is the largest and only truly national
commercial truck tyre services provider,
delivering tyre management and 24-hour
breakdown services via its network of 92
depots and c.550 mobile vans.

6 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026

Integrated web platform
Amaodern, scalable digital platform that
connects products, services and customer
clata to deliver seamless journeys,

improve conversion and drive long-term
customer value.

Customer contact centre
Aconnected, multi-channel support
service combining expert colleagues and
digital capability to deliver fast, informed
and effective customer resolution.

Distribution centre network
Frequent deliveries from our three
national distribution centres ensure stock
availability in our stores. These distribution
centres also fulfil home delivery orders

via third-party carriage partnerships.

Avayler

Our proprietary garage management
technology-to-garage software solution,
with key business customers in North
‘America and Australia.

Our national footprint

370 496

retail stores consumer garages
mobile hubs commercial depots

A proposition that delivers for customers

Keeping the nation moving... _...with trusted experts...

>85% > >10m

of the UK population is within 15 minutes colleague hours deployed every
of a Halfords, with services availableon year providing service and advice
demand or at a convenient alternative to customers.

location via Halfords Mobile Expert.

Our business today
Froma traditional motoring and
cycling retailer a decade ago, we
have evolved into a consumer and
B2B services-focused business
with a greater emphasis on motoring.

Motoring

Our goalis to become the definitive
destination for all motoring needs. By
creating a seamless journey across
online, garage, mobile and in-store
touchpoints, we are building an
ecosystem that supports drivers through
every stage of vehicle ownership.

Services

Our Autocentres segment has
grown significantly, resulting ina
larger proportion of revenue derived
from services. However, around 80%
of service events take place in our
retail car parks, and the checks and
fitting services we provide in store
represent a critical differentiator
versus other retailers.

B2B

Our 828 operations, encompassing
fleet services, CFS, Cycle2Work,
Trade Card and Avayler, broaden our
addressable market and deliver a
growing base of recurring, contracted
revenues that are more resilient to.
fluctuations in consumer demand.

FY26 reported revenue:
£1,801.7m
79% 21%
Motoring Cycling
52% 48%
Services Product
30% 70%
B2B Consumer

..who love to help

68.3

is a market leading Net Promoter Score,
demonstrating how much customers
valve their interactions with our people.

Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026 HALFORDS GROUP PLC.

7

M3IAYZAO dNOwd

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

Sector-wide transformation

‘As lapproach the end of my tenure as Chair,
it feels ike an appropriate moment to reflect
on how far Halfords has come in recent
years and to look ahead to the opportunities
that remain,

When I took on the role in 2018, the shift
reshaping retail was already clear: rapid
technological change was facilitating a sector-
wide shift towards an omnichannel model
blending the convenience of online with an
increasingly experiential in-store proposition
‘and growing customer expectation that
things would be done for them.

The sector has had to adapt at pace while
contending with persistent inflation across
almost every cost line, from raw materials
to labour costs. For a business with a
130-year heritage and a large workforce,
implementing the scale of change required
is a complex task, touching almost every
element of what we do,

Adapting to change

However, a business does not exist for

130 years by accident, and Halfords once
againrose to the challenge. As a result

the Halfords of today is far more service
orientated, responding to the demands of
the modern consumer in its retail stores as
wellas its Autocentres business. Initiatives
such as Halfords Motoring Club have brought
us closer to the customers we serve, and
the insights we have developed, combined
with a strong focus on delivery. are helping
us to improve the customer experience.

The Halfords of today is far more service
orientated, responding to the demands

of the modern consumer in its retail stores
as well as its Autocentres business.”

Keith Williams
Chair

Successive management teams and
boards can be proud of how the business
has responded and of the progress made.
Above all, that progress is down to colleagues
in our stores, garages, mobile vans, logistics
facilities and Support Centre who have
embraced change and continued to serve
customers with expertise and care.

Poised for recovery

Having weathered the challenging external
environment of the last few years, in FY26
Halfords has regained momentum. The
benefits of the self-help undertaken within
the business are increasingly evident across
both the Retail anc Autocentres operations,
and Halfords is well positioned in the event
of a consumer recovery with a resilient
model and clear strategic direction.

Looking ahead to FY27, there is much

to be positive about. The Group's brand,
store and garage footprint and increasingly
capable omnichannel proposition give us a
‘strong platform to meet customers wherever
they choose to engage. As the balance
between product and service continues

to evolve, our opportunity is to make it
simpler for customers to keep moving

on two wheels or four, with knowledgeable
colleagues enabled by data-driven insight
and developing technology.

Statement on Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006

The Directors have had regard to their duties under Section 172 of the Companies
Act 2006 throughout the year. The Board considers the long-term consequences
ofits decisions and the interests of the Group's key stakeholders in promoting the
long-term success of the Company. The Board reviews stakeholder engagement
mechanisms regularly and ensures that stakeholder perspectives are understood
and taken into account in Board discussions and decision-making.

Further details of stakeholder engagement, sustainability matters, risk management
and the Board's governance and decision-making framework are set out on pages

30-31, 34-43 and 53 of this Annual Report.

8 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026

Capital allocation and dividend
Under Henry's leadership, we have built

a strong Executive Team to lead Halfords
through the next phase of its journey,

enabled by a robust and well-managed
balance sheet which remains our number one
priority within the capital allocation framework
communicated in November. Within that
framework, M&A has heen deprioritised in
the first three years of the plan while our
dividend policy remains unchanged, allowing
for a payment of a dividend covered 1.5x to
2.5x by underlying profit after tax. Reflecting
FY26 performance and our confidence in

the outlook, the Board recommends a final
dividend of 6p per share, bringing the full-
year dividend to 9p per share.

Looking to the future

The pace of change in our markets will not
slow. Customers will continue to expect
convenience, advice and friendly service,
moving seamlessly between digital and
physical channels. Our task is to continue
optimising our differentiated asset base
and building the capabilities that allow us
to deliver great service at scale, whatever
the external environment.

We remain mindful of pressure on household
budgets, the risk of renewed inflation or
supply disruption, and uncertainty from
global geopolitical developments and

will continue to manage our business
responsibly while refining our customer
proposition and supporting our colleagues.

Jam confident Halfords has the right
strategy and leadership to succeed: a more
balanced, service-led model; a stronger,
increasingly data-informed relationship with
customers; and talented team in all parts
of the business, While there is always more
todo, the progress made in recent years
means we enter FY27 froma position of
strength. On behalf of the Board, | thank all
our stakeholders for their continued support
as we build long-term, sustainable value.

Keith Williams
Chair

24 June 2026

KEEPING THE NATION MOVING

EQUIPPI

EVERY ADVENTURE

Cycling is a vital part of our business
and a category where we demonstrate
clear market leadership.

We sell more than half of all bikes in the UK and are the
only specialist cycling retailer with the ability to showroom
‘our market leading own-brands, including Apollo, Carrera
and Boardman, nationwide.

Under the leadership of a newly created Cycling Director
role spanning Halfords and Tredz, our Cycling business
is a brilliant example of our category management
approach in action, moving beyond a traditional
product-led buying model to a customer-led, end-to-end
approach incorporating deliberate range design and
effective trading plans.

Our proven ability to bring new cycling products to market
quickly and consistently will be integral to our success

in the growing e-bike market, where we see significant
‘opportunity to grow share and deliver sustainable returns
with quality products designed in house. prioritising
reliability and performance across the price spectrum.

>50%

of all bikes sold in the UK are bought from Halfords

Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026 HALFORDS GROUP PLC.

9

180d3¥ DIDSLVYLS

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER'S STATEMENT

These results show that our
Optimise initiatives are gaining
traction, with disciplined execution
beginning to translate into

improved financ

Henry Birch
Chief Executive Officer

lam very pleased with our performance in FY26. In November last year we set out our

“Fit for the Future” strategy with a clear plan for delivery and even at this early stage are
showing good progress on each of the delivery metrics we set out: like-for-like ("LfL") sales
growth for the year was 4.8%, operating margin was stable despite substantial inflationary
headwinds, underlying profit before tax (‘PBT’) increased by c.4%', and return on capital
employed ("ROCE") improved by 160bps to reach 14.2%?, These results show that our
Optimise initiatives are starting to gain traction, with disciplined execution beginning

to translate into improved financial outcomes.

Target outcome FY26 result’ Status
LfL sales growth 4.8% v
Underlying operating 3.2% -
margin expansion Flat year on year ("YoY"

Progression in £45.4m y
underlying PBT +4.1% YoY

ROCE growing to 14.2%? v
exceed cost of capital +160bps YoY

We have delivered this progress within the guardrails of our updated capital allocation
framework, which prioritises balance sheet strength and organic investment alongside
shareholder returns, with payment of a dividend that is 1.5 to 2.5 times covered by underlying
profit after tax. We ended the year with net cash on our balance sheet, deployed capital
expenditure within the £55m to £65m target range communicated and continued to manage
our costs wellin a period of elevated labour inflation. Our prudent balance sheet has served

us wellin the past, and recent geopolitical instability reinforces why this remains the right approach.

None of this would be possible without the commitment, skill and professionalism of
colleagues across the business, from technicians in our garages and specialists in our
stores to the teams building our digital, data and category capabilities. | want to thank them
not only for the service they provide to our customers every day, but also for the ownership
they show in doing the right thing for customers and for the energy they have brought to
this next phase of Halfords’ evolution,

Driving utilisation in garages

Autocentres delivered another strong year, with LfL sales ex-Avayler up 5.8% and ex-Avayler
52-week operating profit up £4.0m to £22.3m, an increase of more than 20% from the
prior year. The largest component of this reporting segments our consumer garages
business, which delivered faster growth than Autocentres overall with c.8% LIL sales
growth alongside a meaningful improvement in profitability. This reflected growth in
service, maintenance and repair (‘SMR’) which more than compensated for ongoing
weakness in the tyres market, albeit some signs of stabilisation in that market were

seen towards the end of the year.

10 HALFORDS GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2026

l outcomes.

These financial outcomes in part reflect

the continued rollout of our Fusion model,
which has now reached 103 locations and
continues to deliver the strong returns we
saw in earlier phases of the programme, with
contribution doubling on average once a site
reaches maturity. Through a phased rollout.
we have been able to take our learnings
and iterate our approach to continue to
achieve positive results as the programme
has scaled, With a further c.35 sites to be
completed this year, our attention has turned
towhat comes next. Our experience with the
Fusion programme has taught us a great deal
about how best to drive utilisation, matching
technician hours to service demand at

the local level, alongside what physical
investments provide the strongest returns.
and greatest uplift in customer experience.
We plan to apply the strongest elements of
Fusion more broadly across our estate in
future years, generating attractive returns
but at a lower cost per garage.

Improving utilisation is our uppermost priority
for the Autocentres business. In FY26, we
introduced a wide-ranging programme of
operational excellence initiatives which,

by the fourth quarter, had delivered a YoY
reduction in labour cost as a percentage of
sales, our key utilisation metric. This is all the
more impressive given the wage inflation and
Nationa! Insurance increases the business
has faced: for context, labour cost as a
percentage of sales in the first quarter, before
we acted, had increased significantly YoY.
Better utilisation supports stronger customer
service as wellas higher operating margin and
remains a clear focus as we apply the evolved
model more broadly across the estate.