a halfords =
. alfords ===
for the period ended 3 April 2020

TO INSPIRE
\Ji3] AND SUPPORT A
BB LIFETIME,OF MOTORING
@\ _\ vANDICYCIING,

oo

: , : tein thi.
Halfords is the UK’s leading What's in this Report
; j j foverview)
provider of motoring and cycling
. AYear of Focus and Momentum 01
products and services. Group Highlights 06
Investment Case 08
Group ata Glance 10
Chairman's Statement 12
OUR PU RPOS! E Chief Executive's Statement 14
. * . . "i Strategic] iC] iReport} rt}
To Inspire and Support a Lifetime of motoring and cycling. an
Our Purpose, Values, Strategy
and Culture 20
Our Marketplace 22
How We Create Value 28
OUR VISION Our Strategy 32
Our Key Performance Indicators 40
The super-specialists in motoring and cycling, Our ESG Strategy 44
d by th ti $172(1) Statement 59
trusted by the nation. Chief Financial Officer'sReport 60
Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties 66
© Read more on our purpose Viability Statement 79
and vision on pages 20 to 21.
lOurGover nance]
OUR STRATEGY Board of Directors 82
Directors’ Report 84
Corporate Governance Report 90
Nomination Committee Report 12
4 inspire) 2 Support ESG Committee Report 14
Audit Committee Report 116

Remuneration CommitteeReport 120

Inspire our customers ‘Support our customers Enable a lifetime of
through a differentiated, through an integrated, motoring and cycling ~Directors' Remuneration Policy 122
super-specialist shopping unique and more =Directors'RemunerationReport 132
experience convenient services offer Directors’ Responsibilities 141
Financial Statements)

2 Gansu eae Independent Auditors’ Report 144
9 : Consolidated income Statement 150

Consolidated Statement of
| Our Integrated Report Comprehensive Income 151

This is our sixth integrated report and is Consolidated Statement of
designed to provide a concise overview of Financial Position 152

how we generate value for all Shareholders. Consolidated Statement of

Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 153:

By following an integrated reporting model,
: Consolidated Statement of

we aim to show how our competitive

! advantage is sustainable in the short. Cash Flows 154
. : medium, and long-term. Note to Consolidated Statement
hs of Cash Flows 155
Online Annual Report ; Whilst this report focuses an value Accounting Policies 156

generation for our shareholders, it also

| demonstrates how we interact with all Notestothe FinancialStatements 168

Read our Annual Report online, including a

link to the full Remuneration Policy ! of our stakeholders Company Balance Sheet 190
©} halfords.annualreport2020.com Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity 191
Corporate Website Accounting Policies 192
Catch up with our latest news and Notes tothe FinancialStatements 193
learn more about Halfords on our °
corporate website Stavabatidn toe
Five Year Record 198
> www.halfordscompany.com Hy Glossary of Alternative
‘ Performance Measures 199

Company Information 200:

Ubaotitihngemusion {
Rolbelsupersopecialisto ea

Peandiouildingla
Sustainablejfutureys

oocvcling oA amos SMES,

jhalfords| i

MASustanabilty
Bee rowingrreatinthe etal sectorwwith

eae to. make bettenenvironmentalg

Riva We aim to make ougbusinessy

Fi ginli gla

EVOLVING
INTO A
CONSUMER
AND B28
SERVICES-
FOCUSED
BUSINESS

4G

The opportunity in services,
specifically motoring, coupled with
our growing scale and capability

in this space, supports our plan to
accelerate investment in this area.
We will evolve into a consumer and
B2B services-focused business,
with a greater emphasis on”.
motoring, generating higher and
more sustainable financial returns.

PO ee eure asegeend Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2020

STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS ©

Accelerating our Strategy

At our Capital Markets Day in September
2018, we laid out our customer strategy
"To Inspire and Support a Lifetime of
motoring and cycling”. The strategy
emphasised the importance of product
differentiation, the value of unique and
convenient services and the need to
build tong-term relationships with our
customers. Consistent with our strategic
direction, we are confident that this is
the right time to accelerate the growth of
our motoring services business, which
will enhance our differentiated position
in the market and provide a less capital
intensive source of profitable growth. We
believe our plan enables the business to
evolve into a consumer and B28 services-
focused business, with a greater emphasis
‘on motoring, generating higher and more
sustainable financial returns.

Web replatform

The launch of our new Group web platform:
in February 2020 was a significant
achievement, transforming the digital
experience and, for the first time, allowing
customers to access an integrated
service offer across retail stores, garages
and mobile vans through one website.
Encouragingly, the website held up well

in the face of very significant increases in
traffic driven by the COVID-19 lockdown,
as customers transitioned to digital order
channels in a very short space of time.

Tyres on the Drive

In November 2019, we announced the
purchase of the trade and assets of the
mobile tyre fitting company “Tyres on the
Drive”. This acquisition bolsters our fleet
of mobile vans, taking us up to 75 by the
end of the year, and gives us ownership
of best-in-class software to operate the
business.

McConechy's Tyre Service

In November 2019, we also announced the
acquisition of McConechy's Tyre Service
Limited, one of the UK's leading garage
chains, operating from 57 sites with 330
skilled colleagues and close to 100 vans
providing 24-hour service for commercial
customers. The acquisition helped us to
establish strong coverage in Scotland
and the North of England and accelerates
our plan to reach 550 garages in the
medium-term.

© Read more in our strategy on
pages 32 to 38.

MalAsBAQ

R (€m)" i it Bef 12!
fevenue (£m) 0 Underlying O/ Before Tax (£m) T5%

-_ Group revenue

+0.3% -4.9% ccs
customers

£1,142.4m 20 (EE £55.9m
€1,138.6m 19 £58.8m

yoday 91633235

£1,135.1m 18 €71.6m
£1,095.0m ow £75.4m 26%

£71.4m

°

€£1,021.5m 16 £81.5m Total Group 5

sales which are 9

service-related | 3%

Profit Before Tax (£m)'? Dividend Per Ordinary Share (p) . 8

- 0 _ 79,

55.5 Yo 66. Yo 82%
of halfords.
com online

€51,0m orders click er

and collected as

£67.1m } in-store Fe

i “3

a

£79.8m

15% >

: from B2B
Underlying Basic EPS (p)'? : Basic EPS (p)'? chore

-0.8% -51.4% ~

0} Japjoyaseus

OO

udnewo,

29.69
30.3p
33.2p

* These numbers are calculated on a 52-week basis,
2 These numbers are calculated on a pre-IFRS 16 basis

&} Read more in the Chief Financial
Officer's report on pages 60 to 65.

halfords.annualreport2020.com

if -—— -

Investment Case

FIVE REASONS TO INVE

Market-leading business

We are the UK's largest retailer of motoring and cycling
products and services, allowing us to drive benefits in
procurement, innovation and customer offering. In car
servicing, the market is highly fragmented with no clear
leader - with 2% share we have significant opportunity
for growth.

Building a service-focused
business

In the medium-term, half of our business will be in Services
- which are essential in their nature - meaning we are a more

resilient business with higher customer retention, a lower
risk profile and stronger and more sustainable returns on
capital

Dividend returns

Until the COVID-19 pandemic we have consistently paid a
dividend, supported by strong levels of Free Cash Flow. In
normal times, we remain committed to returning cash to
shareholders through an ordinary dividend.

Value-creating opportunities

Our strategy will see us develop into areas with good long-
term growth prospects such as motoring services, B28 and
electric mobility. We also have opportunities to significantly
improve return on invested capital.

Strong balance sheet
and cash generative

The Group has always maintained a strong balance sheet
and benefits from a cash generative business model, with
good Free Cash Flow enabling investment in our plan.

Halfords Group ple Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2020

Our Strengths

Unique and differentiated
products and services

We offer a wide range of unique and differentiated products.
with exclusive ranges and customer-led innovative products.
Much of our Services proposition is also unique, including, for
example, on-demand fitting.

Unique, technology-driven
proposition in our physical estate

We utilise market-leading and unique proprietary technology in
our stores, garages and mobile vans, enabling our colleagues
to deliver a best-in-class proposition.

Convenient services proposition
delivered in c.900 locations

We are the only business in the UK able to offer Motoring
Services in a retail store, a garage, at home or at work, providing
customers with unparalleled choice and convenience.

Omnichannel customer
proposition

Our business has a strong omnichannel customer proposition
with high levels of Click & Collect driving footfall into stores,
giving us a unique advantage over online competitors. ~~

Super-specialist expertise that
cannot be replicated

Asa super-specialist, we have unmatched product and
services expertise across both motoring and cycling, creating
a significant barrier to entry for our generalist competitors,
both on and offline.

Post-COVID-19 Benefits

Our strategy and investment case remain valid, but we believe
COVID-19 is likely to lead to some further long-term benefits.

Increase in cycling
and motoring journeys

Continued avoidance of public transport will result ina larger
number of consumers resorting to individual journeys by
bike, car or scooter. The ongoing benefit of higher levels of
ownership are accelerated by lockdown, particularly bikes.

An ageing
UK car parc

Arecessionary environment will lead to consumers holding on to
cars for longer. Combining this with an aversion to public transport,
demand for car servicing for cars over three years old will increase.

Opportunity to accelerate
reduction of property debt

Growth in online, Click & Collect, and home and work delivery
will accelerate reshaping of our store portfolio, reducing our
expensive retail estate.

Healthy living and
climate change

Anincreased focus on healthy living and a greater conviction to

tackle climate change will drive higher demand in bikes and electric

modes of transport. Fears of travel abroad and lower discretionary
spend will mean a rise in staycations.

Further consolidation of our
competitor set

With the financial challenges many businesses have been
confronted with as a result of COVID-19, itis possible that
there will be further consolidation of our competitor set.

wet

X
, = Wy
We PN AY +
~ seshalfords.annualreport2020,con™ maen‘09"
=e" a ee

Group at a Glance

As a Group we are stronger and more efficient together.

Our strong heritage and brand mean that
Halfords is a destination for consumers

who need assistance with their vehicles.

We continue to make progress in our
markets through investment in our stores
and colleagues to help deliver innovative
products and services. Significantly, we
have an established and growing ability

to provide services on demand in-

store through our WeFit and WeCheck
propositions. As part of the response to
COVID-19, Halfords played an important role
in keeping the UK moving, continuing to
offer essential products and services to

the public so that key workers could
continue to support the nation.

a

fautocentres)
Mobile Expert 64%)
[ excess |
~

O Services
© Products

Through our Autocentres garages and
mobile expert vans, Halfords offers great
value and convenience for customers
requiring car servicing, repairs and MOTs.
The strength of our brand and the scale of
our estate enables us to invest in the most
up-to-date equipment and technology.

Through our acquisitions of Tyres on the
Drive and McConechy's Tyre Service,

we have accelerated the growth of our
Autocentres business, expanding our fleet
of Mobile Expert vans and the number of
garages we operate in, bringing us closer
to our target of 1,000 service locations in
the UK.

OUR PORTFOLIO

“446

: Retail stores

371

Garages

75

Mobile Expert Vans

Performance Cycling Stores
Asof3 April 2020 7

The cycling market is highly fragmented, with
an estimated 2,500 bike shops in the UK, the
majority of which are independently owned.
Halfords Group is the clear market leader,
with strong brand awareness in bicycles,
scooters, parts, accessories and clothing.

Having announced the closure of Cycle
Republic during the year, we now serve
the needs of all cyclists, from mainstream
to commuter to enthusiast, through our
Halfords and Tredz brands. Tredzis an
online-focused business, with high brand
equity and a lower-cost operating model,
serving the performance cycling market.

The majority of bikes and scooters sold
by Halfords are own-brand. These brands
include Apollo, Carrera and Boardman.
However, we support our ranges with

other selected third-party brands, such as
Specialized, Giant, Cannondale, Cube, Scott,
Haibike, Brompton, G-tech and Xiaomi

10 Halfords Group pic Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 3 April 2020