Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 72 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 72 Item 9B Other Information 73 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 73 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 74 Item 11 Executive Compensation 74 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 74 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 74 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 74 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 75 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 79 SIGNATURES 80 TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 1 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements PART I Item 1. Business General Target Corporation was incorporated in Minnesota in 1902. Our corporate purpose is to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. We offer our customers, referred to as "guests," fashionable, differentiated merchandise and everyday essentials at discounted prices. We operate as a single segment designed to enable guests to purchase products seamlessly in stores or through our digital channels. Since 1946, we have given 5 percent of our profit to communities. When used in this report, the terms "we," "our," "us," "Target," and the "Corporation" mean Target Corporation and its subsidiaries, collectively, unless the context otherwise requires or indicates. Strategy Target’s strategy is grounded in our purpose to help all families discover the joy of everyday life and our ambition to be the most delightful experience in retail. We differentiate through design, style, and value, and a curated assortment delivered across stores and digital channels. Our strategy is centered on four priorities. Lead with Merchandising Authority. Curating , assortments that combine quality, newness, and value. We focus on categories and brands where we can offer a distinctive and relevant experience for our guests. Elevate the Guest Experience. Elevating the guest experience by making shopping easy, inspiring, and friendly. Our stores remain central to this strategy as destination-worthy environments and fulfillment hubs, complemented by digital channels that support discovery, inspiration, and flexibility. Accelerate Technology to Enable Our Team and Delight Our Guests. Advancing technology, data and operational capabilities that enable personalization, improve execution, and support scalable growth. Strengthen Our Team and Communities. Developing a workforce through skills, leadership, and tools that amplify human performance. We are also dedicated to working with communities and partners to make life better everywhere we do business, including continuation of our long history of financial giving and volunteering. Through this strategy, we seek to strengthen relevance, deepen engagement, and deliver strong financial performance. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 2 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The vast majority of our Net Sales are generated by the sale of merchandise to customers. Our strategy continues to leverage stores as fulfillment hubs, with stores fulfilling more than 97 percent of total Merchandise Sales in each of the last three years, which provides convenience for our guests at a reduced fulfillment cost. In addition to Merchandise Sales, we generate revenue from other sources, most notably advertising revenue and credit card income. Note 2 to the Financial Statements provides more information. Net Sales (in billions) 2023 (53 weeks) 2024 (52 weeks) 2025 (52 weeks) $107.4 $106.6 $104.8 (a) 2023 consisted of 53 weeks. The extra week in 2023 contributed $1.7 billion of Net Sales. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 3 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Merchandise Sales by Fulfillment Channel Financial Highlights For information on key financial highlights, see Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A). Seasonality A larger share of annual net sales are traditionally earned during the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. Merchandise The majority of our stores offer a wide assortment of general merchandise and groceries. Most of our stores larger than 170,000 square feet offer a variety of general merchandise and a full line of groceries comparable to traditional supermarkets. Our digital channels include a wide merchandise assortment, including many items found in our stores, along with a complementary assortment sold by Target and third parties through our Target Plus digital marketplace. We manage our business across the six core merchandise categories shown below. Within categories, gross margins vary depending on the type of merchandise. Merchandise Sales by Category TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 4 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A significant portion of our Merchandise Sales are from national brand merchandise. Approximately thirty percent of our Merchandise Sales come from our owned and exclusive brands, including, but not limited to, the brands listed below. Owned Brands A New Day™ Favorite Day™ Original Use™ All in Motion™ Figmint™ Pillowfort™ Art Class™ Future Collective™ Room Essentials™ Auden™ Gigglescape™ Shade & Shore™ Ava & Viv™ Good & Gather™ Sonia Kashuk™ Boots & Barkley™ Good Little Garden™ Spritz™ Brightroom™ Goodfellow & Co™ Sun Squad™ Bullseye's Playground™ Hearth & Hand™ with Magnolia Threshold™ Casaluna™ Heyday™ Universal Thread™ Cat & Jack™ Hyde & EEK! Boutique™ up & up™ Cloud Island™ JoyLab™ Wild Fable™ Colsie™ Kindfull™ Wondershop™ dealworthy™ Market Pantry™ Embark™ Mondo Llama™ Everspring™ Open Story™ Exclusive Adult Beverage Brands California Roots™ SunPop™ Wine Cube™ Jingle & Mingle™ The Collection™ We also sell merchandise through periodic exclusive design and creative partnerships, and experiences, with partners such as Apple, Levi's, and Ulta Beauty , and generate revenue from amenities such as Starbucks and Target Optical. CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (CVS) operates pharmacies and clinics in our stores under a perpetual operating agreement from which we generate annual occupancy income. In 2025, we reached a mutual agreement with Ulta Beauty to terminate our commercial operating agreement when it expires in August 2026. Global Sourcing, Import Operations, and Tariffs Our global sourcing operations operate from offices in 13 countries and support the design, development, and manufacturing of merchandise sold across our stores and digital channels, with a particular focus on owned brands. These operations play critical roles in product quality and safety, cost management, and responsible sourcing practices. Approximately of the merchandise we offer is sourced from outside the United States, with China representing the largest country of origin for imported goods. We serve as the importer of record for most owned and exclusive, and certain national brand merchandise. As importer of record, we are responsible for customs compliance, including but not limited to, classification, import valuation, and payment of all applicable duties and fees. We employ a range of tariff mitigation strategies, including supplier negotiations, sourcing diversification, and ongoing evaluation of assortment and pricing decisions. We also utilize permitted customs valuation methods, including the first sale methodology, for certain qualifying direct imports. We generally pay duties based on the price Target pays its vendors for the goods, and later seek refunds for qualifying transactions by filing first sale claims, a significant portion of which have processing and payment cycles that extend beyond one year. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 5 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Other Capabilities We generate revenue through a variety of other sources, including Roundel, which provides advertising services to vendors and other third parties, including marketplace sellers; credit card profit sharing related to our Target Circle Card program; our digital marketplace, Target Plus; membership fees; and others. Customer Loyalty Program We seek to drive customer loyalty and trip frequency through our Target Circle™ program, which provides benefits to guests that vary depending on their engagement with the program through one or more of the following offerings: • a free membership providing deals and bonuses including instant discounts and Target Circle Rewards offerings redeemable on future purchases; • Target Circle Card 1 offerings that provide a 5 percent discount on nearly all purchases, free standard and 2-day shipping on eligible items purchased through our digital channels, and extended returns; and/or • a paid Target Circle 360™ membership that provides access to unlimited delivery on eligible orders over $35 from Target and other retailers, in addition to free shipping and extended returns benefits generally consistent with our Target Circle Card offering, and exclusive member deals. 1 Target Circle Card offerings include Target Debit Card, Target Credit Card, and Target MasterCard (collectively, Target Circle Cards). Distribution Most merchandise is distributed to our stores through our network of distribution centers. Common carriers ship merchandise to and from our distribution centers. Vendors or distributors ship certain food and beverage items and other merchandise directly to our stores. Merchandise sold through our digital channels is distributed to our guests through guest at our stores, via common carriers (from stores, supply chain facilities, vendors, and distributors), and delivery. Our stores fulfill the majority of digitally originated sales, which allows improved product availability, faster fulfillment times, reduced shipping costs, and allows us to offer guests a suite of fulfillment options such as Order Pickup, Drive Up, and Delivery. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 6 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Human Capital Management In support of our purpose—to help all families discover the joy of everyday life—we invest in our team, our most important asset, by offering a rewarding experience grounded in growth, , and a culture of care. As one of the largest private employers in the United States (U.S.), our workforce reflects a wide range of goals and expectations, from team members building careers to students, retirees and others seeking flexible work in a supportive environment. We seek to be an employer of choice by attracting, engaging and retaining top talent who live our values and contribute to an inclusive and culture. To that end, we strive to foster a highly engaged team where all employees, referred to as “team members,” have fair access to opportunities, feel supported by their teams and communities, and are positioned to contribute to positive experiences for our guests and to overall business results. As of January 31, 2026, we employed approximately 415,000 , , and seasonal team members. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, employment levels peak in the holiday season. We also engage independent contractors, most notably in our Shipt subsidiary. Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, oversees human capital management matters. Talent Development and Engagement We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful experiences and abundant growth and opportunities. This starts with the opportunity to do challenging work and learn on the job and is supplemented by programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills at all levels, including offerings focused on specialized skill development, leadership opportunities, coaching, and mentoring. Our talent and succession planning process supports the development of a strong talent pipeline for leadership and other critical roles. We monitor our team members’ perceptions of these development and engagement programs through a number of surveys and use those insights to guide areas of focus and improvement. We are focused on making Target a destination for talent by fostering a culture grounded in inclusivity, connection and drive, where team members feel supported and engaged. We believe inclusion and belonging for all is an essential part of our team and culture, reinforcing our values and helping fuel the growth of our business. Compensation and Benefits Our compensation and benefits are designed to support the financial, mental, and physical of our team members and their families. We believe in paying team members fairly and regularly conduct a pay audit to confirm we are doing so. We also share pay ranges and benefit offerings on all US job postings and continue to expand visibility into these offerings. Our compensation packages include a starting wage range of $15 to $24 per hour for U.S. hourly team members in our stores and supply chain facilities (who comprise the vast majority of our team), a 401(k) plan with matching contributions up to five percent of eligible earnings, paid vacation and holidays, family leave, sick pay, merchandise and other discounts, disability insurance, life insurance, healthcare and dependent care flexible spending accounts, education assistance, free mental health services, an annual incentive program, equity awards, and health insurance benefits, including free virtual health care visits. Eligibility for, and the level of, benefits vary depending on team members’ or status, work location, compensation level, and tenure. Workplace Health and Safety We strive to maintain a safe and secure work environment and have specific safety programs. This includes administering a comprehensive occupational injury- and program and training for team members. Working Capital Effective inventory management is key to our ongoing success, and we use various techniques including demand forecasting and planning and various forms of replenishment management. We achieve effective inventory management by staying in core product offerings, maintaining positive vendor relationships, and carefully planning inventory levels for seasonal and apparel items to minimize markdowns. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 7 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The Liquidity and Capital Resources section in MD&A provides additional details. Competition We compete with omnichannel retailers, including department stores, general merchandise retailers, wholesale clubs, retailers, drug stores, supermarkets, brands, online marketplaces, and other forms of retail commerce. Our ability to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers and provide compelling value to our guests largely determines our competitive position within the retail industry. Intellectual Property Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy. Our principal trademarks, including Target, our "Expect More. Pay Less." brand promise, and our "Bullseye Design," ha ve been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We also seek to obtain and preserve intellectual property protection for our brands. Geographic Information Nearly all of our sales are generated within the U.S. The vast majority of our property and equipment is located within the U.S. In addition to our administrative operations headquartered in the U.S., we perform additional administrative functions in Bangalore, India, and perform global sourcing operations from offices in 13 countries, predominantly in Asia and Central America. Available Information Our corporate internet website is corporate.target.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available free of charge on the Investors section of our website (corporate.target.com/investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the SEC maintains a website (sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, or our corporate website (corporate.target.com). Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 8 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Information About Our Executive Officers Executive officers are elected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships between any of the officers named and any other executive officer or member of the Board of Directors, or any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. Name Title and Recent Business Experience Age Michael J. Fiddelke Chief Executive Officer since February 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2024 to January 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2019 to October 2024. 49 Lisa R. Roath Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since February 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Food, Essentials & Beauty from January 2025 to February 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from July 2023 to January 2025. Senior Vice President, Merchandising - Food & Beverage from July 2020 to July 2023. 48 Melissa K. Kremer Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2019. 48 Jim Lee Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2024. Prior to joining Target, Mr. Lee held various leadership positions with PepsiCo, Inc., including as Deputy Chief Financial Officer from November 2023 to September 2024, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance from October 2022 to November 2023, and Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and Senior Vice President, PepsiCo Beverages North America, from February 2019 to October 2022. 51 Cara A. Sylvester Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer since February 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Guest Experience Officer from May 2022 to February 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing & Digital Officer from February 2021 to May 2022. Senior Vice President, Home from March 2019 to February 2021. 48 Prat Vemana Executive Vice President and Chief Information and Product Officer since February 2025. Executive Vice President and Chief Digital and Product Officer from October 2022 to February 2025. Prior to joining Target, Mr. Vemana held various leadership positions with Kaiser Permanente, including as Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer from July 2019 to October 2022. 54 Brian C. Cornell Executive Chair since February 2026. Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from August 2014 to January 2026. 67 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks. The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. These are not the only risks we face and there may be other risks that could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Competitive and Reputational Risks If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We attempt to differentiate our guest experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, digital experiences, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, advertising, and marketing. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including guest perceptions regarding our shopping experience, the safety and cleanliness of our stores, our ability to offer products at affordable prices, the desirability and exclusivity of our offerings, our levels, the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our ability to responsibly source merchandise, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. If we fail to differentiate our guest experience from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 9 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Consumers continue to migrate to digital channels and seek out multiple fulfillment options, which has affected the ways we attempt to differentiate ourselves. Since consumers can quickly comparison shop using digital tools, they may make decisions based solely on price or convenience, which could limit our ability to differentiate from our competitors. In addition, providing multiple fulfillment options, expanding our digital channels, expanding our digital assortment through sellers on our Target Plus marketplace, and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests’ expectations. If we are unable to offset our investments in these or other initiatives with improved performance or efficiencies, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not anticipate and adapt to consumer behavior or developments and offerings by our competitors, we may not be able to compete effectively. For example, we may be unable to match or surpass the advances in technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) that our competitors implement for platforms or for internal operations, which could adversely affect our competitive position. As technology (including artificial intelligence) in the digital retail market continues to evolve, new competitors may emerge due to lowered barriers of entry, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Furthermore, generative artificial intelligence presents emerging ethical issues and could negatively impact our guests and team members. If our use of generative or agentic artificial intelligence becomes controversial or is ineffective, or if the outputs generated are inaccurate or controversial, our reputation and competitive position could be adversely affected. Consumers may also use channels, devices, technologies, and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) to initiate shopping searches and place orders, which could make us dependent on the capabilities and search algorithms of those third parties to reach those consumers. Any failures or difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts or adapting to offerings by our competitors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we do not anticipate consumer demand accurately and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. A large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make decisions in a broad range of merchandise categories and offer those products at affordable prices. If we do not accurately predict consumer demand and quickly respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, we may experience lower sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to accurately predict consumer demand and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, successfully implementing new technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence), emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. We have not always been able to accurately forecast consumer demand or react to rapid changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, which has previously resulted in insufficient or excess inventory, increased inventory markdowns, higher costs (including for storage, transportation, labor, and other expenses), and adverse impacts on our results of operations. If we are unable to do so again in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships, including with our guests, team members, and vendors. We believe that one of the reasons our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors and business collaborators choose Target is the positive reputation we have built over many years for serving those constituencies and the communities in which we operate. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve Target's reputation. Our reputation is largely based on perceptions. It may be difficult to address negative publicity or sensationalism across media channels, regardless of its accuracy or the reputability of its source, including as a result of fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative artificial intelligence or bad actors). Negative incidents (including those based on differing perspectives or opinions) involving us, our workforce, or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence and result in changes in consumer behavior including consumer boycotts, workforce unrest or walkouts, government investigations, and litigation. Negative reputational incidents or negative perceptions of us could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through lower sales, the termination of existing business relationships, challenges in obtaining new vendors, sellers or business collaborators, loss of new store and development opportunities, higher costs, and team member engagement, retention, and recruiting difficulties. We have previously experienced negative perceptions of our business, which have adversely affected consumer behavior and our results of operations, and we could experience similar occurrences in the future. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 10 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We previously established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives regarding environmental, political, social, and governance matters, including with respect to sustainability and human capital management. We have modified and concluded, and may continue to modify and conclude, certain of these goals and initiatives from time to time. For example, in 2025, we announced that we modified and concluded certain of our initiatives related to diversity, equity, and inclusion, which resulted in adverse reactions from some of our shareholders, guests, team members, and others, as well as consumer boycotts organized throughout 2025. Our establishment and continuation of any goals or initiatives regarding environmental, political, social, and governance matters, any modification or termination of such goals or initiatives, or any failure or perceived failure by us to achieve them, could result in negative reactions from our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) and lead to adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. In particular, certain federal and state officials and agencies have asserted that corporate initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, including with respect to sustainability, belonging, and diversity, equity, and inclusion, violate various federal and state laws. Although we believe that all of our corporate initiatives have complied with applicable laws, we could still become subject to litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings, including as it relates to corporate initiatives that have concluded. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors and business collaborators, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) have evolving, varied, and sometimes conflicting expectations regarding many aspects of our business, including our operations, product and service offerings, and environmental, political, social, and governance matters. Some of these individuals and organizations have expectations that Target offer or not offer certain products and services or pursue or not pursue particular environmental, political, social, and governance initiatives, including with respect to belonging and diversity, equity, and inclusion . We have previously been unable to meet some of those conflicting expectations, which has led to negative publicity and adversely affected our reputation. For example, we experienced adverse reactions from some of our shareholders, guests, team members, and others related to our assortment of Pride Month products in 2023 and other positions we have taken with respect to social issues, including LGBTQIA+ matters, which resulted in consumer boycotts and litigation. We may in the future take actions, or be perceived to take actions, that do not meet the conflicting expectations of some or all of our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, business collaborators, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) regarding various aspects of our business, including our operations, product and service offerings, and environmental, political, social, and governance matters. As a result, we may experience adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Reputational harm can also occur indirectly through companies and others with whom we do business or whose products we sell. We have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi’s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. In addition, we have relationships with companies that sell and ship items directly to guests through our digital channels. We also have relationships with designers, celebrities, influencers, and other individuals, including for advertising campaigns, product collaborations, and marketing programs. If consumers have negative experiences with, or view unfavorably, any of the companies or individuals with whom we have relationships, it could cause them to not shop with us and negatively impact our results of operations. Our business transformation initiatives may not achieve their intended objectives, which could adversely affect our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. Beginning in 2025, we began a business transformation effort to increase speed and agility across the organization in support of our strategic priorities. This initiative is intended to simplify ways of working, increase role clarity, leverage technology (including artificial intelligence) and data to enhance , and reduce costs. These efforts have required, and may continue to require, significant changes to the ways of working of our team members. The success of this initiative is subject to the related risks discussed throughout this Item 1A, Risk Factors, as it is interconnected with our broader strategy and further depends on, among other things, effective execution and change management. If our execution is ineffective, if adoption by our team members is slower or more limited than expected, or if the initiative otherwise fails to adequately support our strategy, our competitive position, results of TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 11 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We cannot assure that we will achieve all of the intended benefits of this initiative, including anticipated efficiencies, cost savings, or operational improvements, or that such benefits will be realized within expected timeframes. In addition, the execution of our business transformation efforts has resulted, and may continue to result, in additional costs, including impairment of assets and costs associated with exiting certain activities or terminating commercial relationships. For example, in 2025, we recognized costs and charges related to reductions in our workforce, facility exits, and the termination of a commercial partnership. Such costs and charges could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brand products, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our owned and exclusive brand products represent approximately thirty percent of our overall merchandise sales and generally carry higher margins than equivalent national brand products. Our ability to source, develop, and market our owned and exclusive brands depends on many factors, including our ability to anticipate consumer demand and preferences and make decisions, our relationships with both established and new vendors, the availability and price of raw materials, product quality, and our ability to offer products at affordable prices. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brands, or if we are unable to successfully protect our related intellectual property rights, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, our reliance on owned and exclusive brand products may also amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, because many of these products are imported and we are more involved in the development and sourcing of those products. For example, any failure of our owned brands to meet applicable safety standards or Target's or our guests' expectations regarding safety, quality, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities, and exacerbate our reputational risks. In addition, owned brand products generally need longer lead times between order placement and product delivery and require us to take ownership of those products earlier in the supply chain. This requires accurate forecasting of consumer demand to effectively manage our operations, including for categories where consumer preferences may change rapidly, and exposes us to enhanced risks of supply chain disruptions and trade policy or tariff impacts. We have previously been, and may in the future be, unable to accurately predict consumer demand for our owned brand products. This has resulted, and may in the future result, in insufficient or excess inventory, increased inventory markdowns, and higher costs. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. We have historically experienced loss of inventory (also called shrink) due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. To protect against rising inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. In addition, sustained high rates of inventory shrink at certain stores have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to the closure of certain stores and the impairment of assets. We depend on seasonal moments and merchandise to drive sales and net earnings growth. Our business experiences some seasonality, with a larger portion of our sales traditionally occurring in the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. In addition to the November and December holiday sales period, we also see increased sales activity during the and period and other seasonal moments throughout the year. As a result, any factors negatively impacting us during any of these periods, including weather conditions, natural disasters, macroeconomic conditions, consumer preferences, technological disruptions, and political or economic uncertainty or instability, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition to a greater degree. We offer our guests a assortment of everyday essentials and differentiated merchandise. However, we depend on sales of our merchandise to drive net earnings growth. As a result, flat sales and sales declines of our merchandise have previously limited, and may in the future limit, our ability to drive net earnings growth or result in a decline in our gross margin rate. Furthermore, we are subject to cyclical trends in TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 12 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements consumer spending, which may disproportionately impact sales of certain merchandise and result in lower sales for our merchandise. Such trends have previously adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our results of operations. Our Roundel retail media network may not maintain or grow advertising revenue, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Roundel, our retail media network, offers advertising services on a variety of digital platforms primarily to our merchandise vendors, either directly or via advertising agencies, and Target Plus sellers to promote their products and services. The digital advertising environment is highly competitive, and our advertisers do not have commitments with us. The performance of Roundel depends on a number of factors, including the size and composition of our merchandise vendor and seller base, levels of consumer engagement with digital platforms, and our ability to maintain effective relationships with key search and social media platforms and technology providers. If our vendor or seller base shrinks, consumer traffic to our digital platforms decreases, or we are unable maintain key relationships, our advertising revenue may fail to meet expectations or may decline. In addition, changes in data privacy laws and regulations (as discussed elsewhere in this Item 1A, Risk Factors), as well as new or modified policies of platforms through which Roundel’s offerings are delivered, could negatively affect Roundel’s business model. Increased competition, including from new or enhanced technology offerings such as artificial intelligence-enabled advertising solutions, may further pressure demand for our services. If advertisers reduce or discontinue their use of Roundel’s offerings, our competitive position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Investment and Infrastructure Risks If our capital investments do not achieve appropriate returns or our efficiency efforts are not successful, our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. When building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores and available labor and materials. Pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, or other difficulties related to those projects could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, remodels and new store projects have previously been, and may in the future be, delayed or cancelled based on changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, the timing for required permit issuances or other regulatory clearances, and other factors, which could result in the inefficient deployment of our capital and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, and supply chain infrastructure. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores, and might not provide the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, our strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. Underestimating our replenishment capacity needs could result in lower levels or increased costs for temporary storage. Conversely, overestimating replenishment capacity needs, changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, and other factors have resulted, and could in the future result, in delays or cancellations of supply chain infrastructure projects. Such delays or cancellations have resulted, and may in the future result, in the inefficient deployment of our capital relative to our expectations, including as a result of carrying costs for facilities that are not being utilized. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A significant disruption to our technology systems and our failure to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on technology systems throughout our business, including systems that we develop internally. We also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet to use our technology systems. These systems are TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 13 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power and other outages, telecommunications failures, failures, malicious attacks, security breaches, unplanned downtime, program transitions, and implementation errors. Any damage or disruption to our technology systems could severely interrupt our business operations, including our ability to process guest transactions and manage inventories, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, in the past, we have experienced disruptions to the order fulfillment capabilities on our digital platforms and in our system that prevented our ability to process debit or credit transactions, which negatively impacted some guests’ experiences and generated negative publicity. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in maintaining and updating our technology systems, but implementing significant changes increases the risk of system disruption. Furthermore, the technology systems that we develop internally may become outdated or ineffective and may be unable to match or surpass systems. Problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could adversely affect our operational efficiency and negatively impact our guests and their confidence in us. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks If our efforts to maintain information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. As part of our business, we receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties. We also rely extensively on information systems throughout our business. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. However, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents, detect attacks, or implement adequate preventive measures as cyber threats continue to evolve and cyberattacks become more sophisticated and frequent, including through the introduction of viruses and malware (such as ransomware) and the use of enhanced and rapidly advancing technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) by threat actors. Cyberattacks are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. In addition, hardware or software that we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects that could compromise information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our information systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, deception, social engineering, or other bad acts. Errors or malicious actions by our team members or contractors, faulty password management, and other vulnerabilities or irregularities could also overcome our security measures or those of third parties with whom we do business and result in a compromise or breach of our or their information systems. The utilization of hybrid and remote work by our team members, vendors, independent contractors, and other third parties has amplified our already extensive reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded Internet access. Furthermore, the training we conduct as part of our information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy efforts may not be effective in preventing or limiting successful attacks. We and our vendors face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to, sabotage, take control of, and corrupt, our information systems and data. As a result of these types of attempts, both we and our vendors have experienced information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. None of these incidents has recently had a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. But as we previously experienced a prominent data breach, additional information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy incidents could draw greater scrutiny. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, our business operations could be severely disrupted and we could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our payment cards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The legal and regulatory environment regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy is dynamic and has strict requirements, including for the use and treatment of personal information. Complying with current or contemplated information security, cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, and data processing laws and regulations (including reporting and disclosure regimes), or any actual or alleged failure to comply, could cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, and expose us to litigation and regulatory risks, each of which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 14 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Supply Chain and Risks Changes in our relationships with our vendors or other companies, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our operations or supply chain, and increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors, independent contractors, and other third parties (including common carriers) to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. If our replenishment and fulfillment network does not operate properly, if we are unable to timely import certain merchandise, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services as has happened in the past, we could experience merchandise , delays in shipping and receiving merchandise, and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. In addition, we have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi’s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. Any termination of, or adverse change in, our relationship with any of these companies could decrease our sales, increase our costs, and negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. U.S. trade policy is changing rapidly and remains subject to uncertainty. In February 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) were not authorized by the statute. The U.S. government then imposed additional, global Section 122 tariffs. Any trade disputes or further changes in tax or trade policy, including the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products or changes in tariff levels, between the U.S. and countries from which we source merchandise directly or indirectly through vendors could require us to take certain actions, including raising prices on products we sell and seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors in other countries. Approximately of the merchandise that we offer is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the U.S., with China as our single largest source of merchandise we import. In particular, U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on several countries in 2025, including China, India, Vietnam and Bangladesh, and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries have resulted, and could continue to result, in us incurring substantial additional costs to procure a large portion of the merchandise we offer and impact the margin rate for certain products, raising prices on certain products, and starting new vendor relationships in other countries. Many of these tariffs were imposed under IEEPA and were subsequently impacted by the February 2026 ruling, though the process, timing, and amount of any potential refund recovery for such tariffs remain uncertain. We continue to closely monitor these developments and their ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, all of which may be adversely impacted. In addition, if our competitors do not keep pace with any such price increases or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions, such as diversification in their mix of vendors, our competitive position may be adversely affected. We also utilize a first sale declaration program, which is subject to rigorous requirements, to pay duties and tariffs to U.S. Customs for merchandise on the basis of the price paid by our vendors rather than the price paid by the importer of record. Our program may be subject to inquiries, investigations, or regulatory proceedings by U.S. Customs. The amount of duties and tariffs that we pay to import merchandise could rise substantially if the U.S. government eliminates the availability of the first sale declaration methodology, if the requirements to utilize this methodology change, or if our ability to rely on this methodology is limited or eliminated. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 15 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Political or economic uncertainty or instability, trade policies, disputes, or sanctions, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, transport capacity and costs, inflation, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, or other events that have affected, and could in the future affect, foreign trade are beyond our control. These types of events have impacted us, and could impact us in the future, including by disrupting our supply of merchandise, increasing the price and limiting the availability of raw materials, increasing our costs, and adversely affecting our results of operations. For example, there have been periodic closings and ship diversions, armed conflicts, unrest, labor disputes, and congestion disrupting railways, trucking, waterways, and ports around the world, including at major U.S. ports where we receive a significant portion of the products we source from outside the U.S. We have from time to time made alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions in the U.S. and other countries. If these types of events recur and impact any of the locations or modes of transportation that we depend on, it could increase our costs and adversely affect our supply of inventory. In addition, prices of fuel and other commodities on which our supply chain depends are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations based on a variety of international and domestic factors. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, as have occurred in recent years, could further increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. If services we obtain from third parties are unavailable, fail to meet our standards, or increase in cost, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We rely on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure (including certain generative artificial intelligence services), digital platforms, replenishment and fulfillment operations, store and supply chain infrastructure, delivery services (including by independent contractors via our Shipt subsidiary), guest contact centers, payment processing, digital advertising offerings, and extensions of credit for our payment card program. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations (including as a result of any labor disputes or labor unavailability at such third parties), if any services are interrupted, or if they fail to meet our performance standards, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we incur significant expenses related to our reliance on services from third parties. If we are unable to effectively manage these costs or if we face significant increases in any of these costs, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In particular, for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we generally pay interchange fees and other processing fees. Given the continued adoption of credit and debit cards by consumers, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as a result of these fees. Any increase in these fees over time could significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Legal, Regulatory, Global, and Other External Risks Our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending in the U.S. Nearly all of our sales are in the U.S., making our results highly dependent on the health of the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer behavior, confidence, and spending, which can be affected by a variety of factors, including inflation, interest rates, housing prices, unemployment rates, legal and regulatory actions, immigration policies and trends, household debt and wage levels, credit usage, and crime rates. In addition, the interconnected nature of the global economy means that events occurring domestically or internationally, such as geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, public health crises, legal and regulatory actions, immigration policies and trends, energy availability, trade policies, disputes, or sanctions, and market volatility can all affect macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. A deterioration in U.S. macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence or spending could adversely affect our business in many ways, such as negatively impacting consumer demand (which may disproportionately affect demand for certain merchandise), reducing sales (including our credit card revenue), reducing gross margins, and increasing our expenses, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 16 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions or natural disasters, the impacts of a changing climate, and other catastrophic events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including the physical impacts of a changing climate, and other catastrophic events can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lower sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we have significant operations in certain states where natural disasters (including hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, and earthquakes) are more prevalent. Natural disasters in those states or in other areas where we operate has previously resulted, and could in the future result, in significant physical damage to, or closure of, one or more of our stores, distribution centers, facilities, or key vendors. Furthermore, weather conditions, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events in areas where we or our vendors operate, or depend upon for continued operations, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the availability and cost of certain products within our supply chain, consumer purchasing power, and consumer demand. Additionally, acts of violence and other crimes, including active shooter situations, at or around our stores, distribution centers, or other facilities have, and may in the future, negatively impact the safety and security of our workforce and guests, damage our facilities, or harm our reputation. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The potential impacts of a changing climate may be widespread and unpredictable and present a variety of risks in the and . The physical effects of a changing climate, such as natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, drought or water scarcity, and rising sea levels, could adversely affect our results of operations, including by increasing our energy costs, disrupting our supply chain, negatively impacting our workforce, damaging our stores, distribution centers, and inventory, and threatening the habitability of the locations in which we operate. In addition to physical risks, the potential impacts of a changing climate also present transition risks, including regulatory and reputational risks. For example, we use commodities and energy inputs in our operations that may face increased regulation due to a changing climate or other environmental concerns, which could increase our costs. Furthermore, our establishment and continuation of our goals and initiatives to create a more resilient business, or any modification, conclusion, failure, or perceived failure by us to achieve them, or to otherwise meet evolving, varied, and sometimes conflicting expectations from our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) regarding the environment and our goals and initiatives to create a more resilient business, could lead to adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 17 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We rely on a large, global, and changing workforce of team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. If we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. With over 400,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. Many team members are in or positions with high turnover rates historically. In addition, the continuous advancements in automation and artificial intelligence capabilities will continue to impact the skills required in our workforce, and our recruiting and training needs must evolve to maintain pace. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, labor availability, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, immigration laws and regulations, and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract, train and retain a workforce meeting our needs (including for specialized roles with significant competition for talent) or are unable to successfully execute on succession planning at all levels of the organization, our operations, strategy, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts and activism, which could negatively impact how we are perceived by team members and our overall reputation. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs, how we operate our business, and our results of operations. In addition to our U.S. operations, we perform additional administrative functions in Bangalore, India, and perform global sourcing operations from offices in 12 countries, predominantly in Asia and Central America, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. In particular, we rely on our administrative functions in India for various business operations and any events that negatively impact the availability or effectiveness of our administrative functions in India, including political or economic uncertainty or instability, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, weather conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, and armed conflicts, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Shareholder activism could adversely affect our business, strategic execution, and stock price. We regularly engage with shareholders with a goal of strengthening our business. From time to time, shareholders may pursue public or private campaigns to influence our corporate strategy, capital allocation, or environmental, political, social, and governance matters. Any such activist campaigns, including rumors of such campaigns, could result in increased costs, including legal expenses, and diversion of management and board attention. Public activism campaigns may also create actual or perceived uncertainty regarding our strategic direction, which could impair relationships with guests, suppliers, team members, and others, or cause volatility in our stock price that is not reflective of our underlying business fundamentals. These risks could adversely impact our reputation, ability to execute on strategic objectives, results of operations, and financial condition. Failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could adversely affect our results of operations. If any of our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or Target’s or our guests’ expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing, we could be exposed to legal and reputational risks and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our vendors and sellers must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy or offer, respectively, comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination and product defects, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Our sourcing vendors, including any third parties selling through our digital channels, must also meet our expectations and comply with applicable laws and regulations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing. We have a social compliance audit process that performs audits regularly, but we cannot continuously monitor every vendor and seller, so we are also dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy or offer comply with applicable standards. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, including to diversify the geographic locations of our vendors to mitigate the impacts of tariffs or other trade policies, the risk of these standards not being met may increase. Negative guest perceptions regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 18 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our failure to comply with applicable laws, or changes in these laws, could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business is subject to a wide variety of complex foreign, national, state, and local laws and regulations. Our expenses could increase and our operations could be adversely affected by changes in law or adverse judicial developments involving our workforce, including an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, health care or other mandates, the classification of exempt and employees, and the classification of workers as either employees or independent contractors. The classification of workers as employees or independent contractors, in particular, is an area that has experienced legal challenges and legislative changes. Our Shipt subsidiary, which facilitates delivery services (including delivery to our guests), has faced, and continues to face, legal challenges to its worker classification. If, as a result of judicial decisions or legislation, Shipt is required to treat its network of independent contractors as employees, we may experience higher digital fulfillment costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There have been, and may continue to be, changes in the legal or regulatory environment (including as a result of executive orders) affecting many areas related to our business, including merchandise costs and availability, customs and trade policy (including the impacts of our first sale declaration program), workforce availability, transport costs and capacity, information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, supply chain requirements, product safety, product quality, payment methods, environmental, social, and governance matters (including sustainability, belonging, and diversity, equity, and inclusion), and climate and emissions disclosure. Changes in the environment may occur rapidly. The ultimate impact of any changes in the legal or regulatory environment is not possible to predict and could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition, including by increasing our expenses, reducing consumer demand for our products and services, limiting workforce availability for us and our vendors, and resulting in litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings against us. In addition, if we are unable or perceived to be unable to comply with any changes in the legal or regulatory environment, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws, laundering laws, import restrictions, responsible sourcing laws, and sanctions programs, we could be subject to legal and reputational risks, including government enforcement actions and private litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Litigation and other legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We are regularly involved in a variety of legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration, claims, investigations, and inquiries. The frequency of any such proceedings could increase in the future. These proceedings relate to a wide range of matters, including commercial disputes, employment, environmental, social, and governance matters, intellectual property rights, personal injury, shareholder actions, securities claims, and matters relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These matters are inherently uncertain, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves. Determining applicable reserves and possible losses related to such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. In addition, our assessment of the materiality and likely outcome of these matters may not be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. Responding to these matters has required, and may in the future require, us to devote significant resources and incur significant expenses, even for those that are , which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Any of these proceedings could also generate negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 19 RISK FACTORS & UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Financial Risks Increases in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. Several factors influence our effective income tax rate, including domestic and international tax laws and regulations, the related interpretations, the continued availability of purchased tax credits, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net earnings. In addition, changes in our operations both in and outside of the U.S. may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. Furthermore, we are subject to regular reviews and ongoing audits by both domestic and international tax authorities. For example, the IRS is auditing certain aspects of our intercompany transfer pricing for fiscal years 2021 and 2022. Although we believe our tax positions and estimates are reasonable and we review and maintain adequate reserves, the ultimate tax outcome could differ significantly from our recorded tax amounts and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. We are dependent on a stable, liquid, and financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. Our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, the condition of the banking sector, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. If rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances and borrowings. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments and lead to losses on derivative positions from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to achieve our projected results or otherwise fail to meet market expectations regarding our financial performance, the price of our stock could be volatile or adversely affected. Our results of operations have previously fluctuated from quarter to quarter, sometimes significantly, and may do so again in the future. If we fail to achieve our projected results, if our guidance is not aligned with market expectations, if we modify our guidance, if we modify our share repurchase program or our approach to dividend distributions, or if we fail to meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, our stock price may decline (as it has at times in recent years), and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to any shortfall in our financial performance. Additionally, factors such as performance results for our competitors and news or announcements by us, our competitors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) may result in a decline and volatility in our stock price. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 20 CYBERSECURITY Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Set forth below is information regarding our cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance, along with a related description of our information security and data privacy practices. Securing company systems, business information, and personal information of our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties is important to us. We have systems in place to: • safely receive, protect, and store that information; • collect, use, and share that information appropriately; and • detect, contain, and respond to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. While everyone at Target plays a part in information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, oversight responsibility is shared by our Board of Directors, its committees, and management. Responsible party Oversight of information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy Board of Directors Oversight of these topics within Target’s overall risks Audit & Risk Committee Primary oversight responsibility for information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, including internal controls designed to identify, assess, and manage risks related to these topics Management Our Chief Information and Product Officer, Chief Information Security Officer, and other senior members of our cybersecurity, risk, and compliance and ethics teams are responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing risks related to these topics, and reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee and/or the full Board of Directors Our program and practices regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy include the following: • Audit & Risk Committee and Board of Directors updates. To inform and educate the Audit & Risk Committee in its primary oversight responsibility for information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, management provides updates on these topics. For example, the Chief Information Security Officer addresses information security risks and controls, cyber threats, and other program updates, and senior members of the risk team provide enterprise risk management program updates. In addition, the Board of Directors receives updates from management regarding Target’s overall risks, which include risks related to these topics. • Integration into enterprise risk management program. By aligning the identification, assessment, and management of risks related to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy with our overall approach to risk oversight by the Board of Directors, its committees, and management, we have integrated these practices into our enterprise risk management program. • Management expertise. Our Chief Information and Product Officer leads the strategic direction and management of Target’s product and engineering teams. He is responsible for Target’s enterprise technology systems and oversees Target’s cybersecurity, data platforms, data science, infrastructure, product engineering, and enterprise product teams. He previously served as Target's Chief Digital and Product Officer and held a variety of leadership roles in enterprise technology and product management prior to joining Target. He has developed significant knowledge and skills regarding enterprise technology systems, including cybersecurity. Our Chief Information Security Officer has a strong background in technology, information security, cybersecurity, threat intelligence, incident response, data protection, compliance, and risk management. She champions a strong security culture both internally and externally and contributes to the broader cybersecurity community by serving in several advisory roles and promoting industry collaboration, sharing, and talent development. TARGET CORPORATION 2025 Form 10-K 21 CYBERSECURITY Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • Systems and processes. We use a combination of tools and technologies to protect Target and our guests, operate a proactive threat intelligence program to identify and assess risks, including from threats associated with our use of service providers, and we run a cyber fusion center to investigate and respond to threats. Our program is based on recognized industry security standards and control frameworks, which we seek to validate through internal and independent assessments. Our cybersecurity team regularly tests our controls through penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, and attack simulation. In addition, we have an incident response program to address potential security and privacy incidents. As part of this incident response program, members of management are informed about and mo

[truncated]