Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 37 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 38 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 68 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 68 Item 9B Other Information 69 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 69 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 70 Item 11 Executive Compensation 70 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 70 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 70 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 70 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 71 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 74 SIGNATURES 75 TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 1 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements PART I Item 1. Business General Target Corporation was incorporated in Minnesota in 1902. Our corporate purpose is to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. We offer our customers, referred to as "guests," fashionable, differentiated merchandise and everyday essentials at discounted prices. We operate as a single segment designed to enable guests to purchase products seamlessly in stores or through our digital channels. Since 1946, we have given 5 percent of our profit to communities. When used in this report, the terms "we," "our," "us," "Target," and the "Corporation" mean Target Corporation and its subsidiaries, collectively, unless the context otherwise requires or indicates. Strategy Target delivers on our purpose of helping all families discover the joy of everyday life through our curated, assortment, outstanding value, and a team that’s centered on care for each other, our guests, and communities. Our stores, digital experience, fulfillment services, and loyalty ecosystem also play a critical role in differentiating Target and bringing our purpose to life. Our strategy aims to expand Target’s relevancy in consumers’ lives and drive traffic, sales , and market share growth. Core elements include: • Delighting with newness, style, and value by strengthening our owned brands portfolio, curating leading national brands, and expanding the breadth and depth of signature partnerships. • Delivering value by providing everyday low pricing and leveraging promotions and our loyalty ecosystem, Target Circle. • Opening new stores, updating existing stores , and enhancing our digital experience to reach more consumers and provide a reliably convenient, easy , and inspiring shopping experience. • Transforming our supply chain for increased efficiency, speed, capacity, and reliability across our network. • Being a favorite discovery destination by making it easy for consumers to discover Target’s products and experiences across different channels and touchpoints, including our stores, our mobile app and website, and social platforms. • Expanding our capabilities, such as our Roundel advertising and Target Plus digital marketplace businesses, to leverage our assets and enhance the guest experience. Our strategy defines how we’ll continue to differentiate Target, and we’ll seek to enable growth through: • Our Team – A highly engaged and team . • – A deep understanding of consumers . • Technology – A connected ecosystem of data, insights, and technology, including artificial intelligence . • Efficiency – Simplifying work for our teams to make it easier to deliver a great guest experience. • Sustainability – Resiliency in our business model. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 2 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The vast majority of our Net Sales are generated by the sale of merchandise to customers. Our strategy continues to leverage stores as fulfillment hubs, with stores fulfilling more than 96 percent of total Merchandise Sales in each of the last three years, which provides convenience for our guests at a reduced fulfillment cost. In addition to Merchandise Sales, we generate revenue from other sources, most notably advertising revenue and credit card income. Note 2 to the Financial Statements provides more information. Net Sales (in billions) 2022 (52 weeks) 2023 (53 weeks) 2024 (52 weeks) $109.1 $107.4 $106.6 (a) 2023 consisted of 53 weeks. The extra week in 2023 contributed $1.7 billion of Net Sales. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 3 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Merchandise Sales by Fulfillment Channel Financial Highlights For information on key financial highlights, see Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A). Seasonality A larger share of annual revenues traditionally occurs in the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. Merchandise The majority of our stores offer a wide assortment of general merchandise and food. Most of our stores larger than 170,000 square feet offer a variety of general merchandise and a full line of food items comparable to traditional supermarkets. Our digital channels include a wide merchandise and food assortment, including many items found in our stores, along with a complementary assortment sold by Target and third parties. We manage our business across the six core merchandise categories shown below. Within categories, gross margins vary depending on the type of merchandise. Merchandise Sales by Category TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 4 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A significant portion of our Merchandise Sales are from national brand merchandise. Approximately of our Merchandise Sales come from our owned and exclusive brands, including, but not limited to, the brands listed below. Owned Brands A New Day™ Future Collective™ Pillowfort™ All in Motion™ Gigglescape™ Project 62™ Art Class™ Good & Gather™ Room Essentials™ Auden™ Goodfellow & Co™ Shade & Shore™ Ava & Viv™ Hearth & Hand™ with Magnolia Smartly™ Boots & Barkley™ Heyday™ Smith & Hawken™ Brightroom™ Hyde & EEK! Boutique™ Sonia Kashuk™ Bullseye's Playground™ JoyLab™ Spritz™ Casaluna™ Kindfull™ Sun Squad™ Cat & Jack™ Kona Sol™ Threshold™ Cloud Island™ Made By Design™ Universal Thread™ Colsie™ Market Pantry™ up & up™ dealworthy™ Mondo Llama™ Wild Fable™ Embark™ More Than Magic™ Wondershop™ Everspring™ Opalhouse™ Xhilaration™ Favorite Day™ Open Story™ Figmint™ Original Use™ Exclusive Adult Beverage Brands California Roots™ Jingle & Mingle™ SunPop™ Casa Cantina™ Photograph™ The Collection™ Headliner™ Rosé Bae™ Wine Cube™ We also sell merchandise through periodic exclusive design and creative partnerships, and experiences, with partners such as Apple, Disney, Levi's, and Ulta Beauty, and generate revenue from amenities such as Starbucks, Target Café, and Target Optical. CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (CVS) operates pharmacies and clinics in our stores under a perpetual operating agreement from which we generate annual occupancy income. Our global sourcing operations, which operate from offices in 12 countries around the world, are an important component of our business strategy. Our global sourcing team identifies, evaluates, and partners with suppliers and vendors from around the world to procure merchandise (most notably for our owned brands) and make it available to our guests through our stores and digital channels. The global sourcing team is also integral to ensuring quality and value of products, management of product costs, and driving ethical business practices. Other Capabilities We generate revenue through a variety of other sources, including Roundel, which provides advertising services to vendors and other third parties; credit card profit sharing related to our Target Circle Card program; our digital marketplace—Target Plus; membership fees; and others. Customer Loyalty Programs Our guests receive a 5 percent discount on nearly all purchases and receive free shipping at Target.com when they use their Target Debit Card, Target Credit Card, Target MasterCard, or Target Circle Card Reloadable Account (collectively, Target Circle Cards). We also seek to drive customer loyalty and trip frequency through our Target Circle™ program which offers guests instant discounts and Target Circle Rewards redeemable on future purchases. In March 2024, we announced changes to Target Circle, including the integration of Target Circle Card™ (formerly RedCard) and the addition of a Target Circle 360™ paid membership option. Among other benefits, Target Circle TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 5 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 360 members receive access to delivery and our fastest available shipping option with no additional markup or fees. Distribution Most merchandise is distributed to our stores through our network of distribution centers. Common carriers ship merchandise to and from our distribution centers. Vendors or distributors ship certain food items and other merchandise directly to our stores. Merchandise sold through our digital channels is distributed to our guests through guest at our stores, via common carriers (from stores, supply chain facilities, vendors, and distributors), and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, Shipt, Inc. (Shipt). Our stores fulfill the majority of the digitally originated sales, which allows improved product availability, faster fulfillment times, reduced shipping costs, and allows us to offer guests a suite of fulfillment options such as Order Pickup, Drive Up, and Shipt. Human Capital Management In support of our purpose—to help all families discover the joy of everyday life—we invest in our team, our most important asset, by giving them opportunities to grow professionally, take care of themselves, each other, and their families, and to make a difference for our guests and our communities. We are among the largest private employers in the United States (U.S.), and our workforce has varying goals and expectations of their employment relationship, from team members looking to build a career to students, retirees, and others who are seeking to supplement their income in an enjoyable atmosphere. We seek to be an employer of choice to attract and retain top talent no matter their objectives in seeking employment. To that end, we strive to foster a highly engaged and culture where all employees, referred to as "team members," have access to opportunity and growth, enabling our team to deliver business results. As of February 1, 2025, we employed approximately 440,000 , , and seasonal team members. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, employment levels peak in the holiday season. We also engage independent contractors, most notably in our Shipt subsidiary. Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, oversees human capital management matters. Talent Development and Engagement We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful experiences and abundant growth and opportunities. This starts with the opportunity to do challenging work and learn on the job and is supplemented by programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills at all levels, including programs focused on specialized skill development, leadership opportunities, coaching, and mentoring. Our talent and succession planning process supports the development of a strong talent pipeline for leadership and other critical roles. We monitor our team members’ perceptions of these talent development and engagement programs through a number of surveys and take steps to address areas needing improvement. We are focused on making Target a destination for talent by creating a sense of belonging for our team members. We believe that this sense of belonging for all is an essential part of our team and culture, which helps fuel the growth of our business. Compensation and Benefits Our compensation and benefits are designed to support the financial, mental, and physical of our team members and their families. We believe in paying team members equitably and we regularly review the pay data of U.S. team members to confirm that we are doing so. Our compensation packages include a starting wage range of $15 to $24 per hour for U.S. hourly team members in our stores and supply chain facilities (who comprise the vast majority of our team), a 401(k) plan with matching contributions up to five percent of eligible earnings, paid vacation and holidays, family leave, sick pay, merchandise and other discounts, disability insurance, life insurance, healthcare and dependent care flexible spending accounts, education assistance and tuition reimbursement, free mental health services, an annual incentive program, equity awards, and health insurance benefits, including free virtual health care visits. Eligibility for, and the level of, benefits vary depending on team members’ or status, work location, compensation level, and tenure. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 6 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Workplace Health and Safety We strive to maintain a safe and secure work environment and have specific safety programs. This includes administering a comprehensive occupational injury- and program and training for team members. Working Capital Effective inventory management is key to our ongoing success, and we use various techniques including demand forecasting and planning and various forms of replenishment management. We achieve effective inventory management by staying in core product offerings, maintaining positive vendor relationships, and carefully planning inventory levels for seasonal and apparel items to minimize markdowns. The Liquidity and Capital Resources section in MD&A provides additional details. Competition We compete with traditional and internet retailers, including department stores, general merchandise retailers, wholesale clubs, retailers, drug stores, supermarkets, brands, and other forms of retail commerce. Our ability to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers and provide compelling value to our guests largely determines our competitive position within the retail industry. Intellectual Property Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy. Our principal trademarks, including Target, our "Expect More. Pay Less." brand promise, and our "Bullseye Design," ha ve been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We also seek to obtain and preserve intellectual property protection for our brands. Geographic Information Nearly all of our sales are generated within the U.S. The vast majority of our property and equipment is located within the U.S. In addition to our administrative operations headquartered in the U.S., we perform additional administrative functions in Bangalore, India, and perform global sourcing operations from offices in 12 countries, predominantly in Asia and Central America. Available Information Our internet website is corporate.target.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available free of charge on the Investors section of our website (corporate.target.com/investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the SEC maintains a website (sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, or our corporate website (corporate.target.com). Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 7 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Information About Our Executive Officers Executive officers are elected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships between any of the officers named and any other executive officer or member of the Board of Directors, or any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. Name Title and Recent Business Experience Age Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 2014. 66 Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since February 2024. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2019 to October 2024. 48 Rick H. Gomez Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since July 2024. Executive Vice President and Chief Food, Essentials and Beauty Officer from January 2024 to July 2024, Executive Vice President and Chief Food and Beverage Officer from February 2021 to January 2024. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing, Digital & Strategy Officer from December 2019 to February 2021. 55 A. Christina Hennington Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Growth Officer since July 2024. Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer from February 2021 to July 2024. Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Hardlines, Essentials and Capabilities from January 2020 to February 2021. 50 Melissa K. Kremer Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2019. 47 Jim Lee Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2024. Prior to joining Target, Mr. Lee held various leadership positions with PepsiCo, Inc., including as Deputy Chief Financial Officer from November 2023 to September 2024, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance from October 2022 to November 2023, and Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and Senior Vice President, PepsiCo Beverages North America, from February 2019 to October 2022. 50 Cara A. Sylvester Executive Vice President and Chief Guest Experience Officer since May 2022. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing & Digital Officer from February 2021 to May 2022. Senior Vice President, Home from March 2019 to February 2021. 47 Amy Tu Executive Vice President, Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary since August 2024. Prior to joining Target, Ms. Tu held various leadership positions with Tyson Foods, Inc., including as President, International from October 2022 to August 2024, Chief Administrative Officer from October 2022 to August 2023, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary from October 2021 to January 2023, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 2020 to October 2021, and Executive Vice President and General Counsel from December 2017 to November 2020. 57 Matthew L. Zabel Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer since October 2023. Executive Vice President and General Counsel from May 2022 to October 2023. Senior Vice President, Risk and Employee & Labor Relations from August 2020 to May 2022. Senior Vice President, Enterprise Risk from September 2017 to August 2020. 56 TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 8 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks. The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. These are not the only risks we face and there may be other risks that could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Competitive and Reputational Risks If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We attempt to differentiate our guest experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, advertising, and marketing. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including guest perceptions regarding our shopping experience, the safety and cleanliness of our stores, our ability to offer products at affordable prices, the desirability and exclusivity of our offerings, our levels, the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our ability to responsibly source merchandise, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. If we fail to differentiate our guest experience from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Consumers continue to migrate to digital channels and seek out multiple fulfillment options, which has affected the ways we attempt to differentiate ourselves. Since consumers can quickly comparison shop using digital tools, they may make decisions based solely on price or convenience, which could limit our ability to differentiate from our competitors. In addition, providing multiple fulfillment options, expanding our digital channels, and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests’ expectations. If we are unable to offset our investments in these or other initiatives with improved performance or efficiencies, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not anticipate and adapt to consumer behavior or developments and offerings by our competitors, we may not be able to compete effectively. For example, we may be unable to match or surpass the advances in technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) that our competitors implement for platforms or for internal operations, which could adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, generative artificial intelligence presents emerging ethical issues and could negatively impact our guests and team members. If our use of generative artificial intelligence becomes controversial or is inaccurate or ineffective, our reputation and competitive position could be adversely affected. Consumers may also use channels, devices, technologies, and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) to initiate shopping searches and place orders, which could make us dependent on the capabilities and search algorithms of those third parties to reach those consumers. Any failures or difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts or adapting to offerings by our competitors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we do not anticipate consumer demand and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. A large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make decisions in a broad range of merchandise categories and offer those products at affordable prices. If we do not accurately predict consumer demand and quickly respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, we may experience lower sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to accurately predict consumer demand and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, successfully implementing new technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence), emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. We have not always been able to accurately predict consumer demand or rapid changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, which has previously resulted in insufficient or excess inventory, increased inventory markdowns, higher costs (including for storage, transportation, labor, and other expenses), and adverse impacts on our results of operations. If we are unable to accurately predict consumer demand and effectively adapt to future changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 9 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships, including with our guests, team members, and vendors. We believe that one of the reasons our shareholders, guests, team members, and vendors choose Target is the positive reputation we have built over many years for serving those constituencies and the communities in which we operate. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve Target's reputation. Our reputation is largely based on perceptions. It may be difficult to address negative publicity or sensationalism across media channels, regardless of its accuracy or the reputability of its source, including as a result of fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative artificial intelligence or bad actors). Negative incidents (including those based on differing perspectives or opinions) involving us, our workforce, or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence and result in changes in consumer behavior including consumer boycotts, workforce unrest or walkouts, government investigations, and litigation. Negative reputational incidents or negative perceptions of us could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through lower sales, the termination of business relationships, loss of new store and development opportunities, higher costs, and team member engagement, retention, and recruiting difficulties. We have previously experienced negative perceptions of our business, which have adversely affected consumer behavior and our results of operations, and we could experience similar occurrences in the future. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) have evolving, varied, and sometimes conflicting expectations regarding many aspects of our business, including our operations, product and service offerings, and environmental, social, and governance matters. Some of these individuals and organizations have expectations that Target offer or not offer certain products and services or pursue or not pursue certain environmental, social, and governance initiatives, including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion . We have previously been unable to meet some of those conflicting expectations, which has led to negative publicity and adversely affected our reputation. For example, we experienced adverse reactions from some of our shareholders, guests, team members, and others related to our assortment of Pride Month products in 2023 and other positions we have taken with respect to social issues, including LGBTQIA+ matters, which have previously resulted in consumer boycotts and litigation. We may in the future take actions that do not meet the conflicting expectations of some or all of our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) regarding various aspects of our business, including our operations, product and service offerings, and environmental, social, and governance matters. As a result, we may experience adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We previously established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, including with respect to sustainability and human capital management. We have modified and concluded, and may continue to modify and conclude, certain of these goals and initiatives from time to time. For example, we recently announced that we modified and concluded certain of our initiatives related to diversity, equity, and inclusion, which resulted in adverse reactions from some of our shareholders, guests, team members, and others. Our establishment and continuation of any goals or initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, any modification or termination of such goals or initiatives, or any failure or perceived failure by us to achieve them, could result in negative reactions from our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) and lead to adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. In particular, certain federal and state officials and agencies have asserted that corporate initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, including with respect to sustainability and diversity, equity, and inclusion, violate various federal and state laws. Although we believe that all of our corporate initiatives have complied with applicable laws, we could still become subject to litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings, including as it relates to corporate initiatives that have concluded. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 10 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Reputational harm can also occur indirectly through companies and others with whom we do business or whose products we sell. We have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi’s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. In addition, we have relationships with companies that sell and ship items directly to guests through our digital channels. We also have relationships with designers, celebrities, influencers, and other individuals, including for advertising campaigns and marketing programs. If consumers have negative experiences with, or view unfavorably, any of the companies or individuals with whom we have relationships, it could cause them to not shop with us and negatively impact our results of operations. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brand products, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our owned and exclusive brand products represent approximately one third of our overall merchandise sales and generally carry higher margins than equivalent national brand products. Our ability to source, develop, and market our owned and exclusive brands depends on many factors, including our ability to anticipate consumer demand and preferences and make decisions, our relationships with vendors, the availability and price of raw materials, product quality, and our ability to offer products at affordable prices. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brands, or if we are unable to successfully protect our related intellectual property rights, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, our reliance on owned and exclusive brand products may also amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, because many of these products are imported and we are more involved in the development and sourcing of those products. For example, any failure of our owned brands to meet applicable safety standards or Target's or our guests' expectations regarding safety, quality, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities, and exacerbate our reputational risks. In addition, owned brand products generally need longer lead times between order placement and product delivery and require us to take ownership of those products earlier in the supply chain. This requires accurate forecasting of consumer demand to effectively manage our operations, including for categories where consumer preferences may change rapidly, and exposes us to enhanced risks of supply chain disruptions. We have previously been, and may in the future be, unable to accurately predict consumer demand for our owned brand products. This has resulted, and may in the future result, in insufficient or excess inventory, increased inventory markdowns, and higher costs. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. We have historically experienced loss of inventory (also called shrink) due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. In recent years, we have experienced elevated levels of inventory shrink relative to historical levels, which have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and financial condition. To protect against rising inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. In addition, sustained high rates of inventory shrink at certain stores have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to the closure of certain stores and the impairment of assets. We depend on seasonal moments and merchandise to drive sales and net earnings growth. Our business experiences some seasonality, with a larger portion of our sales traditionally occurring in the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. In addition to the November and December holiday sales period, we also see increased sales activity during the and period and other seasonal moments throughout the year. As a result, any factors negatively impacting us during any of these periods, including weather conditions, natural disasters, macroeconomic conditions, consumer preferences, and political or economic uncertainty or instability, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We offer our guests a assortment of everyday essentials and differentiated merchandise. However, we depend on sales of our merchandise to drive net earnings growth. As a result, flat sales and sales declines of our merchandise have previously limited, and may in the future limit, our ability to drive net earnings growth. Furthermore, we are subject to cyclical trends in consumer spending, which may TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 11 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements disproportionately impact sales of certain merchandise and result in lower sales for our merchandise. Such trends have previously adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our results of operations. Investment and Infrastructure Risks If our capital investments do not achieve appropriate returns or our efficiency efforts are not successful, our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. When building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, or other difficulties related to those projects could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, remodels and new store projects have previously been, and may in the future be, delayed or cancelled based on changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, and other factors, which could result in the inefficient deployment of our capital and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, and supply chain infrastructure. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores, and might not provide the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, our strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. Underestimating our replenishment capacity needs could result in lower levels or increased costs for temporary storage. Conversely, overestimating replenishment capacity needs, changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, and other factors have resulted, and could in the future result, in delays or cancellations of supply chain infrastructure projects. Such delays or cancellations have resulted, and may in the future result, in the inefficient deployment of our capital relative to our expectations, including as a result of carrying costs for facilities that are not being utilized. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have undertaken an initiative to simplify and gain efficiencies across our business, with a focus on reducing complexities and lowering costs. We cannot guarantee that we will realize all of the potential cost savings from this initiative and we may experience difficulties and delays in identifying and achieving such cost savings, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A significant disruption to our technology systems and our failure to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on technology systems throughout our business, including systems that we develop internally. We also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet to use our technology systems. These systems are subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power and other outages, telecommunications failures, failures, malicious attacks, security breaches, unplanned downtime, program transitions, and implementation errors. Any damage or disruption to our technology systems could severely interrupt our business operations, including our ability to process guest transactions and manage inventories, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, in the past, we have experienced disruptions in our system that prevented our ability to process debit or credit transactions, which negatively impacted some guests’ experiences and generated negative publicity. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in maintaining and updating our technology systems, but implementing significant changes increases the risk of system disruption. Furthermore, the technology systems that we develop internally may become outdated or ineffective and may be unable to match or surpass systems. Problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could adversely affect our operational efficiency and negatively impact our guests and their confidence in us. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 12 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks If our efforts to maintain information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. As part of our business, we receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties. We also rely extensively on information systems throughout our business. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. However, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents, detect attacks, or implement adequate preventive measures as cyber threats continue to evolve and cyberattacks become more sophisticated and frequent, including through the introduction of viruses and malware (such as ransomware) and the use of enhanced technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) by threat actors. Cyberattacks are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. In addition, hardware or software that we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects that could compromise information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our information systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, deception, social engineering, or other bad acts. Errors or malicious actions by our team members or contractors, faulty password management, and other vulnerabilities or irregularities could also overcome our security measures or those of third parties with whom we do business and result in a compromise or breach of our or their information systems. The utilization of hybrid and remote work by our team members, vendors, independent contractors, and other third parties has amplified our already extensive reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded Internet access. Furthermore, the training we conduct as part of our information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy efforts may not be effective in preventing or limiting successful attacks. We and our vendors face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to, sabotage, take control of, and corrupt, our information systems and data. As a result of these types of attempts, both we and our vendors have experienced information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. None of these incidents has recently had a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Since we previously experienced a prominent data breach, additional information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy incidents could draw greater scrutiny. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, our business operations could be severely disrupted and we could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our payment cards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The legal and regulatory environment regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy is dynamic and has strict requirements, including for the use and treatment of personal data. Complying with current or contemplated information security, cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, and data processing laws and regulations (including reporting and disclosure regimes), or any failure to comply, could cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, and expose us to litigation and regulatory risks, each of which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 13 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Supply Chain and Risks Changes in our relationships with our vendors or other companies, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our operations or supply chain, and increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors, independent contractors, and other third parties (including common carriers) to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. If our replenishment and fulfillment network does not operate properly, if we are unable to timely import certain merchandise, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services like they experienced in recent years, we could experience merchandise , delays in shipping and receiving merchandise, and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. In addition, we have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi’s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. Any termination of, or adverse change in, our relationship with any of these companies could decrease our sales, increase our costs, and negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. A significant portion of the merchandise that we offer is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the U.S., with China as our single largest source of merchandise we import. Any trade disputes or changes in tax or trade policy between the U.S. and countries from which we source merchandise, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, could require us to take certain actions, including raising prices on products we sell and seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors in other countries. In particular, recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, Mexico, Canada, and other countries and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries could result in us incurring substantial additional costs to procure a large portion of the merchandise we offer and may require us to raise prices on certain products. In addition, if our competitors do not keep pace with any such price increases or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions, our competitive position may be adversely affected. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Political or economic uncertainty or instability, trade policies, disputes, or sanctions, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, transport capacity and costs, inflation, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, or other events that have affected, and could in the future affect, foreign trade are beyond our control. These types of events have impacted us, and could impact us in the future, including by disrupting our supply of merchandise, increasing the price and limiting the availability of raw materials, increasing our costs, and adversely affecting our results of operations. For example, there have been periodic closings and ship diversions, armed conflicts, unrest, labor disputes, and congestion disrupting railways, trucking, waterways, and ports around the world, including at major U.S. ports where we receive a significant portion of the products we source from outside the U.S. We have from time to time made alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions in the U.S. and other countries. If these types of events recur and impact any of the locations or modes of transportation that we depend on, it could increase our costs and adversely affect our supply of inventory. In addition, prices of fuel and other commodities on which our supply chain depends are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations based on a variety of international and domestic factors. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, as have occurred in recent years, could further increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. If services we obtain from third parties are unavailable, fail to meet our standards, or increase in cost, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We rely on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, replenishment and fulfillment operations, store and supply chain infrastructure, delivery services (including by independent contractors via our Shipt subsidiary), guest contact centers, payment processing, and extensions of credit for our payment card program. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations (including as a result of any labor disputes or labor unavailability at such third parties), if any services are interrupted, or if they fail to meet our performance standards, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 14 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements In addition, we incur significant expenses related to our reliance on services from third parties. If we are unable to effectively manage these costs or if we face significant increases in any of these costs, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In particular, for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we generally pay interchange fees and other processing fees. Given the continued adoption of credit and debit cards by consumers, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as a result of these fees. Any increase in these fees over time could significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Legal, Regulatory, Global, and Other External Risks Our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending in the U.S. Nearly all of our sales are in the U.S., making our results highly dependent on the health of the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer behavior, confidence, and spending, which can be affected by a variety of factors, including inflation, interest rates, housing prices, unemployment rates, legal and regulatory actions (including through executive orders), immigration policies and trends, household debt and wage levels, credit usage, and crime rates. In addition, the interconnected nature of the global economy means that events occurring domestically or internationally, such as geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, public health crises, legal and regulatory actions, immigration policies and trends, energy availability, trade policies, disputes, or sanctions, and market volatility can all affect macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. A deterioration in U.S. macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence or spending could adversely affect our business in many ways, such as negatively impacting consumer demand (which may disproportionately affect demand for certain merchandise), reducing sales (including our credit card revenue), reducing gross margins, and increasing our expenses, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions or natural disasters, the impacts of a changing climate, and other catastrophic events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including the physical impacts of a changing climate, and other catastrophic events can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lower sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we have significant operations in certain states where natural disasters (including hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, and earthquakes) are more prevalent. Natural disasters in those states or in other areas where we operate has previously resulted, and could in the future result, in significant physical damage to, or closure of, one or more of our stores, distribution centers, facilities, or key vendors. Furthermore, weather conditions, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events in areas where we or our vendors operate, or depend upon for continued operations, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the availability and cost of certain products within our supply chain, consumer purchasing power, and consumer demand. Additionally, acts of violence and other crimes, including active shooter situations, at or around our stores, distribution centers, or other facilities may negatively impact the safety and security of our workforce and guests, damage our facilities, and harm our reputation. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The potential impacts of a changing climate may be widespread and unpredictable and present a variety of risks in the and . The physical effects of a changing climate, such as natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, drought, and rising sea levels, could adversely affect our results of operations, including by increasing our energy costs, disrupting our supply chain, negatively impacting our workforce, damaging our stores, distribution centers, and inventory, and threatening the habitability of the locations in which we operate. In addition to physical risks, the potential impacts of a changing climate also present transition risks, including regulatory and reputational risks. For example, we use commodities and energy inputs in our operations that may face increased regulation due to a changing climate or other environmental concerns, which could increase our costs. Furthermore, our establishment and continuation of our goals and initiatives to create a more resilient business, or any modification, conclusion, failure, or perceived failure by us to achieve them, or to otherwise meet evolving, varied, and sometimes conflicting expectations from our shareholders, guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) regarding the environment and our goals and initiatives to create a more resilient business, could lead to adverse perceptions of our business, consumer boycotts, litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 15 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We rely on a large, global, and changing workforce of team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. If we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. With over 400,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. Many team members are in or positions with high turnover rates historically. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, labor availability, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, immigration laws and regulations (including through executive orders), and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain a workforce meeting our needs (including for specialized roles with significant competition for talent) or are unable to successfully execute on succession planning at all levels of the organization, our operations, strategy, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts and activism, which could negatively impact how we are perceived by team members and our overall reputation. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs, how we operate our business, and our results of operations. In addition to our U.S. operations, we perform additional administrative functions in Bangalore, India, and perform global sourcing operations from offices in 12 countries, predominantly in Asia and Central America, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. In particular, we rely on our administrative functions in India for various business operations and any events that negatively impact the availability or effectiveness of our administrative functions in India, including political or economic uncertainty or instability, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, weather conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, social unrest, terrorist attacks, and armed conflicts, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could adversely affect our results of operations. If any of our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or Target’s or our guests’ expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing, we could be exposed to legal and reputational risks and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination and product defects, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Our sourcing vendors, including any third parties selling through our digital channels, must also meet our expectations and comply with applicable laws and regulations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing. We have a social compliance audit process that performs audits regularly, but we cannot continuously monitor every vendor, so we are also dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with applicable standards. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of these standards not being met may increase. Negative guest perceptions regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 16 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our failure to comply with applicable laws, or changes in these laws, could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business is subject to a wide variety of complex laws and regulations. Our expenses could increase and our operations could be adversely affected by changes in law or adverse judicial developments involving our workforce, including an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, health care or other mandates, the classification of exempt and employees, and the classification of workers as either employees or independent contractors. The classification of workers as employees or independent contractors, in particular, is an area that has experienced legal challenges and legislative changes. Our Shipt subsidiary, which facilitates delivery services (including delivery to our guests), has faced, and continues to face, legal challenges to its worker classification. If, as a result of judicial decisions or legislation, Shipt is required to treat its network of independent contractors as employees, we may experience higher digital fulfillment costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There have been, and may continue to be, changes in the legal or regulatory environment (including as a result of executive orders) affecting many areas related to our business, including merchandise costs and availability, workforce availability, transport costs and capacity, information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, supply chain requirements, product safety, product quality, payment methods, environmental, social, and governance matters (including sustainability and diversity, equity, and inclusion), and climate and emissions disclosure. The ultimate impact of any changes in the legal or regulatory environment (including as a result of executive orders) is not possible to predict and could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition, including by increasing our expenses, reducing consumer demand for our products and services, limiting workforce availability for us and our vendors, and resulting in litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings against us. In addition, if we are unable or perceived to be unable to comply with any changes in the legal or regulatory environment (including as a result of executive orders), our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws, laundering laws, import restrictions, responsible sourcing laws, and sanctions programs, we could be subject to legal and reputational risks, including government enforcement actions and private litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Litigation and other legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We are regularly involved in a variety of legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration, claims, investigations, and inquiries. The frequency of any such proceedings could increase in the future. These proceedings relate to a wide range of matters, including commercial disputes, employment, environmental, social, and governance matters, intellectual property rights, personal injury, shareholder actions, securities claims, and matters relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These matters are inherently uncertain, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves. Determining applicable reserves and possible losses related to such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. In addition, our assessment of the materiality and likely outcome of these matters may not be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. Responding to these matters has required, and may in the future require, us to devote significant resources and incur significant expenses, even for those that are , which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Any of these proceedings could also generate negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 17 RISK FACTORS & UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Financial Risks Increases in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. Several factors influence our effective income tax rate, including domestic and international tax laws and regulations, the related interpretations, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net earnings. In addition, changes in our operations both in and outside of the U.S. may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. Furthermore, we are subject to regular reviews and ongoing audits by both domestic and international tax authorities. Although we believe our tax positions and estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome could differ significantly from our recorded tax amounts and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. We are dependent on a stable, liquid, and financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. Our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, the condition of the banking sector, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. If rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances and borrowings. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments and lead to losses on derivative positions from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to achieve our projected results or otherwise fail to meet market expectations regarding our financial performance, the price and volatility of our stock could be adversely affected. Our results of operations have previously fluctuated from quarter to quarter, sometimes significantly, and may do so again in the future. If we fail to achieve our projected results, if our guidance is not aligned with market expectations, if we modify our guidance, if we modify our share repurchase program or our approach to dividend distributions, or if we fail to meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, our stock price may decline (as it has at times in recent years), and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to any shortfall in our financial performance. Additionally, factors such as performance results for our competitors and news or announcements by us, our competitors, and other third parties (including governmental entities and officials and organizations) may result in a decline and volatility in our stock price. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 18 CYBERSECURITY Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Set forth below is information regarding our cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance, along with a related description of our information security and data privacy practices. Securing company systems, business information, and personal information of our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties is important to us. We have systems in place to: • safely receive, protect, and store that information; • collect, use, and share that information appropriately; and • detect, contain, and respond to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. While everyone at Target plays a part in information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, oversight responsibility is shared by our Board of Directors, its committees, and management. Responsible party Oversight of information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy Board of Directors Oversight of these topics within Target’s overall risks Audit & Risk Committee Primary oversight responsibility for information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, including internal controls designed to identify, assess, and manage risks related to these topics Management Our Chief Information and Product Officer, Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Legal & Compliance Officer, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, and other senior members of our cybersecurity, risk, and compliance and ethics teams are responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing risks related to these topics, and reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee and/or the full Board of Directors Our program and practices regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy include the following: • Audit & Risk Committee and Board of Directors updates. To inform and educate the Audit & Risk Committee in its primary oversight responsibility for information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, management provides updates on these topics. For example, the Chief Information Security Officer addresses information security risks and controls, cyber threats, and other program updates, and senior members of the risk team provide enterprise risk management program updates. In addition, the Board of Directors receives updates from management regarding Target’s overall risks, which include risks related to these topics. • Integration into enterprise risk management program. By aligning the identification, assessment, and management of risks related to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy with our overall approach to risk oversight by the Board of Directors, its committees, and management, we have integrated these practices into our enterprise risk management program. • Management expertise. Our Chief Information and Product Officer leads the strategic direction and management of Target’s product and engineering teams. He is responsible for Target’s enterprise technology systems and oversees Target’s cybersecurity, data platforms, data science, infrastructure, product engineering, and enterprise product teams. He previously served as Target's Chief Digital and Product Officer and held a variety of leadership roles in enterprise technology and product management prior to joining Target. He has developed significant knowledge and skills regarding enterprise technology systems, including cybersecurity. Our Chief Information Security Officer has a strong background in technology, information security, cybersecurity, risk management, audit, and compliance and held executive roles in information security prior to joining Target. He contributes to the broader cybersecurity community by serving in several board and advisory roles and promoting collaboration, best practice sharing, and talent development. Our Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer have extensive experience, and have developed critical knowledge and skills, in the areas of risk oversight and compliance, including as such areas relate to cybersecurity. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 19 CYBERSECURITY Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • Systems and processes. We use a combination of tools and technologies to protect Target and our guests, operate a proactive threat intelligence program to identify and assess risks, including from threats associated with our use of service providers, and we run a cyber fusion center to investigate and respond to threats. Our program is based on recognized industry security standards and control frameworks, which we seek to validate through internal and independent assessments. Our cybersecurity team regularly tests our controls through penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, and attack simulation. In addition, we have an incident response program to address potential security and privacy incidents. As part of this incident response program, members of management are informed about and monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of potential security and privacy incidents. The program uses a coordinated escalation model to provide information to, and engage with, relevant members of management and the Board of Directors, as needed, throughout the incident response process. • Understanding evolving threats in the industry and with our suppliers. Our cybersecurity and data privacy teams work to understand evolving threats, developing issues, and industry trends, and our vendor teams monitor and assess risks with our suppliers. • Collaboration with organizations across different industries. We share threat intelligence and collaborate with organizations across different industries to share best practices, fight cybercrime, enhance privacy, discuss new technologies, better understand the evolving regulatory environment, and advance capabilities in these areas. • Investment, training, and development of our cybersecurity and data privacy teams. We invest in building and developing cybersecurity talent and engineering expertise rather than relying solely on providers. We also offer training and educational courses through our Cyber Plus Institute, which is a security training curriculum leveraging internal subject matter expertise along with curated resources. Our data privacy team has industry certifications, works to understand changing technologies that impact consumer privacy, and regularly participates in training and conferences. • Regular training and compliance activities for our team members. Our team members receive annual training on information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy topics to understand the behaviors and technical requirements necessary to protect company and guest information, and appropriately collect, use, and share personal information. We also offer ongoing practice and education for team members to recognize and report suspicious activity. • Use of third parties. Beyond our capabilities we engage with leading security and technology vendors to assess our information security and cybersecurity program and test our technical capabilities. • Insurance coverage. We maintain insurance coverage intended to limit our exposure to certain network security and privacy matters. See “Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks” in Part I, Item 1A , Risk Factors for additional information regarding risks from cybersecurity threats. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 20 PROPERTIES Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 2. Properties Stores as of February 1, 2025 Stores Retail Square Feet (in thousands) Stores as of February 1, 2025 Stores Retail Square Feet (in thousands) Alabama 23 3,153 Montana 7 777 Alaska 3 504 Nebraska 14 2,015 Arizona 46 6,080 Nevada 18 2,262 Arkansas 9 1,165 New Hampshire 10 1,236 California 318 37,707 New Jersey 52 6,467 Colorado 45 6,361 New Mexico 10 1,185 Connecticut 22 2,872 New York 107 11,244 Delaware 5 699 North Carolina 54 6,945 District of Columbia 5 342 North Dakota 4 594 Florida 132 17,694 Ohio 65 7,865 Georgia 51 6,827 Oklahoma 15 2,167 Hawaii 10 1,446 Oregon 19 2,240 Idaho 7 725 Pennsylvania 78 9,317 Illinois 102 12,328 Rhode Island 4 517 Indiana 32 4,186 South Carolina 21 2,537 Iowa 22 3,008 South Dakota 5 580 Kansas 17 2,385 Tennessee 31 3,963 Kentucky 14 1,575 Texas 157 21,580 Louisiana 16 2,195 Utah 17 2,216 Maine 6 741 Vermont 1 60 Maryland 40 5,055 Virginia 60 7,763 Massachusetts 50 5,559 Washington 38 4,376 Michigan 54 6,300 West Virginia 7 851 Minnesota 72 10,310 Wisconsin 38 4,614 Mississippi 6 743 Wyoming 3 257 Missouri 36 4,690 Total 1,978 248,278 Stores and Supply Chain Facilities as of February 1, 2025 Stores Supply Chain Facilities (a) Owned 1,538 39 Leased 280 25 Owned buildings on leased land 160 2 Total 1,978 66 (a) Supply Chain Facilities includes distribution centers, sortation centers, and other facilities with a total of 68.5 million square feet. We own and lease our corporate headquarters buildings and other office spaces in the Minneapolis, Minnesota, area and elsewhere in the U.S. We also lease office space in other countries. Our properties are in good condition, well maintained, and suitable to carry on our business. For additional information on our properties, see the Capital Expenditures section in MD&A and Notes 10 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 21 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS & MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 3. Legal Proceedings As previously disclosed in Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 2, 2024, on November 15, 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota dismissed the purported federal securities law class action against Target Corporation and certain of its officers relating to certain prior disclosures of Target about its business model, strategy, and inventory. This proceeding was previously described in Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2024, and Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2023. On January 31, 2025, and February 20, 2025, Target Corporation and members of its Board of Directors were named as defendants in two purported federal securities law class actions filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. The complaints allege violations of Sections 10(b), 14(a), and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rules 10b-5 and 14a-9 relating to certain prior disclosures of Target about risks related to its environmental, social, and governance initiatives (including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion) and oversight of those risks. One plaintiff is seeking to represent a class of shareholders who purchased or otherwise acquired Target common stock between August 26, 2022, and November 19, 2024, and the other plaintiff is seeking to represent a class of shareholders who purchased or otherwise acquired Target common stock between March 9, 2022, and August 16, 2023. Both plaintiffs have marked the class actions as related to a previously filed individual federal securities action in which the court denied a motion to dismiss. The plaintiffs seek damages and other relief, including attorneys’ fees, based on allegations that the defendants misled investors, including about the risks associated with Target’s environmental, social, and governance initiatives (including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion) and its 2023 Pride Month merchandise collection, and oversight of those risks. The plaintiffs allege that such conduct affected the value of Target common stock. Target intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. TARGET CORPORATION 2024 Form 10-K 22 OTHER INFORMATION Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TGT." We are authorized to issue up to 6,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par 

[truncated]