Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The information set forth in Note 2 (Recent Accounting Pronouncements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 28 Table of Contents Statements This report contains “ statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information, which are based on forecasts of future results or events and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, growth, developments, and business strategies. We claim the protection of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all statements in this report. These statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” and similar terms and phrases or future or conditional verbs such as “could,” “may,” “should,” “will,” and “would.” However, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and other expectations reflected in or suggested by such statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that we will achieve those plans, intentions, or expectations. All statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that we expected. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are disclosed under the section entitled “Trends and Key Factors Affecting our Financial Performance” above, the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and from time to time in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our other US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and public communications. These factors include, among others: • relationships with our vendor partners and wholesale distributors and the terms of their agreements; • the ability of vendor partners, wholesale distributors, and providers to fulfill their responsibilities and commitments and our reliance on certain key vendor partners and wholesale distributors; • our dependence on the continued innovations in technology by our vendor partners; • the use or capabilities of artificial intelligence and the challenges related to its adoption; • substantial competition that could reduce our market share; • the continuing development, maintenance, and operation of our information technology (“IT”) systems; • potential breaches of data security and failure to protect our IT systems from cybersecurity threats; • potential failures to provide services to our customers; • potential losses of any key personnel, significant increases in labor costs, or ineffective workforce management; • potential service failures or disruptions related to outsourcing arrangements with certain business processes; • potential adverse occurrences at one of our primary facilities or data centers, including as a result of climate change; • increases in the cost of commercial delivery services or disruptions of those services; • exposure to accounts receivable and inventory risks; • the costs and risks associated with, and the successful and timely execution and effects of, strategic investments or acquisitions or entry into joint ventures, including our ability to align our investment efforts with our strategic goals; • future operating results may fluctuate significantly due to rapid changes in the technology industry and broader market conditions; • the costs and risks associated with, and the successful and timely execution and effects of, our existing and any future business opportunities, expansions, initiatives, strategies, investments, and plans; • fluctuations in foreign currency and the impact to our operating results; • global and regional economic and political conditions, including the impact of inflationary pressures and the level of interest rates; • decreases, delays, or changes in spending on technology products and services, including impacts of adverse changes in government spending and funding policies, federal procurement policies, and US government shutdowns; • potential disruptions in the supply of products from our suppliers, including capacity limitations and cost increases resulting from heightened demand related to artificial intelligence workloads; • potential failures to comply with public sector contracts or applicable laws and regulations; • current and future legal proceedings, investigations, and audits, including intellectual property infringement claims; • potential failure to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations applicable to our operations or to meet sometimes conflicting stakeholder expectations on environmental sustainability and corporate responsibility matters; • our level of indebtedness and the obligations imposed by agreements and instruments relating to our indebtedness; • fluctuations in the market price and trading volumes of our common stock and changes in, or the discontinuation of, our share repurchase program or dividend payments; and • other risk factors or uncertainties identified from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 29 Table of Contents All written and oral statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by those cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not reflect all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ from our expectations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof or, with respect to any documents incorporated by reference, available at the time such document was prepared or filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk See “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures of Market Risks” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. As of March 31, 2026, there have been no material changes in this information. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, and that information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended March 31, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 30 Table of Contents PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The information set forth in Note 10 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included in “Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements” of this report is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors See “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. There have been no material changes to our risk factors during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Information relating to the Company’s purchases of its common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026 is as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (in millions) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan or Program (in millions) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (in millions) January 1 through January 31, 2026 0.1 $ 130.04 0.1 $ 667.2 February 1 through February 28, 2026 0.8 129.34 0.8 568.6 March 1 through March 31, 2026 0.7 120.13 0.7 483.6 Total 1.6 1.6 (1) The amounts presented in this column are the remaining total authorized value to be spent after each month’s repurchases. Pursuant to a program authorized by our Board of Directors, we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in privately negotiated transactions, open market purchases, or other transactions as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing and amounts of any purchases will be based on market conditions and other factors including but not limited to share price, regulatory requirements, and capital availability. The program does not require the purchase of any minimum dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. As of March 31, 2026, the Company has approximately $484 million remaining under the program. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 31 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Description 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). ________________ * Filed herewith ** These items are furnished and not filed. 32 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CDW CORPORATION Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ Albert J. Miralles Albert J. Miralles Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Enterprise Business Operations (Duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 33