TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Section 1.01. Relation to Base Indenture 2 Section 1.02. Definitions 2 Section 1.03. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 14 Section 1.04. Rules of Construction 15 ARTICLE II THE NOTES Section 2.01. Form and Dating; Terms 16 Section 2.02. Execution and Authentication 17 Section 2.03. Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Depository 18 Section 2.04. Holder Lists 18 Section 2.05. Transfer and Exchange 18 ARTICLE III REDEMPTION Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee 22 Section 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 22 Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption 23 Section 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption 24 Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price 24 Section 3.06. Notes Redeemed in Part 25 Section 3.07. Optional Redemption 25 Section 3.08. Mandatory Redemption 25 ARTICLE IV COVENANTS Section 4.01. Additional Covenants 25 Section 4.02. [Reserved] 27 Section 4.03. Reports and Other Information 27 Section 4.04. Compliance Certificate 27 Section 4.05. Issuers’ Existence 27 ARTICLE V SUCCESSORS i Section 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets 28 ARTICLE VI DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES Section 6.01. Events of Default 28 Section 6.02. Acceleration 30 Section 6.03. Control by Majority 30 ARTICLE VII TRUSTEE Section 7.01. No Obligation of the Trustee 31 Section 7.02. Rights of Trustee 31 Section 7.03. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc 32 Section 7.04. Eligibility; Disqualification 32 ARTICLE VIII LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE Section 8.01. Covenant Defeasance 32 Section 8.02. Repayment to Issuers 33 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders of Notes 33 Section 9.02. With Consent of Holders of Notes 34 ARTICLE X GUARANTEE Section 10.01. Guarantor 36 Section 10.02. Execution and Delivery 36 Section 10.03. [Reserved] 36 Section 10.04. Guarantor May Consolidate, Etc., on Certain Terms 36 Section 10.05. Release of Guarantee 36 ARTICLE XI SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE Section 11.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 37 ii ARTICLE XII CHANGE OF CONTROL Section 12.01. Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event 37 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS Section 13.01. Trust Indenture Act Controls 40 Section 13.02. Notices 40 Section 13.03. Governing Law 41 Section 13.04. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 41 Section 13.05. Successors 42 Section 13.06. Severability 42 Section 13.07. Counterpart Originals 42 Section 13.08. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 42 Section 13.09. U.S.A. Patriot Act 42 iii EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Note Exhibit B Form of Notational Guarantee iv This SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this “ Supplemental Indenture ”), dated as of September 21, 2026, is among CDW LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (“ CDW ”), CDW Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ FinanceCo ” and, together with CDW, the “ Issuers ”), CDW Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ Parent ” and the “ Guarantor ”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (in such capacity, the “ Trustee ”). W I T N E S S E T H WHEREAS, the Issuers, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association have executed and delivered a base indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Base Indenture ”) to provide for the future issuance of the Issuers’ senior debt securities to be issued from time to time in one or more series; WHEREAS, Section 9.01(11) of the Base Indenture permits CDW, the Guarantors and the Trustee, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, to enter into an indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of and provide for the issuance of any series of Securities without notice to or consent of any Holder of any Securities; WHEREAS, Section 2.01(a) of the Base Indenture permits the form of Securities of any series to be established in an indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture; WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.02 of the Base Indenture, the Issuers desire to provide for the establishment of a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, the form and substance of such series of Securities and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture (together, the “ Indenture ”); WHEREAS, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has duly authorized the creation of and issuance of $600,000,000 of 5.700% Senior Notes due 2029 (such $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount, the “ Initial Notes ”) to be issued and authenticated under the Indenture; WHEREAS, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture; and WHEREAS, all conditions and requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture, when executed and delivered, a valid agreement of the Issuers, in accordance with its terms, have been performed and fulfilled. NOW, THEREFORE, the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1 Section 1.01. Relation to Base Indenture . This Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of the Base Indenture (the provisions of which, as modified through this Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the series of Securities established by this Supplemental Indenture) but, except as expressly provided herein, shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series of Securities or, except as expressly provided herein, modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. Section 1.02. Definitions . “ Agent Members ” means members of, or participants in, the Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream. “ Applicable Procedures ” means, with respect to any transfer or transaction involving a Global Note or beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depository for such Global Note, to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from time to time. “ Attributable Value ” means, in respect of any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, as of the time of determination, the lesser of: (a) the sale price of the Principal Property so leased multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction and the denominator of which is the base term of such lease; and (b) the total obligation (discounted to present value at the rate of interest implicit in the transaction, as determined in good faith by CDW, or, if it is not practicable to determine such rate, the rate of interest specified by the terms of the debt securities, in either case compounded ) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items that do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction. “ Authentication Order ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02 . “ Base Indenture ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. “ Beneficial Owner ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such “person” will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such “person” has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition. The terms “ Beneficially Owns ,” “ Beneficially Owned ” and “ Beneficial Ownership ” have a corresponding meaning. “ Cash Equivalents ” means: 2 (1) U.S. dollars; (2) (i) Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Euro, or any national currency of any participating member state of the economic and monetary union contemplated by the Treaty on European Union; or (ii) in the case of CDW or a Subsidiary, such local currencies held by them from time to time in the ordinary course of business; (3) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such government with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (4) certificates of deposit, time deposits and Eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, bankers’ acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with (i) any lender under the Senior Loan Facilities or an Affiliate thereof or (ii) any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $250.0 million in the case of U.S. banks and $100.0 million (or the U.S. Dollar Equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of .S. banks; (5) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (3) and (4) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above; (6) commercial paper rated P-1 by Moody’s or A-1 by S&P and in each case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof; (7) marketable money market and similar securities having a rating of P-1 or A-1 from either Moody’s or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and in each case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof; (8) investment funds investing 95% of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (1) through (7) above; (9) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody’s or S&P with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (10) investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated A (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or A3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody’s; 3 (11) shares of investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and substantially all the investments of which are one or more of the types of securities described in clauses (1) through (10) above; and (12) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, investments of comparable tenure and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (11) above or other high quality short term investments, in each case, customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short term cash management purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clauses (1) and (2) above; provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clauses (1) and (2) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten (10) Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. “ Cash Pooling Arrangements ” means a deposit account arrangement among a single depository institution, CDW and one or more Foreign Subsidiaries involving the pooling of cash deposits in and overdrafts in respect of one or more deposit accounts (each located outside of the United States and any States and territories thereof) with such institution by CDW and such Foreign Subsidiaries for cash management purposes. “ CDW ” has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof. “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the sale, lease, transfer or other conveyance, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of CDW and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; (2) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase of Beneficial Ownership, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of CDW or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, including, without limitation, Parent; (3) the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of CDW; or (4) CDW or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, including, without limitation, Parent, consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into CDW or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, including, without limitation, Parent, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the outstanding Voting Stock of CDW or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, including, without limitation, Parent, or such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Voting Stock of CDW or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, including, without limitation, Parent, outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or 4 are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction. “ Change of Control Payment ” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.01(a) . “ Change of Control Payment Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.01(b) . “ Change of Control Offer ” means a written offer to purchase required to be made pursuant to Section 4.01(c) and Article XII to all Holders. “ Change of Control Offer Expiration Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.01(c) . “ Change of Control Repurchase Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event. “ Clearstream ” means Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency. “ Consolidated Total Assets ” means at any date, total assets of CDW and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis prepared in accordance with GAAP, shown on the most recent balance sheet of CDW and its Subsidiaries. “ Covenant Defeasance ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01 . “ Definitive Note ” means a certificated Note issued that does not include the Global Notes Legend. For the avoidance of doubt, each Definitive Note is a Definitive Security. “ Disqualified Stock ” means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is putable or exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale), in whole or in part, in each case prior to the earlier of the final Maturity Date or the date the Notes are no longer outstanding; provided , however , that if such Capital Stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of CDW or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by CDW or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations; provided , further , that any Capital Stock held by any future, current or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant of CDW, any of its Subsidiaries, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any other entity in which CDW or a Subsidiary has an investment, in each case pursuant to any stock subscription or shareholders’ agreement, management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by CDW or its Subsidiaries. “ Domestic Subsidiaries ” means, with respect to any Person, any subsidiary of such Person other than a Foreign Subsidiary. 5 “ Euroclear ” means the Euroclear Clearance System or any successor securities clearing agency. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning provided in Section 6.01 . “ Existing Inventory Financing Agreements ” means the following agreements, in each case, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, refinanced, refunded, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time: (i) that certain Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2014, by and among Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (as successor to GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation), CDW Logistics LLC, CDW Technologies LLC, CDW Government LLC, CDW Direct, LLC, and CDW, (ii) that certain Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2007, by and among Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (as successor to GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation), CDW Logistics, Inc., CDW Technologies, Inc., CDW Direct, LLC, and CDW Government LLC, (iii) that certain Agreement for Wholesale Financing—Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, by and between IBM Credit LLC, and CDW Logistics LLC, (iv) that certain Agreement for Wholesale Financing—Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, by and between IBM Credit LLC, and Sirius Computer Solutions, Inc., (v) that certain Supply Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2026, by and among CDW Logistics LLC, Eliant Inventory Logistics LP, and CDW Corporation, and (vi) that certain Agreement for Wholesale Financing (Unsecured Credit Agreement), dated as of August 14, 2026, by and among Peridot Financing Solutions LLC, CDW Logistics LLC, Sirius Computer Solutions, LLC, and Sirius Federal, LLC. “ FinanceCo ” has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof. “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc., or any successor to the rating agency business thereof. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect on the Issue Date, except for any reports required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Indenture, which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP in effect on the date thereof. At any time after the Issue Date, CDW may elect to apply International Financial Reporting Standards (“ IFRS ”) accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such election, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided in the Indenture); provided that any such election, once made, shall be irrevocable; provided , further , any calculation or determination in the Indenture that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters ended prior to CDW’s election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP. CDW shall give notice of any such election made in accordance with this definition to the Trustee and the holders of Notes. For purposes of the Indenture, the term “ consolidated ” with respect to any Person means such Person consolidated with its Subsidiaries. “ Global Note ” means a permanent global Note in definitive, fully registered form. For the avoidance of doubt, each Global Note is a Global Security. “ Global Notes Legend ” means the legend set forth in Section 2.05(g) . 6 “ Governmental Authority ” means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any body exercising such powers or functions). “ Guarantee ” means the guarantee of the obligations of the Issuers under the Indenture and the Notes by Parent in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. When used as a verb, “ Guarantee ” shall have a corresponding meaning. “ Guarantor ” means Parent. “ Holder ” means the Person in whose name a Note of a series is registered, in each case on the Registrar’s books. “ incur ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b) . “ Indebtedness ” means, with respect to any Person, (a) any indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not contingent: (i) in respect of borrowed money, (ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments, (iii) evidenced by letters of credit (or, without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), (iv) Capitalized Lease Obligations, or (v) representing the deferred and unpaid balance of the purchase price of any property (other than Capitalized Lease Obligations), if and to the extent that any of the foregoing Indebtedness (other than letters of credit) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP, (b) to the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by such Person to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, the Indebtedness of another Person (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), (c) Disqualified Stock of such Person, and (d) to the extent not otherwise included, Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person); 7 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall be deemed not to include (A) contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (B) items that would appear as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP as a result of the application of ASC 842-40, “ Transactions,” (C) [Reserved], (D) obligations under or in respect of the Existing Inventory Financing Agreements and other similar inventory financing agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, (E) any such balance that constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business, (F) liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business, (G) and other contingent payments in respect of acquisitions except to the extent that the liability on account of any such or contingent payment becomes fixed, (H) deferred or prepaid revenue and (I) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller. The amount of Indebtedness of any person under clause (d) above shall be deemed to equal the lesser of (x) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness secured by such Lien and (y) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such person in good faith. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such other Person, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. “ Indenture ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. “ Initial Notes ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. “ Interest Payment Date ” means March 21 and September 21 of each year to the Maturity Date. “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- or better by Fitch (or the equivalent), Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or an equivalent rating by any other Rating Agency. “ Issue Date ” means September 21, 2026. “ Issuers ” has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof. “ Lien ” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest or other encumbrance on, in or of such asset, and (b) the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in such asset and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction with respect to such asset; provided that in no event shall an operating lease or occupancy agreement be deemed to constitute a Lien. “ Maturity Date ” means September 21, 2029. “ Note ” or “ Notes ” means any Note authenticated and delivered under the Indenture, including the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes issued. 8 “ Officer ’ s Certificate ” means a certificate signed on behalf of CDW, by an Officer of CDW who is the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of CDW and on behalf of FinanceCo, by an Officer of FinanceCo who is the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of FinanceCo, that meets the requirements set forth in the Indenture. “ Officer’s Certificate of CDW” means a certificate signed on behalf of CDW by an Officer of CDW who is the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of CDW that meets the requirements set forth in the Indenture. “ Officer’s Certificate of Guarantor ” means a certificate signed on behalf of the Guarantor by an Officer of the Guarantor who is the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of the Guarantor that meets the requirements set forth in the Indenture. “ Par Call Date ” means August 21, 2029. “ Permitted Liens ” means the following types of Liens: (1) deposits of cash or government bonds made in the ordinary course of business to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party; (2) [Reserved]; (3) [Reserved]; (4) [Reserved]; (5) [Reserved]; (6) [Reserved]; (7) [Reserved]; (8) [Reserved]; (9) [Reserved]; (10) [Reserved]; (11) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default; (12) in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, or deposits to secure the performance of tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases, or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import or customs duties or for the payment of rent, or deposits or other security securing liabilities to insurance carriers under insurance or 9 arrangements or earnest money deposits required in connection with a purchase agreement or other acquisition, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (13) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by applicable law, (i) arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than ninety (90) days, (ii) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (iii) the existence of which would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect; (14) easements, zoning restrictions, and similar encumbrances on real properties imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the conduct of business; (15) leases, licenses, subleases, sublicenses or operating agreements (including, without limitation, licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property) granted to others in the ordinary course of business that do not interfere in any material respect with the business of CDW or any of its material Subsidiaries or which do not by their own terms secure any Indebtedness; (16) the rights reserved or vested in any Person by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit held by CDW or any of its Subsidiaries or by a statutory provision, to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit, or to require annual or periodic payments as a condition to the continuance thereof; (17) banker’s Liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a depositary institution; (18) Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings regarding operating leases or consignments entered into by CDW and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (19) [Reserved]; (20) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person’s obligations in respect of bankers’ acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business; (21) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; (22) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of CDW or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business 10 of CDW and its Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into by CDW or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (23) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by CDW or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted under the Indenture; (24) Liens with respect to the assets of a Subsidiary securing Indebtedness of such Subsidiary; (25) Liens arising by operation of law under Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code in favor of a reclaiming seller of goods or buyer of goods; (26) security given to a public or private utility or any Governmental Authority as required in the ordinary course of business; (27) landlords’ and lessors’ Liens in respect of rent not in default for more than sixty days or the existence of which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect; (28) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods; (29) Liens on securities which are the subject of repurchase agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business; (30) [Reserved]; (31) Liens on inventory or equipment of CDW or any of its Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of business to CDW’s or such Subsidiary’s clients or customers at which such inventory or equipment is located; (32) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers and Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof (whether accrued or not), rights or claims against an insurer or other similar asset securing insurance premium financings; (33) Liens on cash deposits of CDW and Foreign Subsidiaries subject to a Cash Pooling Arrangement or otherwise over bank accounts of CDW and Foreign Subsidiaries maintained as part of the Cash Pooling Arrangement, in each case securing liabilities for overdrafts of CDW and Foreign Subsidiaries participating in such Cash Pooling Arrangements; (34) [Reserved]; (35) Liens consisting of customary contractual restrictions on cash and Cash Equivalents; 11 (36) Liens securing the Notes and related Guarantee; and (37) Liens securing other Indebtedness; provided that at the time of and after giving effect to the incurrence thereof, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the greater of $1,200.0 million and 10% of Consolidated Total Assets of CDW and its Subsidiaries. “ Principal Property ” means CDW’s corporate headquarters and any warehouse or distribution center, together with any land, land improvements, buildings and fixtures related thereto, owned or leased at the Issue Date or acquired after that date by CDW or a Subsidiary and which is located within the United States, other than: (a) any property which in the opinion of CDW’s Board of Directors is not of material importance to the total business conducted by CDW and its Subsidiaries as an entirety; or (b) any portion of a particular property which is similarly found not to be of material importance to the use or operation of such property. “ Rating Agencies ” means Fitch, Moody’s and S&P or if Fitch, Moody’s or S&P or any of them shall not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the Issuers which shall be substituted for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P or any of them, as the case may be. “ Ratings Event ” means the rating of a series of Notes is lowered by each of the Rating Agencies and a series of Notes are rated below Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (which period will be extended so long as the rating of a series of Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing on the earlier of the date of the first public occurrence of a Change of Control or the date of public announcement by CDW of an agreement that, if consummated, would result in a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control. “ Record Date ” for the interest payable on any applicable Interest Payment Date means the March 6 and September 6 (whether or not on a Business Day) immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. “ Required Holders ” as to a series of Notes means, as of any date of determination, Holders that hold such Notes that, in the aggregate, represent more than 50% of the sum of the principal amount of all Notes of such series outstanding at such time. “ Revolving Loan Facility ” means that certain senior revolving loan facility credit agreement, dated as of December 17, 2025, among CDW, CDW Finance Holdings Limited, the guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and certain other parties specified therein, providing for revolving loans, including any related notes, debentures, bonds, guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and in each case as amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced (whether at maturity or thereafter) or refinanced from time to time in one or more agreements, indentures, notes, bonds, facilities or other forms of indebtedness in whole or in part (in each case with the same or new agents, lenders or investors), including any agreement adding or changing the borrower or issuer or any guarantor or extending the maturity thereof or otherwise 12 restructuring all or any portion of the Indebtedness thereunder or increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder or altering the maturity thereof. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Sale/Leaseback Transaction ” means an arrangement relating to property owned by CDW or any Subsidiary whereby CDW or such Subsidiary sells or transfers such property to any Person and CDW or any Subsidiary leases such property from such Person or its Affiliates. “ Senior Loan Facilities ” means the Revolving Loan Facility and the Term Loan Facility. “ Significant Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary that would be a “significant subsidiary” as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the Issue Date. “ subsidiar y” means, with respect to any Person (the “ parent ”) at any date, (a) any Person the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date and (b) any other Person (i) of which Equity Interests representing more than 50% of the equity value or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. “ Subsidiary ” means any subsidiary of CDW. “ Term Loan Facility ” means that certain senior term loan facility credit agreement, dated as of December 17, 2025, among CDW, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and certain other parties specified therein, providing for term loans, including any related notes, debentures, bonds, guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and in each case as amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced (whether at maturity or thereafter) or refinanced from time to time in one or more agreements, indentures, notes, bonds, facilities or other forms of indebtedness in whole or in part (in each case with the same or new agents, lenders or investors), including any agreement adding or changing the borrower or issuer or any guarantor or extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all or any portion of the Indebtedness thereunder or increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder or altering the maturity thereof. “ Treasury Rate ” means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Issuers in accordance with the following two paragraphs: The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuers after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 13 System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily) — H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“ H.15 ”) under the caption “U.S. government securities — Treasury constant maturities — Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“ H.15 TCM ”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuers shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the “ Remaining Life ”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields — one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life — and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published the Issuers shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuers shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuers shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. “ Supplemental Indenture ” means this Supplemental Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. “ Uniform Commercial Code ” means the New York Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time. “ Voting Stock ” of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. Section 1.03. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act . Whenever this Supplemental Indenture refers to a provision of the Trust Indenture Act, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Supplemental Indenture. 14 Section 1.04. Rules of Construction . Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a term not defined herein that is defined in the Base Indenture, has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture; (b) the definition of any term in this Supplemental Indenture that is also defined in the Base Indenture, shall for the purposes of this Supplemental Indenture supersede the definition of such term in the Base Indenture; (c) the definition of a term in this Supplemental Indenture is not intended to have any effect on the meaning or definition of an identical term that is defined in the Base Indenture insofar as the use or effect of such term in the Base Indenture, as previously defined, is concerned; provided that, in each case solely as such provisions of the Base Indenture apply to the Notes, (i) each of the following terms, when used in provisions of the Base Indenture as applied to the Notes, shall be read to have the definition provided in this Supplemental Indenture rather than the definition provided in the Base Indenture: “Authentication Order,” “Cash Equivalents,” “GAAP,” “Guarantee,” “Guarantor,” “Indebtedness,” “Lien” and “Subsidiary” and (ii) each instance of “Officers’ Certificate” in provisions of the Base Indenture as applied to the Notes shall read “Officer’s Certificate”; (d) an accounting term not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to the Indenture shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein; (e) “or” is not exclusive; (f) “including” means including without limitation; (g) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; (h) “will” shall be interpreted to express a command; (i) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; (j) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor sections or rules adopted by the Commission from time to time; (k) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an “Article,” “Section ” or “clause” refers to an Article, Section or clause, as the case may be, of this Supplemental Indenture; (l) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not any particular Article, Section, clause or other subdivision; 15 (m) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including”; the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding”; and the word “through” means “to and including”; and (n) any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under the Indenture shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a if there is no nearest number). ARTICLE II THE NOTES Section 2.01. Form and Dating; Terms . Pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.02 of the Base Indenture, there is hereby established a series of Securities, the terms of which shall be as follows: (a) Designation . The Notes shall be known and designated, as applicable, as the “5.700% Senior Notes due 2029” of the Issuers. The Notes shall be initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $600,000,000. (b) Form . Global Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (including the Global Notes Legend thereon and the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto). Definitive Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Notes Legend thereon and without the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto). Each Global Note shall represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified in the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto and each shall provide that it shall represent up to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note in definitive form to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with Section 2.02 of the Base Indenture, as amended by Section 2.02 hereof. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules, usage or agreements to which the Issuers or the Guarantor is subject, if any ( provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Issuers). The Trustee’s certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto by the manual signature of a Responsible Officer of the Trustee. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall, in accordance with Section 2.02 of the Base Indenture, as amended by Section 2.02 hereof, authenticate and initially deliver one or more Global Notes that (i) shall be registered in the name of the Depository for such Global Note or Global Notes or the nominee of such Depository and (ii) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depository or pursuant to such Depository’s instructions or held by the Trustee as Custodian. 16 (c) Denominations . The Notes shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. (d) Interest Rate . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture, Notes shall bear interest for the period from and including the date such Note was issued to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, at a rate per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months) equal to 5.700%. (e) Optional Redemption . The Notes shall not be redeemable at the Issuers’ option, other than as provided in Article III . (f) Transferability . Each Holder shall have an unconditional right to sell its Notes subject to, and in compliance with, the provisions of the Indenture and applicable law. (g) Additional Notes . Additional Notes ranking pari passu with the Initial Notes (such notes, the “ Additional Notes ”) may be created and issued from time to time by the Issuers without notice to or consent of the Holders and shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Notes and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the Initial Notes. The Initial Notes offered by the Issuers and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. (h) Terms . The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall govern and be controlling. Section 2.02. Execution and Authentication . The fourth paragraph of Section 2.02 of the Base Indenture shall be amended and restated in its entirety with respect to the Notes as follows: “The Trustee shall authenticate and deliver the Initial Notes for issue in a principal amount of $600,000,000 upon a written order of the Issuers signed by an Officer of each of the Issuers for the authentication and delivery of the Initial Notes with the Guarantee endorsed thereon (an “ Authentication Order ”). In addition, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver from time to time upon receipt of an Authentication Order and satisfaction of any other conditions precedent hereunder, Additional Notes for an aggregate principal amount specified therein (to the extent permitted hereunder). In each case, such Authentication Order shall specify the amount of such Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the original issue of such Notes is to be authenticated, whether such Notes are to be Definitive Notes or Global Notes and the number of separate certificates thereof, whether the Notes are Initial Notes or Additional Notes, and such other information as the Trustee may reasonably request.” 17 Section 2.03. Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Depository . The Issuers hereby initially appoint the Trustee as Registrar, Paying Agent and Transfer Agent in connection with the Notes and DTC to act as Depository with respect to the Global Notes. The Issuers shall maintain an office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, the City and State of New York, where Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment and for registration of transfer or exchange. If at any time the Issuers shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. The Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer and for exchange at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or at any other office or agency maintained by the Issuers for such purpose. The place of payment for the Notes shall be at such office or agency maintained by the Issuers in the Borough of Manhattan, the City and State of New York. Section 2.04. Holder Lists . Section 2.05 of the Base Indenture shall be amended and restated in its entirety with respect to the Notes as follows: “The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders and shall otherwise comply with Trust Indenture Act Section 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Issuers shall furnish, or cause the Registrar to furnish, to the Trustee in writing at least five (5) Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes, including the aggregate principal amount of Notes held by each Holder thereof, and the Issuers shall otherwise comply with Trust Indenture Act Section 312(a).” Section 2.05. Transfer and Exchange . (a) The Notes shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon the surrender of a Note for registration of transfer and in compliance with this Section 2.05 . When a Note is presented to the Registrar or with a request to register the transfer, the Registrar or a shall register the transfer as requested if its requirements therefor are met. When Notes are presented to the Registrar or with a request to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Notes of other denominations, the Registrar shall make the exchange as requested if the same requirements are met. (b) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes . A Global Note may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of the Depository or to a successor Depository or a nominee of such successor Depository. A beneficial interest in a Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note unless (i) the Depository (x) notifies the Issuers that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for such Global Note or (y) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depository is not appointed by the Issuers within 120 days or (ii) there shall have occurred and be continuing a Default with respect to the Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding events in (i) or (ii) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in such names as the Depository shall instruct the Trustee in accordance with the Depository’s customary procedures. In connection with the transfer of a Global Note as an entirety to beneficial owners pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) , such Global Note 18 shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depository in writing in exchange for its beneficial interest in such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 of the Base Indenture. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.05 or Sections 2.07 or 2.10 of the Base Indenture, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.05(b) ; however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Sections 2.05(c) and (d) hereof. (c) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes . The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depository, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the applicable rules and procedures of the Depository. Beneficial interests in any Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(e) . (d) Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Definitive Notes . If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.05(c) hereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.05(h) hereof, and the Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.05(d) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from or through the Depository and the Agent Member. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. (e) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes . A Holder of a Definitive Note may exchange such Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in a Global Note or transfer such Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Global Notes. (f) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes . Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holder’s compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.05(f) , the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly 19 authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.05(f) . A Holder of Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Notes. (g) Global Notes Legend . Each Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“ DTC ”), NEW YORK, NEW YORK, TO CDW OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO DTC, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. (h) Cancellation or Adjustment of Global Note . At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depository at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depository at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase. (i) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges (i) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt 20 of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 of the Base Indenture, as amended by Section 2.02 hereof, or at the Registrar’s request. (ii) No service charge shall be made to a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuers may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp or transfer tax, assessments or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such stamp or transfer taxes, assessments or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.07, 2.10 or 9.05 of the Base Indenture or Section 3.06 or Section 4.01(c) or Article XII hereof). (iii) Neither the Registrar nor the Issuers shall be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note selected for redemption or tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed or tendered in part. (iv) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuers, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. (v) The Issuers shall not be required (A) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business fifteen (15) days before the day of any selection of such Notes for redemption under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of selection or (B) to issue, register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes so selected for redemption in whole or in part. (vi) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Issuers may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on such Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note is overdue, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Issuers shall be affected by notice to the contrary. (vii) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuers designated pursuant to Section 4.02 of the Base Indenture, the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more replacement Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount. (viii) At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes and of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes or Definitive Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, the replacement Global Notes and Definitive 21 Notes which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 of the Base Indenture, as amended by Section 2.02 hereof. (ix) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.05 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile. (x) Any Holder of a Global Note shall by acceptance of such Global Note, agree that transfers of beneficial interest in such Global Note may be effected only through a system maintained by (i) the Holder of such Global Note (or its agent) or (ii) any Holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, and that ownership of a beneficial interest in such Global Note shall be required to be reflected in a book entry. (xi) The Agent Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depository or by the Trustee as Custodian or under such Global Note, and the Depository may be treated by the Issuers, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuers or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuers, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuers or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depository or impair, as between the Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and their respective Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depository governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Note. ARTICLE III REDEMPTION Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee . If the Issuers elect to redeem Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, they shall furnish to the Trustee, at least fifteen (15) Business Days before notice of redemption is required to be delivered or caused to be delivered to Holders pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof but not more than sixty (60) days before a Redemption Date, an Officer’s Certificate of CDW setting forth (i) the paragraph or subparagraph of such Note and/or Section of this Supplemental Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, (ii) the Redemption Date, (iii) the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (iv) the Redemption Price, if then determinable, or the manner in which the Redemption Price will be determined. If the Redemption Price is not then determinable, the Issuers shall deliver the Redemption Price to the Trustee promptly after it has been determined. Section 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed . If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee shall select the Notes to be redeemed on a pro rata basis among those to be redeemed to the extent practicable, or if a pro rata basis is not practicable for any reason, by lot or by such other method the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate subject to the rules and procedures of DTC. In the event of partial redemption by lot, the particular Notes to be redeemed shall be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less than fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption. 22 The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuers in writing of the Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. Notes and portions of Notes selected shall be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof; no Notes of less than $2,000 can be redeemed in part, except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even if not a multiple of $1,000, shall be redeemed. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Supplemental Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption. Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption . Except as otherwise provided herein, in the case of Global Notes, the Issuers shall mail or cause to be delivered electronically notices of redemption at least ten (10) days but not more than sixty (60) days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes at its registered address or otherwise in accordance with Applicable Procedures, except that redemption notices may be delivered more than sixty (60) days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with Article VIII or Article XI of the Indenture. The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed and shall state: (a) the Redemption Date; (b) the Redemption Price, if then determinable, or the manner in which the Redemption Price will be determined; (c) if any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed and that, after the Redemption Date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Notes upon cancellation of the original Note; (d) the name, telephone number and address of the Paying Agent; (e) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the Redemption Price; (f) that, unless the Issuers default in making payment of the Redemption Price, interest on Notes called for redemption shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date; (g) the paragraph or subparagraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Supplemental Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed; and (h) the CUSIP and ISIN number, if any, printed on the Notes being redeemed and that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of any such CUSIP and ISIN number that is listed in such notice or printed on the Notes. The Issuers may provide in any notice of redemption delivered in connection with any redemption permitted hereunder that the payment of the Redemption Price and the 23 performance of the Issuers’ obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person and may, at the Issuers’ discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice of redemption shall describe each such condition and, if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers’ discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date as stated in such notice, or by the Redemption Date as so delayed. At the Issuers’ request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Issuers’ name and at their expense; provided that the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee, at least fifteen (15) Business Days before notice of redemption is required to be delivered or caused to be delivered to Holders pursuant to this Section 3.03 (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to by the Trustee), an Officer’s Certificate of CDW, including a written request that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the form of such notice and the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. Section 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption . Once notice of redemption is delivered in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for redemption become irrevocably due and payable on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Price, subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in such notice. The notice, if delivered in a manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. Subject to Section 3.05 hereof, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption. Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price . (a) Prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Redemption Date, the Issuers shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent (or, if one of the Issuers is the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust) money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all Notes to be redeemed. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Issuers any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the Redemption Price of all Notes to be redeemed. (b) If the Issuers comply with the provisions of the preceding paragraph (a), on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption (regardless of whether certificates for such Notes are actually surrendered). If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after a Record Date but on or prior to the related Interest Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was registered at the close of business on such Record Date. If any Note called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender for redemption because of the failure of the Issuers to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the Redemption Date until such principal is paid and, to the extent lawful, 24 on any interest accrued to the Redemption Date not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes, as adjusted, if applicable, by Section 4.01 of the Base Indenture. Section 3.06. Notes Redeemed in Part . Upon surrender and cancellation of a Note that is redeemed in part, the Issuers shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, for the Holder at the expense of the Issuers a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed; provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. Section 3.07. Optional Redemption . (a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Issuers may redeem the Notes at their option in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. (b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuers may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. (c) The actions and determinations of the Issuers in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. (d) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 through Section 3.06 hereof. Section 3.08. Mandatory Redemption . The Issuers are not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. ARTICLE IV COVENANTS Section 4.01. Additional Covenants . In addition to the covenants set forth in the Base Indenture, the Issuers hereby further covenant as follows, the following covenants being for the sole benefit of the Holders of the Notes: 25 (a) Taxes . The Issuers shall pay, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to pay, prior to delinquency, all material taxes, charges, assessments, and governmental levies except such as are contested in good faith and by appropriate negotiations or proceedings and with respect to which appropriate reserves have been taken in accordance with GAAP or where the failure to effect such payment is not adverse in any material respect to the Holders of the Notes. (b) Liens . CDW shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist (collectively, “ incur ”) any Lien (except Permitted Liens) on any Principal Property of CDW or any Subsidiary securing Indebtedness unless the Notes are equally and ratably secured with (or on a senior basis to, in the case of Obligations subordinated in right of payment to the Notes) the Obligations so secured until such time as such Obligations are no longer secured by a Lien. The preceding sentence will not require CDW or any Subsidiary to secure the Notes if the Lien consists of a Permitted Lien. Any Lien created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 4.01(b) shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the initial Lien that gave rise to the Obligation to so secure the Notes. (c) Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control . If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless CDW at such time has given notice of redemption under Section 3.07 hereof with respect to all outstanding Notes, each Holder of Notes will have

[truncated]