Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The information set forth in Note 2 (Recent Accounting Pronouncements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. Statements This report contains “ statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information, which are based on forecasts of future results or events and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, growth, developments and business strategies. We claim the protection of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all statements in this report. These statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “target” and similar terms and phrases or future or conditional verbs such as “could,” “may,” “should,” “will,” and “would.” However, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and other expectations reflected in or suggested by such statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that we will achieve those plans, intentions or expectations. All statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that we expected. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are disclosed under the section entitled “Trends and Key Factors Affecting our Financial Performance” above, the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and from time to 34 Table of Contents time in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our other US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and public communications. These factors include, among others, inflationary pressures; level of interest rates; CDW’s relationships with vendor partners and terms of their agreements; continued innovations in technology by CDW’s vendor partners; the use or capabilities of artificial intelligence; substantial competition that could reduce CDW’s market share; the continuing development, maintenance and operation of CDW’s information technology systems; potential breaches of data security and failure to protect our information technology systems from cybersecurity threats; potential failures to provide services to CDW’s customers; potential losses of any key personnel, significant increases in labor costs or ineffective workforce management; potential adverse occurrences at one of CDW’s primary facilities or data centers, including as a result of climate change; increases in the cost of commercial delivery services or disruptions of those services; CDW’s exposure to accounts receivable and inventory risks; future acquisitions or alliances; fluctuations in CDW’s operating results; fluctuations in foreign currency; global and regional economic and political conditions, including the impact of pandemics such as and armed conflicts; potential interruptions of the flow of products from suppliers; decreases in spending on technology products and services, including impacts of adverse change in government spending policies; potential failures to comply with Public segment contracts or applicable laws and regulations; current and future legal proceedings, investigations and audits, including intellectual property infringement claims; changes in laws, including regulations or interpretations thereof, or the potential failure to meet stakeholder expectations on environmental sustainability and corporate responsibility matters; CDW’s level of indebtedness; restrictions imposed by agreements relating to CDW’s indebtedness on its operations and liquidity; failure to maintain the ratings assigned to CDW’s debt securities by rating agencies; changes in, or the discontinuation of, CDW’s share repurchase program or dividend payments; and other risk factors or uncertainties identified from time to time in CDW’s filings with the SEC. All written and oral statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by those cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not reflect all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ from our expectations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk See “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures of Market Risks” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in this information. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, and that information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 35 Table of Contents PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The information set forth in Note 9 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included in “Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements” of this report is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors See “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Information relating to the Company’s purchases of its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (in millions) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in millions) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (in millions) July 1 through July 31, 2024 0.1 $ 226.39 0.1 $ 816.1 August 1 through August 31, 2024 0.3 219.09 0.3 761.9 September 1 through September 30, 2024 0.1 218.99 0.1 733.5 Total 0.5 0.5 (1) The amounts presented in this column are the remaining total authorized value to be spent after each month’s repurchases. On February 7, 2024, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a $750 million increase to our share repurchase program (which was incremental to the amount remaining under the $750 million authorization announced on February 8, 2023) under which we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in privately negotiated transactions, open market purchases or other transactions as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing and amounts of any purchases will be based on market conditions and other factors including but not limited to share price, regulatory requirements and capital availability. The program does not require the purchase of any minimum dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 36 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Description 4.1 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among CDW LLC, CDW Finance Corporation, CDW Corporation, the other guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 with CDW Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.2 Form of 5.100% Senior Note (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1), previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 with CDW Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.3 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among CDW LLC, CDW Finance Corporation, CDW Corporation, the other guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 with CDW Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.4 Form of 5.550% Senior Note (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3), previously filed as Exhibit 4.5 with CDW Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and between CDW Corporation and Christina M. Corley, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 with CDW Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). ________________ * Filed herewith ** These items are furnished and not filed. 37 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CDW CORPORATION Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ Albert J. Miralles Albert J. Miralles Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 38