Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 06 February 2026 6 February 2026 RWS Holdings plc Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs) RWS Holdings plc ("RWS" or "the Group"), a global AI solutions company , announces that on 5 February 2026, the following PDMRs cancelled savings contracts in respect of options granted in 2025 over ordinary shares of 1 pence each under the RWS Holdings plc Save As You Earn Plan 2018 ("SAYE Plan"): PDMR Position Number of Options lapsed Benjamin Faes Chief Executive Officer 12,551 Jane Hyde General Counsel and Company Secretary 12,551 The PDMRs have applied to participate in the 2026 SAYE Plan and it is expected that new options will be granted following approval. A further announcement will be made in due course. This announcement is made in accordance with Article 19(3) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (as incorporated into UK domestic law by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). RWS Holdings plc Andrew Brode, Interim Chairman Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR advisor) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 020 3128 8100 07884 494112 Deutsche Numis (Nomad & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name 1. Benjamin Faes 2. Jane Hyde 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status 1. Chief Executive Officer 2. General Counsel and Company Secretary b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name RWS Holdings plc b. LEI 213800YGBGTTSKUVK111 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each GB00BVFCZV34 b. Nature of the transaction Cancellation of savings contracts in respect of options granted under the SAYE Plan in 2025. c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. 147p 2. 147p 1. 12,551 2. 12,551 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A - single transaction Nil e. Date of the transaction 2026-02-05 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and