Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 11 December 2025 This announcement contains inside information For immediate release 11 December 2025 RWS Holdings plc Results for the year ended 30 September 2025 Full year adjusted PBT within guidance with encouraging profit improvement in H2 RWS Holdings plc ("RWS", "the Group", "the Company"), a global AI solutions company, today announces its results for the year ended 30 September 2025 ("FY2025") and provides further detail on its growth strategy and medium-term guidance. Financial overview 2025 2024 Change Revenue £690.1m £718.2m -4% OCC revenue -0.7% Adjusted EBITDA¹ £100.8m £140.7m -29% Adjusted profit before tax¹ £60.4m £106.7m -43% Reported (loss)/profit before tax £(99.7)m £60.0m -265% Adjusted basic earnings per share¹ 12.1p 21.6p -44% Basic (loss)/earnings per share (27.0)p 12.8p -39.8p Dividend: Proposed final 4.6p 10.0p -54% Total for year 7.05p 12.45p -43% Operational free cash flow¹ £80.1m £55.1m +45% Net (debt)/cash² £(25.4)m £(12.9)m -£12.5m Financial highlights • Organic constant currency ("OCC")³ revenue broadly flat, reflecting resilience amid market disruption and significant strategic transformation: o Growth in Language Services (up 3% OCC³; flat on a reported basis), driven by strong progress in our AI services business and strong performance in the APAC region o Largely offsetting a decline in Regulated Industries OCC³ revenue (down 10%, 12% reported) primarily due to reduced activity in our linguistic validation business o Language & Content Technology and IP Services were stable on an OCC³ basis (down 3% and 6% reported, respectively), with encouraging SaaS growth • High client retention and satisfaction levels, with 95% repeat services revenue (FY24: 95%) and NPS score of +46 (FY24: +48), demonstrating a high level of trust in RWS. New client wins secured across all divisions and in a wide range of end markets • Momentum in planned shift towards SaaS, a core KPI, now representing 46% of licence revenues (FY24: 39%) • 28% of Group revenues from AI-related products and services (FY24: 25%) • Reported revenue of £690.1m, a 4% decline versus prior year (FY24: £718.2m) • Lower gross margins of 43.4% (FY24: 46.9%), driven primarily by a shift in mix towards Train AI, APAC localisation, SaaS licences and lower Regulated Industries revenues, partially offset by efficiency initiatives • Adjusted profit before tax¹ ("PBT") of £60.4m (FY24: £106.7m), reflecting the impact of lower top-line revenues, lower gross margins and foreign exchange headwinds. The Group delivered a significant H1 (£18m) to H2 (£42m) improvement, through decisive overhead cost reduction in the second half • Adjusting items of £160.1m, an increase from prior year of £113.4m, driven primarily by the non-cash goodwill impairment of £88.0m (relating to Language Services and Regulated Industries) and exceptional items of £22m (restructuring and integration), resulting in a reported loss before tax of £99.7m • £80.1m operational free cash flow¹ ("FCF") (FY24: £55m), reflecting working capital improvements and tighter capex discipline. 126% cash conversion¹ (FY24: 51%) • Modest net debt² position of £25.4m at 30 September 2025 (FY24: net debt of £12.9m) includes payment of £45.9m of dividends during the year and receipt of the final £5.0m from the disposal of PatBase • Following a review of the Company's financial position, performance and strategic priorities, the Board recommends a final dividend of 4.6p per share for FY25 (FY24: 10.0p). Together with the interim dividend of 2.45p per share, this results in a total dividend for the year of 7.05p per share (FY24: 12.45p) • The Board is recommending rebasing the dividend to align shareholder returns more closely with sustainable profit performance. This will support the Company's transition to a technology-led, AI-driven growth strategy. The Board believes this rebased level will ensure sufficient investment capacity to accelerate the Company's AI roadmap and M&A strategy, while maintaining a prudent financial footing • From this rebased level, the Board intends to resume a progressive dividend policy Strategic update and progress • Our strategy is focused on maximising value creation through three growth pillars: • Refreshed go-to-market : Implementing a technology-first, regionally specialised sales approach to drive share of wallet and new logos focusing on enterprise clients in strategic high-value verticals and further developing our partner network • In November 2025 launched Trados as translation agent in Microsoft Co-pilot as part of our Microsoft partnership • Technology and innovation : Using RWS's technology assets and AI expertise to build our next generation of AI-first products, that solve client challenges and are easily embedded in their operations • Finalised the integration of the Papercup technology acquired in June to bring AI dubbing within our delivery capabilities in H2 • Initiated a new strategic partnership with Cohere, a Canadian large language model ("LLM") developer, to develop best-of-breed automated translation and transformation • Efficiency : Developing a more efficient solution, through process rationalisation, further scaling of our offshore delivery centres and automation through the use of AI agents, enabling us to invest in product development • Implemented an efficiency plan that delivered a stronger H2 profit performance • Working with Alvarez & Marsal in Q1 FY26, enhanced the plan to deliver further efficiencies across the Group, including a 10% productivity improvement over the next 18 months • These growth pillars are complemented by a high-performance culture, enabled by better data and insights and clear, performance-driven incentives • Successfully launched our new operating model on 1 October 2025, with the Group organised around three strategic segments, Generate, Transform and Protect • Further strengthened leadership with the appointments of an EVP of Go-to-Market and Head of Media and Entertainment, following the early H2 appointments of a Chief Product & Technology Officer and EVP Strategy & M&A Current trading, outlook and medium-term ambitions • Trading in the early months of FY26 has been encouraging and we have maintained the positive cost control momentum seen in the second half of FY25, while noting the typical H1/H2 weighting of the Group's performance • We expect to deliver low single digit OCC³ revenue growth in FY26, moderate margin expansion and continued strong FCF conversion • In the medium-term we expect Group OCC revenue growth to accelerate, with a gradual improvement in profitability and a normalisation of operational FCF to c.65% • In setting our new strategy, the Group continues to evolve its portfolio to ensure that it is prepared for future opportunities, with greater focus, adding assets or streamlining where necessary to accelerate development • In early October the Group successfully refinanced its revolving credit facility. We increased the facility from $220m to $285m, extended the maturity date to October 2029 and refreshed and strengthened our banking syndicate. The Group continues to be well capitalised, supporting our plans for future growth • Following Candida Davies's decision to step down as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and from her Board position as Executive Director, in October we announced the appointment of Stephen Lamb as CFO; Stephen is expected to join RWS during Q1 2026 • We also announce today that Julie Southern, Chairman and David Clayton, Senior Independent Director ("SID"), have informed the Board of their intention to step down as Chairman and SID respectively and as directors of the Company, with effect from 31 December 2025. Ben Faes, Chief Executive Officer of RWS, commented: "FY25 was a pivotal year for RWS, as we moved to become a technology-led AI solutions partner, trusted to power seamless operations for global enterprises. Our new strategy is a recalibration of our value proposition. We have unified our engineering power under a new Chief Product and Technology Officer and executed our first major brand re-positioning in two decades, to better reflect our proposition today and for the future. By placing technology at the core, we are now addressing the full AI value chain - exemplified by our acquisition of the IP of Papercup, which fast-tracks our capabilities in AI-generated dubbing and synthetic media. "Our financial performance in the year reflected the challenges we face as our markets continue to evolve and it also validated our conviction that we can and must lead the shift in our industry. We have responded with decisive action, delivering material cost reductions in the second half and drawing us towards a leaner, faster operating model fit for a technology-led company. "With a Net Promoter Score of +46, trust remains the bedrock of our business. Our global presence, access to large, digitally-addressable markets and longstanding embedded relationships with our strong enterprise client base provide robust foundations. With our proprietary technology and data, specialised expertise, integrated AI lifecycle solutions, and proven track record in transforming mission-critical content, RWS is uniquely positioned to grow on the back of AI advancements as the natural trusted partner for enterprises navigating the AI revolution. As we enter FY26, we do so with a scalable technology stack, a clear strategy and the energy to define the future of global understanding." Analyst Presentation: A results presentation and strategy update for analysts and investors will be held today at 09:30 GMT. For those who would like to attend, please contact RWS@mhpgroup.com . A recording of the webcast will be made available on the Group's website via: https://www.rws.com/about/investors/results-and-reports/ . For further information, please contact: RWS Holdings plc Ben Faes, Chief Executive Officer Candida Davies, Chief Financial Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR Adviser) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 07884 494 112 Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Jane Hyde, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary. About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localization and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . Forward-looking statements This announcement contains certain statements that are forward-looking. These include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations and those of our officers, Directors and employees concerning, amongst other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the business we operate. By their nature, these statements involve uncertainty since future events and circumstances can cause results and developments to differ materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at the date of preparation of this document and, unless otherwise required by applicable law, RWS undertakes no obligation to update or review these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast. RWS and its Directors accept no liability to third parties in respect of this document save as would arise under English law. Notes: 1. RWS uses adjusted results as key performance indicators as the directors believe these provide a more consistent measure of operating performance. The definitions for these key performance indicators can be found in the Glossary. 2. Net debt comprises cash and cash equivalents less loans but before deducting lease liabilities. 3. Adjusted to reflect a like-for-like comparison between reporting periods and assumes constant currency across both reporting periods. Chairman's statement FY25 was a challenging year for RWS, marked by a decline in overall financial performance. However, decisive action in the second half, including a successful efficiency programme, helped to improve profitability. In January 2025, the Board was delighted to welcome Ben Faes as Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). His impact has been immediate and transformative, introducing a bold new strategy that evolves RWS from a language services leader into an AI solutions enterprise partner. This redefinition of our market approach places technology-led innovation at the absolute core of the Group's mission. The rapid evolution of generative AI, coupled with the global explosion of digital content, continues to be the primary catalyst transforming our markets and creating new opportunities. Our new strategy, supported by an Executive Team that was strengthened by several new appointments, positions RWS for accelerated, profitable growth. The Group operates in highly attractive, defensible markets with a combined global value of approximately £32 billion. Our proprietary technology, deep specialist domain expertise and trusted reputation are vital assets as our global clients increasingly integrate advanced AI into their core operations. Financial performance and capital strength In FY25 the Group generated revenues of £690.1m, a 4% decline from the prior year (£718.2m). On an Organic Constant Currency ("OCC") basis, revenue was broadly flat versus the prior year, highlighting resilience amid market transition and significant strategic transformation. • Growth drivers: Performance was underpinned by OCC growth in our Language Services division, driven by our TrainAI data solutions and strong performance in the APAC region. Both Language and Content Technology and IP Services were flat on an OCC basis, led by strong recurring revenue performance in Propylon and our patent renewals business respectively. Revenue in Regulated Industries declined, primarily due to reduced volume in linguistic validation services. • Profitability: Reported loss before tax was £(99.7)m (FY24: £60.0m), while adjusted profit before tax was £60.4m (FY24: £106.7m). This result reflects the impact of lower top-line revenues and the friction of market transition, partially mitigated by decisive and material overhead cost reduction in the second half of the year. The Group's balance sheet remains strong, with net assets of £763.2m as at 30 September 2025 (FY24: 899.6m). Net debt (excluding lease liabilities) stood at £25.4m (FY24: £12.9m). Following the year-end, we successfully renewed our revolving credit facility, increasing it from $220m to $285m and extending the maturity date to October 2029. This action leaves the Group well-capitalised and provides the necessary medium-term liquidity to support our future organic and inorganic growth ambitions. People, leadership and organisational agility At 30 September 2025, RWS employed 7,649 full-time equivalents across 52 global locations (FY24: 8,059). We continue to drive organisational agility and efficiency. Our flexible working model ensures talent retention and operational effectiveness, while our strategy to rationalise our global footprint has resulted in the closure of 11 offices during the year, delivering meaningful savings in property and associated operating costs. Ben Faes was appointed as CEO and a Board member in January 2025. He is a proven global business leader with a strong track record of driving digital transformation across the technology and media sectors. His extensive background, including senior roles at AOL and Alphabet (Google Cloud, YouTube monetisation), provides the precise expertise needed to leverage proprietary technology and transform our business model for profitable, organic growth. Ben has made solid progress in a short period, bringing vital energy and strategic focus to the business. Board changes Having joined the Board at a pivotal time in the Group's development in July 2022, RWS now has an exciting AI-led strategy in place, led by a new technology focused CEO and supported by a strengthened Board. With these firm foundations in place, it is a good time to hand the reins over to a new Chair as RWS embarks on its next chapter, and I have informed the Board of my intention to step down as Chairman and as a director of the Company. With a Board now consisting of a majority of independent Non-executive Directors, David Clayton has also decided to step down following his 16 years as a Board member of SDL and RWS. David and I will step down with effect from 31 December 2025. Andrew Brode and Gordon Stuart will become interim Chairman and interim Senior Independent Director respectively, whilst the search for my successor is undertaken. The outcome of that process will be announced in due course. Sustainability and ESG Our heritage is anchored in a strong commitment to the highest standards of environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practice, forming the ethical foundation for our operations. We are pleased to report that RWS is on track to meet its Science Based Targets initiative emissions targets for FY25, achieving a 6% overall year-on-year decrease in greenhouse gas emissions. Significant reductions in Scope 1 and 2 emissions are a direct result of our focus on operational efficiency and facility right-sizing. Dividend Following a review of the Company's financial position, performance and strategic priorities, the Board recommends a final dividend of 4.6p per share for FY25 (FY24: 10.0p). Together with the interim dividend of 2.45p per share, this results in a total dividend for the year of 7.05p per share (FY24: 12.45p). The Board is recommending rebasing the dividend to align shareholder returns more closely with sustainable profit performance. This will support the Company's transition to a technology-led, AI-driven growth strategy. The Board believes this rebased level will ensure sufficient investment capacity to accelerate the Company's AI roadmap and M&A strategy, while maintaining a prudent financial footing. From this rebased level, the Board intends to resume a progressive dividend policy. Subject to final shareholder approval at the AGM, the final dividend will be paid on 20 February 2026 to shareholders on the register as at 16 January 2026 . Summary The performance challenges faced in FY25 were disappointing and highlight the necessity of embracing a new vision and pursuing a refreshed growth strategy. Our global presence, access to large, digitally-addressable markets and our strong enterprise client base remain solid foundations. Given our proprietary technology and specialised expertise, RWS is uniquely positioned to capitalise on advancements in AI. With the new vision, a decisive growth strategy and a strengthened leadership team built for the AI era, I am confident that we are well-positioned to drive the Group forward and deliver long-term value creation. Julie Southern | Chairman 10 December 2025 Chief executive officer's review FY25 was a definitive year of transformation for RWS. We have moved beyond the boundaries of a traditional language services provider to become a technology-led AI solutions partner, capable of powering seamless operations for global enterprises. Our new strategy is a recalibration of our value proposition. We have unified our engineering power under a new Chief Product and Technology Officer and executed our first major rebrand in two decades. By placing technology at the core, we are now addressing the full AI value chain - exemplified by our acquisition of Papercup, which fast-tracks our capabilities in AI-generated dubbing and synthetic media. While our financial performance declined this year, reflecting the challenges we face as our markets continue to evolve, it also validated our conviction: the old model is shifting, and we must lead that shift. We have responded with decisive action, delivering material cost reductions drawing us towards a leaner, faster operating model fit for a technology company. With a Net Promoter Score of +46 , trust remains the bedrock of our business. As we enter FY26, we do so with a scalable technology stack, a clear strategy and the energy to define the future of global understanding. A new direction: Engineering global intelligence Since joining RWS I have undertaken an intensive review of our platform, engaged deeply with our clients, and mobilised our high-calibre talent. It is clear that RWS is an indispensable strategic partner for the world's leading enterprises, underpinned by a robust portfolio of proprietary technologies. We operate at unmatched global velocity and scale, a capability driven by the expertise and commitment of our exceptional teams. The market transition is accelerating - fuelled by the rapid rise of Generative AI and a global explosion of content. This shift is not a threat; it is the single largest growth opportunity in our history. To seize it, we must fundamentally reset our operating model to ensure we are product-led and technology-first. In June, we unveiled a new strategic mandate: to become the world's leading AI Solutions Partner. Our vision is to move beyond generic applications, uniquely focusing on making artificial intelligence work in the complex, high-stakes reality of the global enterprise. Addressing the enterprise AI deficits Central to our new positioning is our ability to resolve three critical, interconnected deficits that currently prevent widespread, trusted deployment of AI at scale: • The data deficit: Generic AI is trained on the public internet. Our clients demand domain-specific, clean linguistic data. Our proprietary datasets and domain experts inject the cultural nuance, technical precision and human insight required for high-fidelity outputs. • The culture deficit: While advanced AI mimics language, it lacks true emotional intelligence and cultural context. Our vast, verified network of over 43,000+ global experts provides that critical empathy layer - the cultural intelligence every brand needs to connect authentically. • The trust deficit: The autonomous nature of advanced AI introduces complex, significant risks related to security, bias, privacy and compliance. Our ability to embed human validation and verifiable workflows is our enduring competitive moat and the foundation of enterprise trust. With decades of experience in cultural and domain mastery, RWS's heritage as a foundational localisation leader has laid the ultimate groundwork for our natural evolution into an AI platform. Today, RWS is establishing itself as the cultural intelligence layer for enterprise AI - bridging the AI value gap, which is a critical barrier to realising the full potential of global technology deployments. Strategy: Accelerating our impact Our strategy is focused on maximising value creation through three growth pillars: 1 Refreshed go-to-market: Implementing a technology-first, regionally specialised sales approach to drive share of wallet and new logos focusing on enterprise clients in strategic high-value verticals and further developing our partner network. 2 Technology and innovation: Using RWS's technology assets and AI expertise to build our next generation of AI-first products, that solve client challenges and are easily embedded in their operations. 3 Efficiency : Developing a more efficient solution, through process rationalisation, further scaling of our offshore delivery centres and automation through the use of AI agents, enabling us to invest in product development. Effective 1 October, we re-organised the Group around three strategic segments: Generate: Our content technology and TrainAI data platform businesses. Transform: Our global localisation platform, integrating language technologies and specialised services. Protect: Our mission-critical IP Services business. Three segments, one unified ecosystem where people and proprietary technology work in harmony. We are the new connective tissue of the AI economy, a world-leading AI solutions company that unites data, content and IP through our proprietary language and content technologies. With a clear strategy, a sharpened focus on technology-first execution and the market position to succeed, we are entering this next chapter with real momentum. We believe the opportunities before us are significant and we are united in our determination to capture them, delivering stronger growth, deeper client partnerships and lasting value for all stakeholders. I am excited by what lies ahead and confident that, together, we will realise the full potential of RWS in this fast-changing global market. Accelerating the roadmap: Strategic integration In support of our technology-first mandate, we were excited to announce the strategic acquisition of Papercup's advanced IP and platform in June. This was a critical step in accelerating our product roadmap and rapidly embedding best-in-class generative AI across our technology stack. This integration broadens our capacity to support clients with multilingual video, voice and synthetic content localisation across all formats and channels. Papercup's breakthrough AI dubbing technology is a true market differentiator. It uniquely solves the 'culture deficit' by accurately reproducing a speaker's tone, pace and emotional intelligence. Its platform combines state-of-the-art voice synthesis, proprietary AI voices and sophisticated editorial tools, allowing our language specialists to fine-tune the final output. This delivers human-grade output comparable to professional actors and artists, but at the exponential speed and efficiency of AI. Our product engineering teams executed a rapid, seamless integration, successfully mastering this advanced technology stack. The Papercup AI dubbing platform is now fully available to our teams, enabling us to deliver end-to-end workflows that seamlessly blend AI generation with critical human-in-the-loop validation. This strategic move firmly anchors us in the high growth dubbing market, which was expected to reach $4.3 billion in 2025 and $7.6 billion by 2033. Given that a large proportion of this market is driven by AI dubbing language technology platforms, this acquisition is an immediate and significant market disruptor for RWS. Operating review Language Services Focuses on localisation and related solutions for a wide range of industry verticals, including automotive, chemical, consumer, manufacturing, retail, technology, travel and telecommunications. The Language Services division represented 47% of Group revenues in the year (FY24: 46%). Revenues of £326.7m were flat on a reported basis (FY24: £327.1m) and grew by 3% on an OCC basis. Highlights: • Platform enablement: We leveraged our unique blend of proprietary technologies and human expertise to partner with new and existing clients. Our Evolve platform played a key role, enabling significant client success stories, including a major deal with a leading personal health technology company. • Market consolidation: Vendor consolidation remains a clear trend among global clients, creating opportunities for RWS - as the scale platform - to capture greater share of spend. Notable wins in the technology sector have reinforced our preferred vendor status and opened new, high-velocity revenue streams. • Responding to LLM shift: While some clients shifted towards initial LLM-first translation approaches (resulting in volume impact), we are successfully diversifying our service portfolio to mitigate this. We saw continued growth in specialised linguistic testing services with our largest technology clients, alongside increased demand for quality review and accessibility services - all driven by the need to validate and govern AI-powered workflows. TrainAI continued to build significant momentum during the year. We secured new opportunities from existing global technology clients and new logo acquisitions. • We won a significant new engagement with the world's largest professional network, engaging a major new brand and revenue stream. • We deepened our strategic relationship with a multinational technology conglomerate, becoming a preferred vendor for complex, specialised data engagements. • As the model and data training market rapidly shifts towards high-fidelity, specialised linguistic experts, our broad access to domain-specific resources uniquely positions us to capture this premium demand. Operating loss was £68.8m (FY24: profit £25.4m) and adjusted operating profit was £23.4m (FY24: £39.6m), reflecting adverse mix driven primarily by accelerated growth in TrainAI and good growth in the APAC region in core localisation, adverse foreign exchange impact, with cost reductions broadly offsetting inflation. Regulated Industries Provides a range of specialised services for three verticals - life sciences, financial services and the legal sector. Service provision is centred around highly specialised technical translations with a strong emphasis on quality and security . The Regulated Industries division accounted for 19% of Group revenues in the year (FY24: 20%). Revenues of £128.5m declined by 12% on a reported basis (FY24: £146.5m) and by 10% on an OCC basis. Highlights: • Strategic wins: Despite market pressure, we secured three major customer wins within global regulatory affairs in the pharmaceutical sector. We also delivered a strong RFP performance in financial services, winning two significant mandates, and achieved a major competitive displacement at a leading European medical device company. • Market headwinds : A decline in demand for our linguistic validation services was the largest contributor to the segment's performance, where reduced client outsourcing and tighter study budgets impacted volumes and margins. • Future integration: Investment in an improved go-to-market structure, alongside planned integration with the other language businesses as part of the new Transform segment, is expected to accelerate the recovery of this critical operation in FY26. Operating loss was £30.8m (FY24: profit £5.9m). Adjusted operating profit decreased to £9.3m (FY24: £19.8m), driven principally by the decline in top-line revenues and mix changes, and adverse foreign exchange impact. Language and Content Technology Offers a range of technology products for enterprises and critical industries, ranging from neural machine translation to content management solutions. The Language and Content Technology ("L&CT") division accounted for 20% of Group revenues in the year (FY24: 20%). Revenues of £138.4m were 3% lower on a reported basis (FY24: £142.3m) and in line with prior year on an OCC basis. Highlights: • SaaS and cloud migration: Performance was robustly underpinned by strong new customer wins and continued momentum in SaaS adoption across the content technology portfolio, led by Tridion Docs. The majority of new and expansion contracts were SaaS, including migrations from on-premise deployments, reinforcing the structural transition towards recurring revenue, cloud delivery models. • Enterprise focus: New logo growth was driven by demand from regulated sectors, including financial services, healthcare and government. Our regulatory-focused software (Propylon) and technical content solutions (Contenta) performed strongly, demonstrating the success of our strategy to focus on large, regulated enterprise customers. • AI product innovation: We accelerated the evolution of our key platforms: • Trados Enterprise: Positioned at the forefront of AI-driven localisation, key innovations included the launch of Smart Insights (AI-powered co-pilot for project managers) and Connected AI (breakthrough integration of large language models directly with translation engines). • Language Weaver: We delivered a robust Speech-to-Text AI solution deployable in private cloud or on-premise environments for highly sensitive audio use cases. The platform was named Machine Translation Solution of the Year at the AI Breakthrough Awards. • We celebrated a significant industry milestone - translating more than a trillion words in 12 months - demonstrating the unparalleled scale and enterprise adoption of our language technology. Operating profit was £11.1m (FY24: £18.5m) and adjusted operating profit was at £25.8m (FY24: £34.2m), reflecting our anticipated growth in SaaS, increased expensing of technology investments, partially offset by favourable pricing and ongoing cost reduction efforts. IP Services One of the world's leading providers of patent translations, filing solutions and IP search, renewal, recordals and monitoring services. The IP Services division represented 14% of Group revenues in the year (FY24: 14%). Revenues of £96.5m were 6% lower on a reported basis (FY24: £102.3m) and grew marginally on an OCC basis. Highlights: • Strategic Growth: Our strategic focus on expanding outreach across the entire Intellectual Property (IP) lifecycle delivered significant growth in our patent renewals business. This helped offset a decline in the Eurofile segment due to external reductions in European Patent grant rates. • Digital Platform Integration: We secured several notable client wins, including three of the top ten patent filers in China, driven by the localisation and launch of our patent renewals functionality within our IP services digital platform. This digital enablement strengthens our ability to serve clients across their global patent portfolios. We also successfully entered the key growth market of South Korea with a major renewals agreement. Operating profit was £15.3m (FY24: £33.3m) and adjusted operating profit was £19.4m (FY24: £26.9m), driven by changes in mix and investments in sales capability. People: Engineering talent for the AI era Our competitive advantage rests on our ability to attract and empower the specialised talent required to build and scale advanced AI solutions. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, high-performance culture that drives innovation, maximises productivity and delivers exponential value for our stakeholders. Cultivating a high-performance culture Our annual RWS Engagement Survey remains a vital data input, providing insights into key performance drivers like collaboration, professional growth and alignment with our technology vision. We are pleased to report continued progress in talent retention, with voluntary attrition improving to 9.2% (FY24: 10.6%). This is a direct result of our focus on building a career platform where talent is engaged and sees a long-term trajectory. Our 'intent-to-stay' metric increased to 69%, reflecting the positive impact of agile working, autonomy and the trusting relationships colleagues have with their direct managers. To ensure our teams are equipped to lead the AI transformation, our MyLX eLearning platform remains the foundation of our upskilling strategy. Through this platform, our colleagues accessed over 217,000 learning assets in FY25 - from compliance and quality to advanced technical skill development. This enables the efficient delivery of critical, high-velocity training necessary for a rapidly evolving technology organisation. Strategic leadership for a product-led future A core focus this year was restructuring our leadership to match our ambitions. We were delighted to strengthen the Executive Team with key appointments designed to execute our product and growth strategy: Chief Product and Technology Officer In May, Christina Scott joined the Group as Chief Product and Technology Officer (CPTO). Christina is now the architect of our global product and technology strategy, directly responsible for shaping the innovation agenda and delivering scalable, market-leading solutions. Her leadership is instrumental in sharpening our portfolio focus and bringing our ambitious AI roadmap to market. Christina is a proven senior executive with over 25 years of experience in driving revenue growth and cost optimisation across complex technology, digital products and data solutions at major companies undergoing large digital transformations. Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Affairs In April, Joseph Ayala joined to lead strategy, investor relations and global M&A. His mandate is to identify opportunities for strategic growth and innovation in rapidly evolving competitive landscapes and to drive a disciplined, growth-focused M&A strategy to capitalise on market trends. Joseph brings 14 years of senior leadership experience within technology-enabled service companies, where he successfully engineered large-scale buy-and-build strategies. Operational alignment and new segment leadership To ensure crystal-clear accountability and alignment with our three new Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we executed a key internal realignment: • We promoted several existing leaders to CEO roles within these businesses, reflecting the depth of talent within RWS and our succession planning process. • James Lacey, previously head of our IP Services division, was appointed CEO of Protect. • John Harrington, formerly General Manager of Propylon, was appointed CEO of our Content Technology business within the Generate segment. • Jérôme Grateau was appointed to the newly formed position of Executive Vice President of Go-to-Market, responsible for redefining and steering the Company's commercial operations to maximise adoption of our new AI solutions. These appointments, effective 1 October, reflect our commitment to building an agile leadership structure engineered to deliver on our growth strategy. On 3 October 2025, Candida Davies informed the Board of her intention to step down as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director. She will stay until the end of 2025 to support a smooth transition and the reporting of the full-year results. I would like to thank Candida for her immense contribution and commitment over the last three years during a pivotal time for the business and our industry. She has been a key member of our leadership team, which has made considerable progress in redefining the Group's strategy and operating model, strengthening its position for the future. Culture and brand: The foundation for velocity Alongside restructuring our organisation, streamlining our technology stack and maximising the power of AI, developing a culture of clarity, intensity and high-velocity execution is integral to our transformation. Values and strategic alignment In June, alongside our new strategy and technology-led brand, we launched our refined core values. These values serve as the operating principles for how we think, behave, and make decisions - capturing RWS at our best and ensuring every colleague's actions are aligned with our strategic goals. While each value holds significance independently, they are designed to form a powerful equation that defines our high-performing culture. Our focus on recognition remains key to driving engagement and reinforcing behaviours that fuel client success. The third year of the Ambassador Awards programme - which received over 1,000 nominations - celebrates individuals and teams who best embody our four values, publicly recognising the performance that underpins our innovation and delivery excellence. Transparency and leadership communication Transparency is the cornerstone of a high-performance organisation. When leadership communicates openly - about our strategy, decisions and challenges - we minimise friction, empower our teams and create alignment across the business, allowing us to move with greater speed and precision. Since joining I have prioritised honesty regarding both our opportunities and our challenges. This includes a weekly newsletter sharing operational insights and strategic reflections, ensuring we move forward with clarity and shared purpose. Additionally, six all-colleague town halls were held during the year, providing direct, unrestricted access to the Executive Team. The RWS rebrand: Engineering understanding The internal launch of our new vision culminated in our inspirational 'RWS Hello World Day'. This event, which brought together teams through 40 face-to-face events in 27 countries, was a perfect opportunity to energise and align colleagues around our new direction. We clarified how individual roles contribute to our collective success as an AI solutions company. The day featured Erin Meyer, INSEAD Professor and author of 'The Culture Map', reinforcing the essential role of cultural intelligence in our global strategy. The response was overwhelmingly positive, with 74% of colleagues expressing excitement for the new brand. Our new brand is about meeting the future head-on, and critically, helping our clients lead it. Our brand puts understanding front and centre - not just linguistic understanding - but cultural, contextual and customer-led understanding. Understanding is the strategic key that unlocks a world of possibilities for our clients and we deliver it everywhere - across every channel, language and market. The new brand is built around one powerful idea: Growing the value of your ideas, data and content - by making sure you're understood. Everywhere. We achieve this by bringing together a rare combination of cutting-edge AI platform, proprietary technology and human expertise to unlock global understanding at scale. I am genuinely inspired by this new brand and direction, and the enthusiastic response from our colleagues, customers and industry peers confirms the strength of our path forward. ESG: Sustainable platforms and responsible governance Environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") is an integrated layer of how RWS operates, reflecting our commitment to long-term sustainability and responsible platform governance. Our clients, partners and specialised talent expect us to lead with purpose. Environmental commitment: Operational efficiency We were proud to have had our ambitious greenhouse gas ("GHG") reduction targets officially approved by the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi") in May 2024. This commitment formalises our drive for operational efficiency across our global footprint: • Scope 1 & 2 reduction: Committed to reducing absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 54.6% by FY33 (from an FY22 baseline). • Scope 3 reduction: Committed to reducing Scope 3 emissions (purchased goods, commuting) by 61.1% per million GBP value added within the same period. Our overall GHG emissions are down 6% year-on-year, keeping us on track for FY25 targets. Reductions in Scope 1 and 2 are driven by strategic office right-sizing - a key component of our leaner operating model. While Scope 3 emissions saw a projected rise due to factors like increased employee commuting and external regulatory updates, these remain within our target corridor. Furthermore, the proportion of renewable energy powering RWS offices increased by 15% to 30% in the first half of FY25. Governance and social impact Our commitment to ethical operations was recognised with a Bronze Medal by EcoVadis in April 2025. While our overall rating saw a slight dip from 68 to 66 - driven by increased sector-specific scrutiny on human rights and labour issues - we successfully improved our score in three out of four categories, demonstrating progress in our governance framework. Crucially, our social focus is centred on cultivating the next generation of specialised talent: • The RWS Campus programme, our global initiative for localisation talent development, continues to forge strong educational partnerships with more than 600 universities worldwide. • These collaborations are essential for nurturing the specific linguistic and technical skills needed to power the future of global AI. By integrating rigorous ESG standards into our technology platform and operational efficiency goals, we are building a more resilient, responsible and sustainable company for all stakeholders. Current trading, outlook and medium-term guidance RWS's proprietary technology and data, specialised expertise, integrated AI lifecycle solutions and proven track record in transforming mission-critical content mean the Group is uniquely positioned to grow on the back of AI advancements as the natural trusted partner for enterprises navigating the AI revolution. We enter FY26 with a scalable technology stack, a clear strategy and the energy to define the future of global understanding. Trading in the early months of the year has been encouraging and we have maintained the positive cost control momentum seen in the second half of FY25. As we realise the benefits of the new operating model and action taken in FY25, i n FY26, we expect the Group to deliver: • Low single digit OCC revenue growth with: • Generate expected to deliver mid-teens digit growth, primarily driven by growth in TrainAI • Transform expected to deliver a low to mid-single digit decline, whilst we pivot to a tech-first offering, whilst benefitting from increased predictability from a higher proportion SaaS revenue • Protect expected to d eliver mid-single digit growth, primarily driven by growth in recurring renewals revenue and recent wins • Moderate margin expansion, with gross margin expected to expand by c.150bps and adjusted operating margin expected to expand by c..100 bps; and • Continued strong free cash flow conversion. In the medium-term we expect: • Group OCC revenue growth to accelerate with: • Transform's tech-first offering and growing business lines, with resilient pricing, gradually offsetting declining traditional products and services • Generate and Protect to grow, driven by growth in their underlying markets boosted by their strategy of diversification across products, services and industry verticals. • A gradual improvement in profitability with: • Transform benefitting from the new tech platform and redesigned processes coming on stream and its tech-first model providing more efficient delivery and economies of scale • Generate and Protect achieving more efficient delivery driven by modernisation investment and improving profitability as new business lines mature • Improved gross margin and operating margin further supported, across the Group, by off-shoring and increased central overhead efficiency. • A normalisation of operational FCF to c.65%, as working capital and capital expenditure normalise alongside accelerated growth. Benjamin Faes | Chief Executive Officer 10 December 2025 Chief financial officer's review. RWS navigated a challenging environment in FY25 focusing on disciplined cost and working capital management. The Group delivered material overhead cost reductions in the second half, supporting a leaner operating model. Strategic hires and ongoing transformation programmes continue to strengthen operational foundations. The renewal and upsizing of the Revolving Credit Facility further enhances financial flexibility. The Group remains focused on cash generation, capital efficiency, and selective investments. Reported revenue was £690.1m, down 4% year-on-year. Adjusted profit before tax was £60.4m (9% margin) down from £106.7m (15%) in FY24, reflecting adverse foreign exchange, temporary margin pressure and increased amortisation charges. The Group reported a loss before tax of £99.7m (FY24: profit of £60.0m), the decrease being driven primarily by the non-cash goodwill impairment of £88.0m, the reduction in gross profit in the year and foreign exchange headwinds. Despite lower earnings the Group remained cash generative, with cash generated from operations of £86.1m and cash conversion of 126%, ending the year with a very modest net debt of £25.4m (Net Debt / adjusted EBITDA < 0.5). Within the Finance function, operational foundations were strengthened through the implementation of a new ERP platform in IP Services, completion of the transition to a global finance shared service centre, and the ongoing simplification of the Group structure. Revenue In FY25, the Group generated revenues of £690.1m, representing a 4% decrease compared to FY24 and 1% lower on an organic constant currency (OCC) basis. Language Services delivered revenue of £326.7m, broadly in line with the prior year and showing a 3% improvement on an OCC basis. Strong growth in TrainAI, our AI-powered data services, helped offset declines in traditional translation volumes as clients move to machine translation, and pricing pressure. In addition, demand for language quality review and testing is increasing, driven by rising adoption of AI powered workflows. Regulated Industries recorded revenue of £128.5m, down 12% year-on-year (10% lower OCC), primarily reflecting reduced activity in linguistic validation among major pharmaceutical clients. There were a number of new client wins, in the pharmaceutical and finance sectors. Language and Content Technology achieved total revenue of £138.4m, a decrease of 3% year-on-year but flat on an OCC basis. New customer wins and robust SaaS growth helped mitigate lower perpetual licence sales. IP Services reported revenue of £96.5m, a 6% decrease compared to the prior year but flat on an OCC basis. Growth in patent renewals offset weaker performance in the EuroFile segment. The majority of the Group revenue, categorised by geography, is in the US market, which accounts for 55% of the total. No one client accounts for more than 10% of Group revenue. Gross profit Gross profit was £299.3m, £37.2m lower than the prior year, resulting in a gross margin of 43% (FY24: 47%). The decrease primarily reflects lower reported revenues, notably from linguistic validation within Regulated Industries and some operational challenges in Language Services during the migration to new automated delivery models. The shift towards lower margin services, including a rapid growth in TrainAI and the sale of Patbase in the prior year also contributed. Adverse impacts from foreign exchange, cost inflation, and the expected shift towards increased SaaS licences were partially offset by cost efficiencies delivered in the latter part of the year. These actions supported the transition to a leaner organisational structure, effective 1 October. The Group continues to pursue further efficiency gains through ongoing transformation programmes and increased use of AI. Administrative expenses Total administrative expenses have increased to £393.1m (FY24: £270.7m). Adjusted administrative expenses (gross profit less adjusted operating profit) increased to £233.2m (FY24: £224.2m) due to a loss of £5.1m related to foreign exchange versus a £5.2m gain recognised last year. The underlying overheads costs remained flat year-on-year with the cost of inflation, selective investments and increased amortisation of non-acquired intangibles (primarily related to the Group's new finance and HR systems, and other internally generated software) being offset by continued efficiency efforts. Adjusting items in FY25 totalled £159.9m, including • A goodwill impairment of £88.0m within the Group's Language Services and Regulated Industries CGUs. This non-cash charge reflects the market transition we have been experiencing on the core localisation business, the under performance in the Linguistic Validation business, the shift in investments and focus to support the new transition to a technology first proposition and the rise in discount rates due to macroeconomic factors (FY24: £nil). • Amortisation of acquired intangibles was £40.3m (FY24: £40.8m). The reduction was mainly due to the impact of exchange rate movements during the period. • Exceptional costs of £22.2m (FY24: £3.4m) were incurred during the year, relating to Group restructuring, transformation, integration and other strategic projects. Acquisition costs of £5.1m (FY24: £7.2m) were primarily related to the contingent consideration of Propylon Holdings Limited and ST Communications, both purchased in prior periods. Finance costs Net finance costs excluding exceptional finance costs were £5.7m (FY24: £5.6m), with slightly higher average borrowings offset by lower interest rates. Exceptional finance costs were £0.2m (FY24: £0.2m). Profit before tax The Group reported a loss before tax of £99.7m (FY24: profit of £60.0m), the decrease being driven primarily by the reduction in gross profit in the year, foreign exchange headwinds, the non-cash goodwill impairment of £88.0m as well as the £30.0m profit on disposal of Patbase reported in the prior year. Adjusted profit before tax Adjusted profit before tax ("Adjusted PBT") is stated before amortisation of acquired intangibles, impairments, acquisition costs, share-based payment expenses, profit on disposal of business and exceptional items. The Group uses adjusted results as a key performance indicator, as the Directors believe that these provide a more consistent and meaningful measure of the Group's underlying performance across financial periods. The Adjusted PBT of £60.4m (Adjusted PBT margin: 9%) recorded in the period has decreased from £106.7m (Adjusted PBT margin: 15%) in the prior year. Strong cost control measures and restructuring efforts were implemented to counteract the weaker business performance and foreign exchange headwinds but were not sufficient in the period. This led to the non-payment of financial performance related management bonuses and a lower adjusted PBT compared to the previous year. Tax charge The Group's tax charge for the year was £0.1m (FY24: £12.5m). This reflects a current tax expense of £16.2m, mostly offset by the reversal of previously recognised deferred tax liabilities and the recognition of additional deferred tax assets during the period. The adjusted tax charge for the period was £15.7m (FY24: £26.6m) representing an effective adjusted tax rate of 26% compared with 25% in the prior financial year. The increase in the effective rate is largely due to an increase in withholding tax payable on dividends received from overseas subsidiaries by the UK parent. Earnings per share and dividend Basic earnings per share for the financial year decreased from 12.8p to a loss of (27.0)p, while adjusted basic earnings per share decreased from 21.6p to 12.1p, representing a decrease of 44%, which reflects the drop in adjusted profit before tax. The weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for basic and adjusted basic earnings decreased from 371.3m to 369.5m, principally due to the proportionate impact of the ordinary shares repurchased through the share repurchase programme that ended during FY24. A final dividend for the financial year ended 30 September 2025 of 4.6 pence per share has been proposed, equivalent to £17.0m, while an interim dividend of 2.45 pence per share, equivalent to £9.1m, was paid during the financial period. A final dividend for the year ended 30 September 2024 of 10.0 pence per share, equivalent to £36.9m, was paid in this financial period. The proposed total dividend for the year of 7.05 pence per share represents a 43% decrease on the total dividend relative to the prior financial period of 12.45 pence per share, aligning shareholder returns with sustainable earnings and supporting the Company's transition to a technology-led, AI-driven growth strategy. Balance sheet The Group's balance sheet remained strong, with net assets at 30 September 2025 of £763.2m (FY24: £899.6m). The main drivers of the decrease was the one-off impairment of goodwill of £88.0m and the routine amortisation and depreciation of certain fixed assets. Current assets at 30 September 2025 of £245.8m have decreased by £32.5m on the prior year. This includes a decrease in trade and other receivables of £6.9m and a reduction in cash and cash equivalent balances of £28.9m reflecting the focus on working capital and cash repatriation, partially offset by a reclassification of the Chalfont property to an asset held for sale £3.5m. Current liabilities have increased to £164.1m at 30 September 2025 (FY24: £158.4m), an increase of £5.7m. Non-current liabilities have decreased by £34.9m, as a result of a net decrease in the RCF loan balance of £16.4m and a reduction in deferred tax liabilities of £16.3m. The carrying amount of the Company's net assets exceeded the Group's market capitalisation and as a result, management performed an impairment test of the Company's major investments in line with the requirements of FRS101. Management concluded that an impairment was required and the RWS Holdings plc's separate financial statements includes an impairment charge of £279.5m Cash flow and working capital Operational free cash flow was £80.1m (FY24: £55.1m) reflecting working capital improvement and tighter cash discipline. Working capital improvement has been driven by enhanced receivables collections and payables optimisation. There has been a marked improvement in the ageing of account receivables in the year. Cash conversion improved to 126% of adjusted net income (FY24: 51%). Capital expenditure included purchases of intangible assets of £22.2m and property plant and equipment of £3.4m. Cash flows from other financing activities included dividends paid within the financial year ended 30 September 2025 of £45.9m. Following a focus on repatriation of cash in the year, cash balances at the financial year-end amounted to £32.6m, with external borrowings of £58.0m, excluding lease liabilities, resulting in a net debt position of £25.4m (FY24: £61.5m cash and external borrowings of £74.4m, resulting in net debt of £12.9m). Net debt including lease liabilities was £47.9m (FY24: net debt of £40.1m). Post balance sheet events In early October the Group successfully refinanced its Revolving Credit Facility increasing the facility to $285m and extending the maturity to October 2029. The refinancing strengthens the Group's liquidity position and provides continued flexibility to support its strategic objectives. Related to this, the Group transitioned its principal banking relationship to HSBC. This change does not impact the Group's financial position at 30 September 2025 but is disclosed as a significant development in the Group's treasury operations. No other significant events have occurred between the balance sheet date and the date of authorising these financial statements. Candida Davies | Chief Financial Officer 10 December 2025 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 30 September 2025 Note 2025 £m 2024 £m Revenue 3 690.1 718.2 Cost of sales (390.8) (381.7) Gross profit 299.3 336.5 Administrative expenses (393.1) (270.7) Operating (loss)/profit (93.8) 65.8 Analysed as: Adjusted operating profit: 66.1 112.3 Amortisation of acquired intangibles 10 (40.3) (40.8) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 9,10 (88.0) (11.7) Impairment of property, plant and equipment - (10.5) Acquisition costs 5 (5.1) (7.2) Share-based payment expense (4.3) (2.9) Profit on disposal of business - 30.0 Exceptional items 5 (22.2) (3.4) Operating (loss)/profit (93.8) 65.8 Finance income 0.8 0.9 Amortisation of capitalised exceptional finance costs (0.2) (0.2) Finance costs (6.5) (6.5) (Loss)/profit before tax (99.7) 60.0 Taxation 6 (0.1) (12.5) (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to the owners of the Parent (99.8) 47.5 Other comprehensive income/(expense) Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: (Loss)/gain on retranslation of quasi equity loans (net of tax) (2.3) 1.7 Gain/(loss) on retranslation of foreign operations 7.8 (64.1) Gain on hedging (net of deferred tax) - 0.4 Total other comprehensive income/(expense) 5.5 (62.0) Total comprehensive expense attributable to owners of the Parent (94.3) (14.5) Basic earnings per ordinary share (pence per share) 8 (27.0) 12.8 Diluted earnings per ordinary share (pence per share) 8 (27.0) 12.8 Consolidated statement of financial position for the year ended 30 September 2025 Note 2025 £m 2024 £m Non-current assets Goodwill 9 485.9 570.8 Intangible assets 10 276.7 317.0 Property, plant and equipment 9.0 13.5 Right-of-use assets 19.7 22.7 Non-current income tax receivable 2.1 2.2 Deferred tax assets 6 1.7 2.0 795.1 928.2 Current assets Trade and other receivables 204.3 211.2 Assets held for sale 3.5 - Income tax receivable 5.4 5.6 Cash and cash equivalents 12 32.6 61.5 245.8 278.3 Total assets 1,040.9 1,206.5 Current liabilities Trade and other payables 137.6 127.7 Lease liabilities 5.6 8.5 Income tax payable 10.6 14.3 Provisions 10.3 7.9 164.1 158.4 Non-current liabilities Loans 11 58.0 74.4 Lease liabilities 16.9 18.7 Trade and other payables 0.1 0.4 Provisions 1.4 1.5 Deferred tax liabilities 6 37.2 53.5 113.6 148.5 Total liabilities 277.7 306.9 Total net assets 763.2 899.6 Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Parent Share capital 3.7 3.7 Share premium 56.0 54.5 Share-based payment reserve 9.3 8.1 Reverse acquisition reserve (8.5) (8.5) Other reserve 0.1 0.1 Merger reserve 624.4 624.4 Foreign currency reserve (26.3) (31.8) Retained earnings 104.5 249.1 Total equity 763.2 899.6 Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 30 September 2025 Note Share capital £m Share premium account £m Other reserves (see below) £m Retained earnings £m Total attributable to owners of Parent £m At 30 September 2023 3.8 54.5 651.4 277.6 987.3 Profit for the year - - - 47.5 47.5 Gain on hedging - - 0.4 - 0.4 Gain on retranslation of quasi equity loans - - 1.7 - 1.7 Loss on retranslation of foreign operations - - (64.1) - (64.1) Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year - - (62.0) 47.5 (14.5) Deferred tax on unexercised share options 6 - - - (0.1) (0.1) Dividends 7 - - - (45.5) (45.5) Purchase of own shares (0.1) - 0.1 (30.4) (30.4) Equity-settled share-based payments charge - - 2.9 - 2.9 Deferred tax on share-based payments - - (0.1) - (0.1) At 30 September 2024 3.7 54.5 592.3 249.1 899.6 Loss for the year - - - (99.8) (99.8) Loss on retranslation of quasi equity loans - - (2.3) - (2.3) Gain on retranslation of foreign operations - - 7.8 - 7.8 Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year - - 5.5 (99.8) (94.3) Issue of shares - 1.5 - - 1.5 Dividends 7 - - - (45.9) (45.9) Exercise of share options - - (2.6) 1.1 (1.5) Equity-settled share-based payments charge - - 3.8 - 3.8 At 30 September 2025 3.7 56.0 599.0 104.5 763.2 Other reserves Share-based payment reserve £m Other reserve £m Reverse acquisition reserve £m Merger reserve £m Foreign currency reserve £m Hedge reserve £m Total other reserves £m At 30 September 2023 5.3 - (8.5) 624.4 33.7 (3.5) 651.4 Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year - - - - (62.4) 0.4 (62.0) Fair value (losses)/gains on net investment hedge taken to currency reserve - - - - (3.1) 3.1 - Equity-settled share-based payments charge 2.9 - - - - 2.9 Purchase of own shares - 0.1 - - - - 0.1 Deferred tax on share-based payments (0.1) - - - - - (0.1) At 30 September 2024 8.1 0.1 (8.5) 624.4 (31.8) - 592.3 Other comprehensive income for the year - - - - 5.5 - 5.5 Exercise of share options (2.6) - - - - - (2.6) Equity-settled share-based payments charge 3.8 - - - - - 3.8 At 30 September 2025 9.3 0.1 (8.5) 624.4 (26.3) - 599.0 Consolidated statement of cash flow for the year ended 30 September 2025 Note 2025 £m 2024 £m Cash flows from operating activities (Loss)/profit before tax (99.7) 60.0 Adjustments for: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 4.6 6.3 Amortisation of intangible assets 10 63.6 54.8 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 9,10 88.0 11.7 Impairment of property, plant and equipment - 10.5 Depreciation of right-of-use assets 6.8 8.2 Equity settled share-based payment expense 3.8 2.9 Profit on disposal of business - (30.0) Lease modification (0.4) (1.6) Net finance costs 5.9 5.8 Operating cash flow before movements in working capital 72.6 128.6 Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables 1.7 (6.8) Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables and provisions 11.8 (26.3) Cash generated from operations 86.1 95.5 Income tax paid (17.3) (20.2) Net cash inflow from operating activities 68.8 75.3 Cash flows from investing activities Interest received 0.8 0.9 Disposal proceeds 5 5.0 25.0 Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired - (0.5) Purchases of property, plant and equipment (3.4) (2.6) Purchases of intangibles 10 (22.2) (40.5) Net cash outflows from investing activities (19.8) (17.7) Cash flows from financing activities Net (repayment)/proceeds from borrowings (17.2) 22.9 Interest paid (5.0) (4.6) Lease liability payments (including interest charged of £1.1m (2024: £1.1m)) (8.6) (9.5) Purchase of own shares - (30.4) Dividends paid 7 (45.9) (45.5) Net cash outflow from financing activities (76.7) (67.1) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (27.7) (9.5) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 61.5 76.2 Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents (1.2) (5.2) Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 12 32.6 61.5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 1. Accounting policies Basis of accounting and preparation of financial statements The financial information is extracted from the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2025, which were approved by the Board of Directors on 10 December 2025. RWS Holdings plc ("the Parent Company") is a public company, limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales whose shares are publicly traded on AIM, the London Stock Exchange regulated market. The financial information set out in this announcement does not constitute the Company's statutory accounts for the year ended 30 September 2025. Statutory accounts for 2024 have been delivered to the registrar of companies, and those for 2025 will be delivered in due course. The auditor has reported on those accounts; their reports were (i) unqualified, (ii) did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their report and (iii) did not contain a statement under section 498 (2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006. The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below and within the Notes to which they relate to provide context to users of the financial statements. The policies have been consistently applied to both years presented, unless otherwise stated. The potential climate change-related risks and opportunities to which the Group is exposed, as identified by Management, are disclosed in the Group's Annual Report and Accounts. Management has assessed the potential financial impacts relating to the identified risks and exercised judgement in concluding that there are no further material financial impacts of the Group's climate-related risks and opportunities on the financial statements. These judgements will be kept under review by Management as the future impacts of climate change depend on environmental, regulatory and other factors outside of the Group's control which are not all currently known. Going concern The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, as outlined in the Directors' report. The Directors have conducted an assessment of the Group's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the accounts. In making this assessment, the Directors considered the Group's current financial position, as well as forecasted earnings and cash flows for the 18-month period ending 31 March 2027. The business plan supporting this evaluation is based on the Board-approved budget. The Directors' assessment also considered the Group's existing debt levels, committed funding, liquidity position under its debt covenants, and its ongoing ability to generate cash through trading activities. As of 30 September 2025, the Group had net debt of £47.9m (2024: £40.1m), which includes the Group's US$220m revolving credit facility ("RCF") of which £59.0m was drawn at year-end (2024: £76.0m), lease liabilities of £22.5m (2024: £27.2m), offset by cash and cash equivalents of £32.6m (2024: £61.5m). The RCF matures in October 2029, after an Amend and Extend of the existing facility was completed in October 2025. At year-end, the Group's net leverage ratio, as defined by the RCF agreement, was 0.5 EBITDA (2024: 0.3), while the interest coverage ratio was 19 EBITDA (2024: 24), both of which are well within the limits set by the Group's RCF agreement. In view of the Group's principal risks and uncertainties, the Directors have applied appropriate sensitivities in their going concern assessment. They modelled a range of downside scenarios, including a 20% reduction in the Group's gross margin percentage and corresponding cash flows. No significant structural changes to the Group were assumed in these scenarios, and no mitigating actions were assumed. In each downside scenario, the Group maintained headroom with respect to both covenants and liquidity through to 31 March 2027. It is noted that EBITDA would need to fall by over 56% to breach the net leverage covenant test and by over 54% to breach the interest coverage test, based on the net debt and interest projection at the end of the forecast period. As a result, the Directors are confident that the Group and Company will have sufficient cash reserves and committed debt facilities to withstand reasonably plausible downside scenarios and continue to meet their liabilities as they fall due during the period ending 31 March 2027 and therefore prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis. 2. Critical judgements and accounting estimates in applying the Group's accounting policies The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires Management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. These judgments and estimates are evaluated on a regular basis and reflect Management's best estimates, drawing from historical experience and other relevant factors, including reasonable expectations of future events. Revisions to estimates are recognised prospectively. However, actual results may differ from these estimates due to unforeseen events or actions, and such differences could be material. Judgements In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, Management has made the following judgements, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements: Revenue - multi-element arrangements Due to the complexity of multi-element contracts which often include the provision of products and services, Management judgment is required to determine the appropriate revenue recognition. Management assesses whether the contract should be accounted for as a single performance obligation or as multiple performance obligations. Judgment is applied in establishing the criteria for determining when revenue related to multiple elements should be recognised and in determining the stand-alone selling price of each element. The Group typically determines the stand-alone selling prices of elements based on prices that are not directly observable, relying on stand-alone list prices which are then subject to discounts. These prices are reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary. This process is undertaken alongside a fair value assessment of the stand-alone selling prices to ensure the reasonableness of the transaction price allocation. Further details regarding the determination of stand-alone selling prices for the purpose of allocating the transaction price in multi-element arrangements can be found in Note 3. The judgement could materially affect the timing and quantum of revenue and profit recognised in each period. Licence revenue in the year amounted to £63.7m (2024: £60.0m). Capitalised development costs The Group capitalises development costs relating to product development in line with International Accounting Standard ('IAS') 38 'Intangible Assets'. Management applies judgement in determining if the costs meet the criteria and are therefore eligible for capitalisation. Significant judgements include the technical feasibility of the development, recoverability of the costs incurred, economic viability of the product, and potential market available considering its current and future customers and when, in the development process, these milestones have been met. Where software products are already in use, Management applies judgement in determining whether further development spend increases the economic benefit and whether any previously capitalised costs should be expensed. Development costs capitalised during the year amounted to £9.7m (2024: £11.2m) (see Note 10). Estimates and assumptions The key assumptions and estimates concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below: Acquisition accounting Judgement is often required in determining the identifiable intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination that must be recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements. Estimation is required in determining both the fair value of all identified assets, liabilities acquired, any contingent consideration and in particular intangible assets. In determining these fair values, a range of assumptions are used, including forecast revenue, discount rates, and attrition rates that are specifically related to the intangible asset being valued. The useful economic lives of these assets is being estimated using Management's best estimates and reassessed annually. Other estimates and assumptions The consolidated financial statements include other estimates and assumptions. Whilst Management do not consider these to be significant accounting estimates, the recognition and measurement of certain material assets and liabilities are based on assumptions which, if changed, could result in adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities. Revenue - rendering of services Management estimates the total costs to be incurred on a contract-by-contract basis, and these estimates are reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure that the revenue recognised accurately reflects the proportion of work completed as of the balance sheet date. All contracts are of a short-term nature, with the majority of services being invoiced upon completion. As at the year end, the value of work in progress amounted to £58.3m (2024: £56.0m). Changes in the estimated total costs of contracts could, in aggregate, have a material impact on the carrying amount of accrued income at the balance sheet date. Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets An impairment test of goodwill and other intangible assets, requires estimation of the value in use ('VIU') of the cash generating units ('CGUs') to which goodwill and other intangible assets have been allocated. The VIU calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs, for which the Group considers revenue growth rates and EBITDA margin to be significant estimates. The estimated future cash flows derived are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects estimates of market risk premium, asset betas, the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. See Note 9 and 10 for further details. Key assumptions used by Management in estimating VIU are Discount rates - Pre tax discount rates which are based on the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) of a typical market participant and reflect market volatility in risk free rate and equity risk premium inputs. The discount rates have increased reflecting market volatility in risk free rate and equity risk premium inputs. See Note 9 for details. Forecast cash flows - based on assumptions from the approved budget and 5-year plan which incorporate Management's best estimates of future cash flows and take into account future growth and price increases, have proved to be reliable guides in the past and the Directors believe the estimates are appropriate. See Note 9 for details of long term growth rates used outside of the plan period. Terminal growth rates - 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) was used for cash flows outside the plan projections. This rate is conservative and is considered to be lower than the long-term historic growth rates in the underlying territories in which the CGUs operate and the long-term growth rate prospects of the sectors in which the CGUs operate. Taxation - uncertain tax positions Uncertainties exist in respect of interpretation of complex tax regulations, including transfer pricing, and the amount and timing of future taxable income. Given the nature of the Group's operating model, the wide range of international transactions and the long-term nature and complexity of contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to taxation already recorded. The Group considers all tax positions on a separate basis, with any amounts determined by the most appropriate of either the expected value or most likely amount on a case by case basis. Most deferred tax assets are recognised because they can offset the future taxable income from existing taxable differences (primarily on acquired intangibles) relating to the same jurisdiction or entity. Where there are insufficient taxable differences, deferred tax assets are recognised in respect of losses and other deductible differences where current forecasts indicate profits will arise in future periods against which they can be deducted. The total value of uncertain tax positions ('UTPs') was £4.7m (2024: £6.4m), see Note 6. 3. Revenue from contracts with customers Accounting policy Revenue represents transaction prices to which the Group expects to be entitled in return for delivering goods or services to its customers. The Group applies the five-step model in IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("IFRS 15"). Prescriptive guidance in IFRS 15 is followed to deal with specific scenarios requiring Management judgement. The approach taken to evaluate revenue recognition is consistent across all divisions, although each contract is considered on a case-by-case basis. Group contracts have single or multi-elements performance obligations. Multi-element arrangements revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on stand-alone selling price, regardless of any separate prices stated within the contract. Some contracts include performance obligations in respect of the licences, support and maintenance, hosting services and professional services. Software licences are either perpetual, term or software as a service (SaaS) in nature. Contract revenue is billed in advance and revenue is deferred where the performance obligation is satisfied over time. The Group's revenue contracts do not include any material future vendor commitments and thus no allowances for future costs 

[truncated]