Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 23 January 2026 23 January 2026 RWS Holdings plc Option Exercise, Admission and Total Voting Rights RWS Holdings plc ("RWS" or "the Company"), a global AI solutions company , announces that 1,289,599 new ordinary shares of 1p each in the Company ("New Ordinary Shares") were issued today in order to satisfy (i) a share award to the Chief Executive Officer in respect of the FY25 bonus; and (ii) the exercise of options awarded at nil cost under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan as part of the Company's FY25 bonus arrangements. RWS has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 1,289,599 New Ordinary Shares to trading on AIM ("Admission") and Admission is expected to take place at 8:00am on 26 January 2026. The New Ordinary Shares, when issued, will be fully paid and will rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after the date of issue. The issue and allotment of the New Ordinary Shares will be within the Company's existing authorities. Total Voting Rights Subsequent to Admission, there will be 371,097,245 ordinary shares of 1p each in issue with voting rights. No shares are held in treasury. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and