Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 25 March 2026 For immediate release 25 March 2026 RWS Holdings plc RWS launches Language Weaver Pro - the world's most advanced AI translation solution New AI translation model built in partnership with Cohere outperforms DeepL and Gemini in benchmarking - designed specifically for enterprise business-critical content RWS Holdings plc ("RWS"), a global AI solutions company, announces the launch of Language Weaver Pro, a powerful new enterprise-grade AI translation solution designed to deliver accurate, contextually-fluent and secure translations at scale. Ranking first in 31 of 32 languages in benchmarking tests, Language Weaver Pro outperformed leading AI translation tools - setting a new standard in AI translation. Enterprises and governments have long faced an unacceptable reality: having to rely on consumer-grade AI translation that moves fast but falls short on accuracy, fluency and data security. Language Weaver Pro eliminates that shortfall. Language Weaver Pro is RWS's most advanced AI translation solution - a 100+ billion parameter model (the largest dedicated translation model in production) built for business-critical content in partnership with Cohere, a leading security-first enterprise AI company. Available today, Language Weaver Pro provides measurably higher quality than competitors, alongside the security and governance required for mission-critical deployments. Human-led and automated benchmarking tests confirm that Language Weaver Pro consistently delivers superior accuracy and fluency compared to industry-leading AI translation tools - including DeepL and Gemini across both sentence- and paragraph-level datasets in factual and more challenging marketing-related content. "Most AI translation speaks the language but misses the meaning. Language Weaver Pro closes that gap - it's the first AI translation solution built to understand not just words, but culture, context and compliance," said Ben Faes, CEO of RWS. Introducing RWS's Language Intelligence capability Language Intelligence combines state-of-the-art multilingual AI models built in collaboration with leading machine translation experts at Cohere; decades of linguistic expertise from RWS and secure language technology, offering scalable, high-quality AI translations for regulated and complex global environments. Aidan Gomez, CEO and Co-founder of Cohere said, "RWS is pushing the boundaries of what's possible in enterprise translation. By building on Cohere's secure frontier AI technology, they can capture meaning, nuance, and context across languages in a way that reflects how people and businesses actually communicate. High-quality translation is essential infrastructure for global businesses operating across borders." At the heart of Language Intelligence is Language Weaver Pro, an advanced AI translation solution that offers deeper understanding of enterprise content. Language Weaver Pro is also natively integrated across the Trados portfolio, giving linguists and organisations easy access to this powerful capability within the tools they already use - across the entire localisation process. Click here for more information on Language Weaver Pro. F or further information, please contact: RWS Holdings plc Andrew Brode, Interim Chairman Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer Stephen Lamb, Chief Financial Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR advisor) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 07884 494112 Deutsche Numis (Nomad & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . About Cohere: Cohere is the leading security-first enterprise AI company. We build cutting-edge foundation models and end-to-end AI products designed to solve real-world business problems. We partner closely with companies to deliver seamless integration, full customization, and easy-to-use solutions for their workforce and customers. Our all-in-one platform offers enterprises the highest levels of security, data privacy and optionality to deploy across all major cloud providers, private cloud environments, or on-premises. Cohere is a global company co-headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco, with key offices in New York, London, Montreal, Paris, and Seoul. Learn more at cohere.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and