Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 11 December 2025 11 December 2025 RWS Holdings plc Directorate Change RWS Holdings plc ("RWS", the "Company"), a global AI solutions company, today announces that Julie Southern, Chairman and David Clayton, Senior Independent Director ("SID"), have informed the Board of their intention to step down as Chairman and SID respectively and as directors of the Company . During her tenure, Julie has overseen the strengthening of the Board with the appointments of Paul Abbott and Graham Cooke which extended the Board to five independent non-executive directors alongside appointing, and transitioning to, new executive leadership and supporting the development of the Group's new strategy. With this strengthened Board in place, David Clayton has decided to step down following his 16 years as a Board member of SDL and RWS. Julie and David will step down with effect from 31 December 2025. Andrew Brode and Gordon Stuart become interim Chairman and interim SID respectively, whilst a search for a successor for Julie is undertaken. The outcome of that process will be announced in due course. Julie Southern, Chairman, said: "Having joined the Board at a pivotal time in the Group's development, RWS now has an exciting AI-led strategy in place, led by a new technology-focused CEO and supported by a strengthened Board. With these firm foundations in place, it is a good time to hand the reins over to a new Chair as RWS embarks on its next chapter." Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer, said: "Our thanks go to Julie and David for their significant contributions to RWS, including for their strong support and counsel during my first year as CEO and at an important time for the Group. Following the launch of our new strategy in June, we now have our new organisational structure and strengthened management team in place, supported by deep expertise across our Board, as we execute on the growth plan which we have outlined in more detail today." For further information, please contact: RWS Holdings plc Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR Adviser) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 020 3128 8100 07884 494112 Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and