Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 17 June 2026 17 June 2026 RWS Holdings plc Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company RWS Holdings plc (AIM: RWS.L) ("RWS", "the Group"), a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI, is pleased to announce that Benjamin Faes, CEO and Stephen Lamb, CFO, will provide a live presentation covering its recent half year results for the six months ended 31 March 2026 and progress on strategy via Investor Meet Company on 22 June 2026 at 09:00 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 21 June 2026, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet RWS HOLDINGS PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/rws-holdings-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow RWS HOLDINGS PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information please contact: RWS Holdings plc Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer 01628 410100 Stephen Lamb, Chief Financial Officer MHP Group (Financial PR Adviser) RWS@mhpgroup.com Katie Hunt Tel: +44 (0)7885 447944 Eleni Menikou Deutsche Numis (Nomad & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and