Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 03 August 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION For immediate release 3 Aug 2026 RWS Holdings plc ("RWS", "the Group") RWS agrees to acquire Acogroup, the parent company of Acolad, a leading global provider of language and content solutions Material value creation opportunity to bring RWS's AI platforms to an expanded European client base RWS Holdings plc (AIM: RWS), a global AI solutions company, is pleased to announce that it has entered into a binding agreement for the proposed acquisition of Acogroup from its security holders (the " Sellers ") (the " Transaction ") for an Enterprise Value of £22.4m (€26.0m¹). Acogroup, which together with its subsidiaries operates under the Acolad brand, is a leading global provider of language and content services. RWS is an AI company providing content solutions that give the world's largest organisations the confidence to operate in any market. The Transaction significantly expands the enterprise client base to which RWS can bring its AI platforms. Transaction highlights · Broadens RWS's strategic client relationships across Europe: brings longstanding relationships with an attractive, complementary base of enterprise clients, with particular strength in Western Europe, where Acolad works with approximately half of the CAC 40 companies. The Transaction supports RWS's shift towards larger, multi-year client relationships · Extends the reach of RWS's AI platforms: brings a significantly larger enterprise client base to RWS's Cultural Intelligence Layer, Language Weaver Pro and the next-generation platforms in its Transform segment · Strengthens leadership in regulated industries: brings a significant presence in regulated and public institution end markets, including an established medical devices business that complements RWS's strength in the pharmaceutical segment of life sciences. Approximately half of Acolad's revenues are derived from regulated industries · Creates cross-sell opportunity across the expanded Group: adds an established interpreting capability to RWS's portfolio and opens Acolad's client base to RWS's Generate and Protect solutions · Material value creation opportunity: transaction terms include Enterprise Value of 2x adjusted EBITDA to 30 September 2027, and no third-party debt being acquired. Going forward, RWS has the opportunity to increase the returns on its portfolio of AI solutions by applying its proven technology playbook to a new, quality European client base About Acolad Founded in 1995, Acolad is a global provider of language and content solutions, with a strong presence in Western Europe . Headquartered in the Paris area, France, Acolad operates across 22 countries in Europe and North America. Acolad operates in attractive end markets, with approximately half of its revenues from regulated industries. Approximately 75% of its revenues are derived from localisation and related services, with interpreting, transcription and other services accounting for the remaining 25% of its revenues. Acolad employs approximately 1,200 people. In the year to 31 December 2025, Acolad generated revenues of £182m (€211m¹) and adjusted EBITDA was £13m (€15m¹). In the RWS financial year to 30 September 2027, Acolad is expected to make a material contribution of, on an annualised basis, revenue of approximately £155m (€180m¹) and adjusted EBITDA of approximately £11m (€13m¹). Gross assets at 31 December 2025 were £404m (€469m¹). Terms of the Transaction The Group's wholly owned subsidiary, RWS Global Holdings Limited, has entered into a binding agreement for the proposed acquisition of Acogroup from the Sellers. This agreement involves the acquisition of all outstanding bonds owned by funds and accounts managed or advised by Barings and issued by V.O. Paris (a subsidiary of Acogroup). These bonds will become an intra-group obligation within the RWS Group following completion of the Transaction (" Completion ") until unwound. In accordance with applicable French legal requirements, RWS has entered into a binding put option with the Sellers which obligates RWS to enter into an acquisition agreement (" SPA ") following completion of the consultation process by two of Acogroup's subsidiaries with their respective French Works Councils. During the period of consultation with the French Works Councils, the Sellers have granted RWS exclusivity in respect of the Transaction. Completion is expected in H1 FY27 at the latest - and is conditional on obtaining regulatory clearances from the French Ministry for the Economy, Finance and Industrial, Energy and Digital Sovereignty, and any other authority in charge of foreign investment control whose authorisation may be required as determined by RWS. The total consideration payable by RWS is £40.2m (€46.6m¹), which includes payment for approximately £17.8m (€20.6m¹) of cash at Completion. Enterprise Value is therefore £22.4m (€26.0m¹). The Transaction represents a substantial transaction for RWS for the purposes of AIM Rule 12. RWS will fund the Transaction through existing facilities, having successfully refinanced its revolving credit facility in October 2025 and remains well-capitalised with strong cash generation. Following Completion Acolad will become part of RWS's Transform segment, where its clients and interpreting platform will benefit from the Group's language technology roadmap. A further announcement and update will be made on Completion. Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer of RWS, commented: "This is a compelling acquisition that enhances our growth strategy as we deploy our AI content solutions. It significantly expands our enterprise client base, especially in Europe, to which we can bring RWS's current and next-generation language technology platforms. "Acolad is a strong fit for our existing value creation model. We are already applying AI at scale to expert-led services across our own operations. The combination also gives us greater scale to invest in new products for our clients. "We already know Acolad well and its established presence and reputation in regulated markets, including medical devices, complements our life sciences franchise and broadens our exposure to attractive, resilient sectors. The Transaction also brings interpreting capability. I look forward to welcoming Acolad's talented team to RWS and to a smooth and effective integration." Bertrand Gstalder, Chief Executive Officer of Acolad, added: "I am delighted that Acolad and RWS are joining forces. Over the past decade we have built a European leader in content and language solutions with a simple ambition: to help the world's most demanding organisations grow across markets by combining cutting-edge technology with deep human expertise. We have long admired RWS and becoming part of the Group is the natural next step in that journey. "Together we can bring our clients the best possible technology in content transformation, and, just as importantly, the confidence to deploy AI-powered content safely, responsibly and at scale across the world. RWS is leading the way in the industry with their Cultural Intelligence Layer and technology portfolio and combining this with Acolad's people, platforms and expertise will enable us to serve clients with greater ambition than ever before. "I want to thank the Acolad team for everything they have built, and I look forward to what this combination will create for our clients, our people and our partners." For further information, please contact: RWS Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer Stephen Lamb, Chief Financial Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR adviser) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 07884 494112 Deutsche Numis (Nomad & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of RWS is Jane Hyde, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary. Important notices This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business, strategy, financial performance and results of RWS and/or its subsidiaries, Acolad, and/or the industry in which they operate. Actual results, levels of activity, performance, achievements and events may vary materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements concern future circumstances and results and other matters that are not historical facts, sometimes identified by the words 'believes',' expects', 'predicts', 'intends', 'projects', 'plans', 'estimates', 'aims', 'foresees', 'anticipates', 'targets', 'goals', 'due', 'could', 'may', 'should', 'potential', 'likely' and similar expressions, although these words are not the exclusive means of doing so. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding RWS's and/or Acolad's future financial position, income growth, impairment charges, business strategy, projected levels of growth in relevant markets, projected costs, estimates of capital expenditures, and plans and objectives for future operations. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. Nothing in this announcement should be regarded as a profit forecast. The forward-looking statements, including assumptions, opinions and views of RWS or cited from third party sources (including Acolad), contained in this announcement are solely opinions and forecasts which are uncertain and subject to risks. Although RWS believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual events to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond the control of RWS and/or Acolad. Any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, RWS speak only as of the date they are made. Save as required by law, RWS will not publicly release the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this announcement that may occur due to any change in the directors' expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this announcement. About RWS : RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . Note: [1] £ / € exchange rate = 1.16 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and