Disclaimer* RWS Holdings PLC 11 February 2026 For immediate release 11 February 2026 RWS Holdings plc AGM Statement & Update on CFO Appointment RWS Holdings plc ("RWS", "the Group", "the Company"), a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI, is today holding its Annual General Meeting at which Andrew Brode, Interim Chairman, will make the following remarks: "FY25 was a pivotal year for RWS, as we evolved our strategy to become the cultural intelligence partner for global enterprises deploying AI. We have reshaped our organisation to meet our clients' demands for AI solutions that are culturally nuanced and effective across their markets. This strategic focus has also attracted new talent to the company, strengthening our expertise. Current trading and outlook "Trading in the early months of FY26 has been encouraging. We have returned to organic constant currency growth in the first quarter, driven by increasing adoption of our AI-related products and services. "This revenue growth, combined with rigorous execution of the efficiency plan that we started last year, means that for FY26 we expect to deliver in line with our existing guidance. "O ur strategy is delivering and we are well-positioned to create long-term value for shareholders." Update on CFO appointment We announced in October 2025 that Stephen Lamb had been appointed to become Chief Financial Officer and a Director of the Company in Q1 2026 and can now confirm that his appointment will take effect on 2 March 2026. Regulatory Disclosures The following information is disclosed in accordance with Rule 17 and paragraph (g) of Schedule 2 of the AIM Rules for Companies in connection with the appointment of Stephen Lamb, aged 52, to the Board of the Company. Stephen does not hold any beneficial interest in the Company's share capital. Current Directorships Previous Directorships (held in the past five years) Cooper Projects Limited Dry Hire Lighting Limited DVS Ltd Edge CCTV Ltd H H B Communications Holdings Limited H H B Communications Limited H H B Limited Holdan Limited Interquartz (UK) Limited Kern Und Stelly Medientechnik GmBH Midwich Australia Pty Limited Midwich Benelux Holdings B.V. Midwich Group plc Midwich Iberia S.A.U. Midwich International Limited Midwich Limited Network Sales & Solutions Limited New Tension Inc Nimans Limited Prase Engineering SpA Pulse Cinemas Holdings Ltd Pulse Cinemas Limited SF Marketing Inc Sound Technology Limited Source Distribution Ltd Square One Distribution Limited Starin Marketing Inc UK Fire & Safety Limited Yealink (UK) Limited Invision UK Ltd True Colours Distribution Limited F or further information, please contact: RWS Holdings plc Andrew Brode, Interim Chairman Benjamin Faes, Chief Executive Officer 01628 410100 MHP (Financial PR advisor) Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou rws@mhpgroup.com 07884 494112 Deutsche Numis (Nomad & Joint Broker) Stuart Skinner / William Wickham 020 7260 1000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Ben Wright / Toby Flaux / Mike Burke / Milo Bonser 020 3207 7800 About RWS: RWS is a global AI solutions company empowering the world's most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand's tone, context and customer values. Through our Generate, Transform and Protect segments, we deliver intelligent content, enterprise knowledge, large-scale localisation and IP protection for global growth. Trusted by 80+ of the world's top 100 brands, RWS provides the confidence, governance and expertise organisations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale. Headquartered in the UK, RWS is listed on AIM (RWS.L). For further information, please visit: www.rws.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RWS Holdings (RWS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and