BETA Close X Genuit Group plc will host a live investor presentation on March 17, 2026, at 14:00 GMT, to discuss its full-year 2025 results, with the Chief Financial Officer and Group Finance Controller presenting. Existing and potential shareholders are invited to attend, and questions can be submitted in advance until March 16, 2026, at 09:00 GMT, or during the live event. This announcement provides an opportunity for investors to engage directly with management regarding the company's financial performance. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 11 March 2026 11 March 2026 Genuit Group plc Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Full-Year 2025 Results Investor Q&A Genuit Group plc ("Genuit", the "Company" or the "Group"), is pleased to announce that Tim Pullen, Chief Financial Officer and Lisa Oxnard, Group Finance Controller will provide a live presentation relating to the full-year 2025 results via Investor Meet Company, on 17 March 2026, 14:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted in advance via the Investor Meet Company dashboard until 16 March 2026, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. To access, sign up to Investor Meet Company free of charge, and choose to meet with Genuit using the link below: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/genuit-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow the Company on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Enquiries: Tim Pullen, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 1138 315315 Headland Consultancy: Matt Denham Telephone: 020 3805 4822 Email: genuit@headlandconsultancy.com Chloe Francklin Notes to Editors: Genuit Group plc is the UK's largest provider of sustainable water and climate management products for the built environment. Genuit's solutions enable customers to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, while meeting evolving sustainability regulations and standards. The Group delivers its Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy via two Divisions: Climate - low carbon heating and cooling systems, and clean and healthy air ventilation. Water - products and solutions for water distribution, conservation, storage and attenuation. Genuit's portfolio includes some of the industry's most established and innovative brands, including Polypipe, Nuaire and Adey. The Group serves built environment markets with strong climate-related growth drivers, primarily in the UK and with an increasing focus on international diversification. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and