BETA Close X Genuit Group plc has announced the publication of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting. These documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are also available on the company's website. Shareholders are being sent copies of these reports, and the AGM is scheduled for Friday, 22 May 2026, at 1:00 pm at the company's offices in Leeds. Disclaimer* Genuit Group PLC 14 April 2026 14 April 2026 Genuit Group plc Publication of 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting Genuit Group plc (the "Company") announces that its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 and Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") have today been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, where they will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Copies of these documents are also available to view on the Company's website at www.genuitgroup.com . Copies of these documents are being posted or made available to the Company's shareholders today. The Company currently plans to hold its AGM at 1.00pm on Friday 22 May 2026 at its offices in Leeds at 4 Victoria Place, Holbeck, Leeds, LS11 5AE, United Kingdom. Further details can be found in the formal Notice of Meeting. Enquiries: Emma Versluys, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary +44 (0) 1138 315315 Notes to Editors: Genuit Group plc is the UK's largest provider of sustainable water and climate management products for the built environment. Genuit's solutions enable customers to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, while meeting evolving sustainability regulations and standards. The Group delivers its Sustainable Solutions for Growth strategy via two Divisions: Climate - low carbon heating and cooling systems, and clean and healthy air ventilation. Water - products and solutions for water distribution, conservation, storage and attenuation. Genuit's portfolio includes some of the industry's most established and innovative brands, including Polypipe, Nuaire and Adey. The Group serves built environment markets with strong climate-related growth drivers, primarily in the UK and with an increasing focus on international diversification. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genuit Group (GEN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and