Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 40 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 42 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 42 Item 9B. Other Information 43 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 43 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 44 Item 11. Executive Compensation 44 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 44 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 44 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 44 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 45 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 89 Signatures 90 “Gen,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and “the Company” refer to Gen Digital Inc. and all of its subsidiaries. Gen, Norton, Avast, LifeLock, MoneyLion, Avira, AVG, ReputationDefender, CCleaner and all related trademarks, service marks and trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Gen or other respective owners that have granted Gen the right to use such marks. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. 3 Table of Contents STATEMENTS AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS The discussion below contains statements, which are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). statements include statements that represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including, without limitation, references to our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, as well as statements including words such as “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “goal,” “intent,” “momentum,” “projects,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” and similar expressions. In addition, projections of our future financial performance; beliefs regarding our business and strategies; anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and in our industries; the consummation of or anticipated impacts of acquisitions (including our ability to achieve synergies from acquisitions, including, but not limited to, our acquisition of MoneyLion), expectations about certain markets, divestitures, restructurings, stock repurchases, financings, debt repayments, investment activities and our liquidity; the outcome or impact of pending litigation, claims or disputes; risks associated with third party providers; evolving regulations and increased scrutiny from regulators; our intent to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future; plans for and anticipated benefits of our products and solutions; anticipated tax rates, benefits and expenses; the global macroeconomic outlook, including but not limited to, the impact of inflation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in interest rates, and the impact of new trade policy, including the implementation of global tariffs; retaliatory trade regulations and policies; economic disruptions caused by the potential impact of volatility and conflict in the geopolitical and economic environment; general uncertainty in the financial and capital markets; and other global macroeconomic factors on our operations and financial performance; and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are statements. These statements are only predictions, based on our current expectations about future events and may not prove to be accurate. We do not undertake any obligation to update these statements to reflect events occurring or circumstances arising after the date of this report. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the statements on the basis of several factors, including economic recessions, inflationary pressures and those other factors that we discuss in Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We encourage you to read those sections carefully. There may also be other factors that have not been anticipated or that are not described in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), generally because we did not believe them to be significant at the time, which could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections and expectations. All statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. SUMMARY RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks that, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Some of our more significant challenges and risks include, but are not limited to, the following, which are described in greater detail below: • If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions and products, or continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions and products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. • Issues in the development and deployment of AI, including generative AI and emerging cyber threats, could expose us to regulatory, privacy, IP, cybersecurity, operational and reputational risks. • Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. • Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and increase their adoption of our offerings, convert existing customers to paying customers, and add new customers. • If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. • Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain products or businesses and asset impairments. • Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results and require increased time and attention from management. • Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace. • If we fail to offer customer support, our customer satisfaction may suffer and have a negative impact on our business and reputation. • If the information provided to us by customers or other third parties is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer’s qualifications to receive our products and services and our results of operations may be harmed and could subject us to regulatory scrutiny or penalties. • Our solutions, systems, websites and the data on these sources have been and may continue to be subject to cybersecurity events that could materially harm our reputation and future sales. 4 Table of Contents • We collect, use, disclose, store or otherwise process personal information and other sensitive data, which is subject to stringent and changing state and federal laws and regulations. • Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services, which could harm our business. • We are dependent upon Broadcom for certain engineering and threat response services, which are critical to many of our products and business. • Our solutions are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems and configurations, which could result in failures of our solutions to function as designed. • Negative publicity regarding our brand, solutions and business could harm our competitive position. • Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by sustainability and governance matters and/or our reporting of such matters. • We are affected by seasonality, which has in the past and may in the future impact our revenue and results of operations. • The legal and regulatory regimes governing certain of our products and services are uncertain and evolving. • If we do not protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed. • From time to time, we are party to lawsuits and investigations, which have previously and could in the future require significant management time and attention, cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products. • Third parties have claimed and additional third parties in the future may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. • Some of our products contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. • Our substantial indebtedness and related debt obligations could limit our financial and operating flexibility and increase our vulnerability to adverse business and economic conditions. • Our Amended Credit Agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us. • The failure of financial institutions or transactional counterparties could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. • We rely on a variety of funding sources to support our business model. If our existing funding arrangements are not renewed or replaced or our existing funding sources are unwilling or unable to provide funding to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Adverse macroeconomic conditions have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the consumer finance industry and our MoneyLion business. • Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the trading price of our stock in the past and could affect the trading price of our stock in the future. • We may be required to issue shares under our contingent value rights agreement. • Changes to our effective tax rate could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss), cash flows and working capital, and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. • Our corporate and legal entity structure, as well as our intercompany arrangements, are subject to the tax laws of multiple jurisdictions. These laws are complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by tax authorities. As a result, we may be required to pay additional taxes, interest, or penalties in various jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. • Our ability to use our deferred tax assets to offset future taxable income may be limited. The above list is not exhaustive, and we face additional challenges and risks. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the matters set forth below in this Part I, Item 1A. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Purpose and Mission Purpose: Powering Digital Freedom. Mission: We create innovative and technology solutions that help people grow, manage and secure their digital and financial lives. Our Values Protecting people is what inspires us, and our people are at the core of what we do. We seek to attract talent that embraces the following values: • Customer Driven. Community Minded. We are customer obsessed and drive positive impact. • Think Big. Be Bold. We embrace change and innovate fearlessly. • Be Scrappy. Make it Happen. Big or small, we get things done irrespective of title or role. • Play to Win. Together. We win for our customers, with passion and integrity. Company Overview Gen Digital Inc. is a global leader in consumer Cyber Safety and Solutions, empowering people around the world to live safer digital lives while building confidence and control over their financial futures. Through its trusted brands including Norton, Avast, LifeLock, and MoneyLion, Gen helps people protect what matters most — their data, identity, privacy, reputation and financials — through , online privacy, identity protection and financial wellness solutions used by nearly 500 million users in more than 150 countries. Today, digital life and financial life are increasingly intertwined, reshaping how people work, bank, shop, learn, connect and manage their households every day. Advances in cloud computing, mobile platforms, and artificial intelligence (AI) have expanded how consumers interact and transact online, and we expect technological advancements to continue to unlock new possibilities. At the same time, the expansion of consumers’ digital footprint is increasing exposure to cyber risks. Cybercriminals are combining techniques such as phishing, vishing and smishing with social engineering, deepfakes, attacks and abuse of systems and AI agents to execute increasingly sophisticated scams, fraud and other attacks that target people’s identities, privacy and finances. In this environment, we provide solutions designed to help consumers secure, control and manage their digital and financial lives. We are to drive awareness and adoption of Cyber Safety and Solutions for individuals, families, and small businesses, fueled by an increasingly connected world. We help prevent, detect and restore potential damages caused by cybercriminals. We also offer personal finance products, tools and content that deliver actionable insights and guidance to users. Our global, sales approach includes direct, indirect and freemium channels and a family of brands, enabling us to grow our customer base and maximize the global reach of our products and services. To this end, we offer both free and paid subscription-based solutions, which are sold and through partner relationships. Most of our subscriptions are offered on annual terms, but we also provide monthly subscriptions. We also distribute both and product offerings through integrated marketplaces and other partner platforms. As of April 3, 2026, we have approximately 500 million total users, which come from direct, partner and freemium channels. Of these total users, we have approximately 79 million paid customers which reflects all customers with at least one paid subscription as of the end of the period, and / or individuals with a unique account and at least one paid transaction in the trailing twelve months. • channel: We use advertising to elevate our family of brands, attract new customers and generate significant demand for our services. Our direct subscriptions are primarily sold through our e-commerce platform and mobile apps, and we have a direct billing relationship with the majority of these customers. We also offer our integrated core suite of financial products and services through our mobile applications and marketplace services. • Indirect partner distribution channels: We use strategic and affiliate partner distribution channels to refer prospective customers to us and expand our reach to our partners’ and affiliates’ customer bases. We developed and implemented a global partner sales organization that targets new, as well as existing, partners to enhance our partner distribution channels. These channels include retailers, telecom service providers, employee benefit providers, strategic partners, small offices, home offices, and very small businesses. Physical retail represent a small portion of our distribution, which minimizes the impact of supply chain disruptions. • Freemium channels: Our is diversified with multiple freemium channels through brands like Avast. We use free versions of our products to reach the broadest set of consumers globally and bring cyber safety to a larger audience, especially in international markets. The free solution offers a baseline level of protection and presents premium functionalities based on the risk profile and specific needs of the user. The user can choose to add specific premium solutions or upgrade to suites that provide security, identity, and privacy across multiple platforms and devices, thereby becoming a paid customer. 6 Table of Contents • Consumer and Enterprise marketplace: The acquisition of MoneyLion further expanded our reach through a consumer and enterprise marketplace, which is branded Engine by Gen. Consumers can access a broad range of personalized and actionable offers for both financial and products and services. Our Strategy Our strategy is focused on delivering sustainable and disciplined growth. For more than a decade, we have protected people’s digital lives. That is our foundation. Today, we are building something larger: a platform that moves beyond protection into full empowerment — giving people the confidence, tools, and insights to control, manage and grow their digital and financial lives. We are positioned for growth and expansion. Our three primary growth drivers are: 1. Securing Digital Lives: Extending and deepening our leadership in cyber safety by leveraging technology innovation to protect consumers, families, and small businesses against an evolving and increasingly sophisticated threat landscape, including emerging risks from scams, deepfakes, and agentic threats, while delivering proactive, personalized safety companion across devices, browsers, and AI agents. 2. Empowering Financial Wellness: Expanding our trusted solutions platform to empower consumers to protect, manage and grow their financial lives — through identity protection, financial fraud protection, credit monitoring, earned wage access, personalized financial product insights, and a recommended platform of trusted financial solutions — deepening the customer relationship from protection into empowerment and financial and compounding lifetime value across the platform. 3. Scaling Gen’s Platform Delivering a Trust Layer: Connecting our ecosystem of brands, products, and partners through a unified data and AI infrastructure to deliver personalized, proactive, and increasingly automated experiences — closing the gap between what AI can do and what consumers trust it to do. Our platform turns data into trusted recommendations and actionable intelligence, positioning Gen as the trust layer for the AI economy. The key elements of our strategy include the following: • Extend our leadership in Cyber Safety through innovation: Cyber Safety is a large market with an threat landscape. AI is simultaneously enabling more sophisticated attacks and more powerful defenses. Our strategy is to lead in both defense and empowerment, deploying capabilities such as our advanced scam detection engine, agentic security, and privacy protection solutions that anticipate threats before they materialize. Our telemetry across devices, identities, and financial signals powers a flywheel: more data improves detection, better detection builds trust, and trust drives growth. We continue to expand our portfolio into adjacent areas including family safety, small business protection, and browsing to reach new customer cohorts and geographies. • Grow our customer base through multiple channels: We maintain multiple channels to reach new customers globally, including direct, app stores, and partnerships across various business models, such as premium, freemium, and embedded marketplaces. We leverage our expertise in digital marketing, our family of trusted brands, and our expanding network of telecom, financial institution, and employer benefit partners to grow our customer base. We have access to numerous first party financial products through MoneyLion as well as our Engine marketplace that extends distribution through partners, increasing the number of consumers that see our value proposition. We believe continued investment in these distribution channels, combined with the breadth of our and product portfolio, will allow us to efficiently acquire new customers across cyber safety and financial wellness. • Deepen customer value through of all of our services: security, privacy, identity, reputation, and financial protection and empowerment: We believe our approximately 500 million users — including 79 million paid customers — represent a significant and underleveraged opportunity to deliver trusted financial solutions. Our Engine marketplace connects consumers with over 600 financial product providers across lending, insurance, credit, and banking, represents a hosted decisioning engine. We leverage our identity and behavioral data advantages to deliver personalized financial product recommendations to existing customers, increasing average revenue per user and strengthening the overall value of the Gen relationship. Customers with connected financial accounts demonstrate higher engagement, stronger ARPU, and better retention, which further deepens loyalty over time. • Continue our focus on customer retention and loyalty: We continue to optimize and expand the value we provide to customers, which we believe positively impacts retention and lifetime value. We aim to increase customer engagement through actionable identity and financial alerts, insights, and the introduction of new product capabilities and financial wellness community content. Comprehensive cyber safety membership adoption — integrating security, identity, privacy, and financial wellness into a single trusted relationship — reinforces our view that the future of cyber safety lies in solutions and ultimately a seamless secure trust layer. • Leverage our global brands and partner network to drive reach and innovation: We will continue building our family of trusted brands globally — Norton, Avast, LifeLock, MoneyLion and more — as we expand protection and empowerment to consumers across more than 150 countries. We will also continue to invest in our partner network, which includes over 650 channel partners and over 600 product providers in Engine by Gen, to enrich the choices available to our customers and accelerate our reach into new markets and customer segments. 7 Table of Contents • Scale our platform to drive compounding growth: We are investing in a unified data and AI platform that gives consumers structured, secure access to their most important information and puts the power of distribution in their hands, while connecting our brands, products, and partners into a single intelligent ecosystem. This platform enables recommendations, faster AI innovation across our portfolio, and new revenue streams through trust, data, and decisioning services. Over time, we expect it to shift our growth model from linear subscription economics toward compounding network effects, as each customer and partner interaction enriches the ecosystem. • Build the trust layer for the AI economy: As AI agents move onto consumer devices, browsing the web and executing code on the user’s behalf, the security stakes have fundamentally changed. We are building the trust layer for consumer AI: an browser, agentic protection integrated into our core memberships including an agentic VPN, and an agentic skill scanner establishing our platform as the security foundation for AI adoption. The assets required to win in this category — trusted brands, rich behavioral and financial data, broad global distribution — are difficult to replicate, creating a durable and compounding advantage as the market scales. • Pursue strategic transactions to enhance our competitive advantage: To complement our organic growth strategy, we selectively pursue acquisitions, investments, and other strategic transactions that we believe can enhance our platform capabilities, expand our current lines of business, accelerate growth in existing or adjacent markets, strengthen our ecosystem, broaden our distribution reach, deepen our proprietary data and technology assets, or otherwise enhance our competitive position. We evaluate potential opportunities based on a variety of factors, including their strategic fit, ability to drive value creation, operational and technological synergies, customer and user expansion opportunities, and financial returns. Our approach to acquisitions and other strategic transactions is guided by our financial discipline and balanced with our broader capital allocation priorities, which may include investments in innovation and growth initiatives, debt repayment, dividends, and share repurchases. Operating Segment Information We present financial information for our Cyber Safety Platform and Solutions operating segments to provide investors with greater transparency into the performance and drivers of our business. These segments reflect how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (our Chief Executive Officer) evaluates results, allocates resources, and assesses growth opportunities. By distinguishing between our core cybersecurity offerings and our Solutions, we enable investors to better understand the distinct market dynamics, revenue growth, and profitability profiles of each segment, as well as how they collectively support our strategy and value creation. Our Cyber Safety Platform Segment Cyber Safety Platform includes our security, comprehensive suites, and privacy products, which deliver technology solutions and superior threat protection to help people navigate the digital world, securely, privately and with confidence. We develop our broad portfolio of Cyber Safety products and services based on consumer insights and continuously enhance our offerings through product innovation and technology integration, including acquired capabilities, to outpace evolving threats. Our Cyber Safety portfolio provides protection across two primary categories, security and performance, and online privacy, and is delivered across multiple channels and geographies. Leveraging our technology platforms, we integrate software and service capabilities within these two categories into comprehensive and products and solutions across our brands. We protect and empower consumers by providing solutions and services in two main ways: • Comprehensive membership plans: Providing a comprehensive and Cyber Safety portfolio of solutions for a membership fee. Plans are offered through Norton 360 and Avast One subscriptions, with both brands providing multiple levels of membership tiers that range from basic, , or premium tiers where online privacy features and identity and restoration services are included. • Point solutions: Providing products and services in security, device performance, and privacy, offering flexibility for consumers to choose between free or paid solutions. These products solve for a specific need, when you need it, and can add on to the value you already have. Please see below for our full set of products by category. We are across two key Cyber Safety categories: • Security and Performance: Our offerings provide threat protection for PCs, Macs and mobile devices against malware, ransomware, phishing, and other emerging cyber threats. These offerings monitor and block unauthorized access to the device to help protect and secure private and sensitive information. Scams have also continued to become more prevalent and sophisticated and we offer a range of features integrated into Norton Cyber Safety products to provide protection from today’s most sophisticated scams across phone calls, texts, emails, deepfakes and websites. Norton Scam Protection and Scam Protection Pro utilize Norton Genie AI engine to analyze the meaning of words, not just links, helping to stop hidden scam patterns that even the most careful person can miss. We also offer solutions designed to help small businesses safeguard devices, online activities, and customer data. We also provide performance and optimization software solutions that improve device functionality by freeing up space, clearing online tracking, and managing system resources. • Online Privacy: Our privacy solutions include virtual private network (VPN) offerings through the Norton, Avast and freemium brands. These solutions provide encrypted data tunnels and connections that allows customers to securely transmit and access private information, such as passwords, bank details, and credit card numbers, when accessing the 8 Table of Contents internet through their devices, including on public networks. Our VPN solutions also incorporate advanced privacy, malware protection, and protection against sophisticated cyber threats, including scams and phishing attacks. We also offer a variety of solutions under the Norton and Avast brands to enhance online privacy, including solutions that limit tracking while browsing online, through our AntiTrack and Secure Browser products, or services that help customers identify and remove personal information from public data broker sites, through our Privacy Monitor Assistant and BreachGuard products. Our Solutions Segment We have also evolved beyond Cyber Safety to offer solutions, including identity protection, restoration support services, digital reputation, and secure financial wellness, including our MoneyLion products and our Engine marketplace offerings. These innovative solutions and insights empower consumers to manage their identity, reputation and finances confidently. • Identity Protection and Reputation: In the United States, we offer Identity Theft protection as a premium membership service primarily through LifeLock, which includes monitoring of credit reports, the dark web, social media, and financial accounts to help detect potential misuse of and safeguard our customers’ personal information. In the event of identity theft, we assign an Identity Restoration Specialist to work directly with customers to help restore their identities, and assist in the recovery process. All plans include reimbursements for certain losses and expenses incurred, with coverage limits of up to $3 million depending on the plan. Outside the United States, we offer identity solutions under the Norton, Avast, and other brands, which include dark web monitoring in over 50 countries, monitoring of credit, social media and financial accounts, restoration support, and identity theft insurance in select countries. We also provide digital reputation management services, which helps customers manage their personal branding online, including on search results, social media sites, and overall web presence. • Secure Financial Wellness: In the United States, we offer modern personal finance products, tools, and content that delivers actionable insights and guidance to our users. Through our MoneyLion brand, we provide a broad suite of financial products and services to make premium banking, borrowing and investing accessible to everyone, enhanced with identity features so users can protect the wealth they build. We also operate and distribute embedded finance marketplace solutions that match consumers with personalized offers from our partners, providing convenient access to an expansive breadth of financial solutions that enable customers to borrow, spend, save and achieve better financial outcomes. Our leading marketplace solutions provide valuable distribution, acquisition, growth, and monetization channels for our partners. This platform helps consumers navigate all of their financial inflection points, combining our deep product expertise, engaging content, marketplaces, innovative technology, data and AI capabilities to create the ultimate marketplace solution, Engine by Gen. Innovation, Research and Development Gen has a long history of innovation, and we plan to continue to invest in research and development to drive our success. As cyber threats evolve, and an increasing amount of our financial lives happen online, we are focused on delivering a portfolio that protects each element of our customers’ digital and financial lives. To do this, we engage and listen to our customers, and we embrace innovation by deploying a global research and development strategy across our platform. Our engineering and product teams are focused on delivering new and enhanced versions of existing offerings, as well as developing entirely new offerings to drive the company’s global leadership in cyber safety and secure financial wellness. We are committed to our innovation and research and development efforts. The Technology team at Gen is driving the company’s future technologies, new product development, innovation and helping guide the consumer cybersecurity and personal financial services industries. Our global technology research organization is focused on applied research projects, with the goal of rapidly creating new products to address consumer trends and grow the business, including defending consumer digital safety, privacy, identity and secure financial wellness. We also have a global threat response and security technology organization that is comprised of our dedicated team of threat and security researchers, supported by advanced systems to innovate security technology and threat intelligence. We have one of the world’s largest consumer cyber safety networks. Leveraging our capabilities, our global threat response team handles a wide variety of attacks, including social engineering attacks, attacks, web and attacks, privacy and data exfiltration attacks, identity theft attacks, algorithmic manipulation attacks, and more. Our differentiated approach is powered by our global scale and visibility, geographically distributed cloud data platform, and advanced automation. Through our AI Foundry, we build advanced AI models to improve our user’s experiences, by providing recommendations, insights, and personalized messaging tailored to their customer journey. We are also building products, AI agentic solutions, and the trust layer that makes powerful AI, safe and simple for everyday life. Industry Overview Cyber safety is a large market, fueled by the increase in activities online and the expanding digital lives of consumers globally. The core markets we participate in include security, identity, privacy, and increasingly, financial wellness. We believe the cyber safety market will continue to expand significantly, driven by the growing number of people connected to the internet and the accelerating convergence of their digital and financial lives. 9 Table of Contents The cyber threat landscape is larger and more complicated than ever before. Attack cycles have compressed, threats are more personalized and convincing, and they are almost always aimed at a financial outcome — drained accounts, stolen credentials, and fraudulent transactions. New technologies, smart devices, digital identities and an increasingly more connected world mean consumers will encounter a range of new cyber safety challenges. Consumer demands and behaviors are rapidly changing and driving more activities online, from shopping, socializing, working, banking, to other activities in healthcare, entertainment and so much more. Almost every aspect of a person’s life has a digital component. Unfortunately, many of those activities are left unprotected, and attackers are exploiting this larger opportunity and the inherent security and privacy vulnerabilities. Cybercriminals have not only expanded their reach, but the sophistication of digital threats and attacks are becoming increasingly more realistic and believable. The rise of deepfakes, synthetic identities, and autonomous AI agents — software that can browse, transact, and act on a consumer's behalf — introduces an entirely new attack surface and makes trust infrastructure more critical than ever. At the same time, consumer demand for financial guidance and access is growing with equal urgency. Despite advances in financial technology, significant gaps remain: many consumers lack access to personalized, tools to help them manage, protect, and grow their financial lives. The embedded finance marketplace model — connecting consumers with personalized offers across lending, insurance, credit, and banking — has emerged as a scalable and channel for closing this gap, meeting consumers at the moment they are most ready to act. What is emerging is the convergence of cyber safety and financial wellness into a single consumer need. Almost every cyber threat ultimately targets a financial outcome, and almost every financial decision increasingly carries a digital risk. Consumers are no longer looking for a security product and a financial app — they are looking for a trusted platform that protects and empowers their entire digital and financial life, simultaneously and proactively. We believe these dynamics — the expanding digital threat landscape, the growing demand for accessible financial wellness solutions, and the convergence of cyber safety and financial protection — will continue to drive demand for integrated platforms that address consumers' digital and financial needs together. Gen operates across both markets, connecting its family of Cyber Safety brands with financial wellness and marketplace capabilities to serve consumers across all aspects of their digital and financial lives. Competitive Landscape We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment. We face global competition from a broad range of companies, including software providers focusing on cyber safety solutions, platform and ecosystem providers such as Apple, Google and Microsoft, and ‘pure play’ companies that currently specialize in one or a few market segments, many of which are expanding their product portfolios into additional segments. We believe the competitive factors in our market include innovation, access to a breadth of consumer identity and financial data, broad and effective service offerings, brand recognition, effective technology, customer acquisition, strong retention rate, customer satisfaction, competitive price, convenience of purchase, ease of use, frequency of upgrades and reliable customer service. Our competitors may vary by offering, geography, business model and channel. Our principal competitors are set forth below: • Security: Our principal competitors in this segment include Apple, Bitdefender, ESET, F-Secure, Google, Kaspersky, Malwarebytes, McAfee, Microsoft, Trend Micro and Webroot. • Online Privacy: Our principal competitors in this segment include Apple, Aura, Brave, DuckDuckGo, IPVanish, Kape, Mozilla, Nord Security and Proton. • Identity and Reputation: Our principal competitors in this segment include credit bureaus such as Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, as well as certain credit monitoring and identity theft protection solutions from others such as Allstate, Aura, Generali (Iris), Intuit (Credit Karma) and Microsoft. • Secure Financial Wellness: Our principal competitors in this segment include Bankrate, Chime, Dave, Intuit (Credit Karma), LendingTree, NerdWallet, Robinhood and SoFi. • Other Competitors: In addition to competitors listed above, we also face competition from companies focused on one or a few of the above or adjacent categories. Many of these players are expanding into new segments and developing competing products. These include ‘pure play’ providers such as 1Password, Bark, Dashlane, LastPass, Life360, and Truecaller, as well as internet service providers, big tech platform providers, insurance companies and financial services organizations. We believe we compete effectively based on the strength of our technology, people, product offerings, and presence across the key Cyber Safety and Solutions categories. However, some competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution or other resources than we do, including in new Cyber Safety and Solutions segments we may enter, giving them competitive advantages. As a result, they may be better positioned to invest in the development, marketing, and distribution of their offerings; provide competitive solutions at lower prices or for free; and introduce new solutions or respond to market developments and customer needs more quickly or than we can. In addition, for certain solutions or features, smaller, competitors may be able to innovate and adapt more quickly to evolving market dynamics and changing consumer needs. 10 Table of Contents For more information on the risks associated with our competitors, please see “Risk Factors” – Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry – “We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue” and “We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully,” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Seasonality As is typical for many consumer technology companies, portions of our business are impacted by seasonality. However, we believe the net impact on our business is limited. Seasonal behavior in orders primarily reflects consumer spending patterns during our fiscal third and fourth quarters, as order volume is generally higher due to the holidays in our third quarter, as well as due to holiday purchases and the U.S. tax filing season which is in our fourth quarter. Revenue generally reflects similar seasonal patterns but to a lesser extent than orders because of our subscription business model, as the majority of our revenues are recognized ratably from our deferred revenue balance. Human Capital Management At Gen, our mission is to build a comprehensive and integrated portfolio that prevents, detects and responds to cyber threats and cybercrimes in today’s digital world. Our ability to execute on this mission depends on attracting, developing, and retaining a highly skilled and engaged workforce. • General Employee Demographics: As of April 3, 2026, we employed approximately 3,900 team members across more than 20 countries. With dual headquarters in Tempe, Arizona, and in Prague, Czech Republic, we have over 1,400 active employees located in the United States and nearly 800 active employees in the Czech Republic. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. • Employee Development and Training: Our people programs are designed to provide our team members with the resources and opportunities needed to grow and succeed. During fiscal 2026, we continued to invest in learning and development through our Learn@Gen platform and program, which provides employees with access to a broad range of digital and in person learning content and development opportunities. These offerings include the LinkedIn Learning catalog, Gen Mentorship programs, Peer Learning Academics, and leadership development initiatives. • Employee Engagement: We are committed to fostering a positive and productive work environment. Employee feedback is a critical component of this effort. We maintain an ongoing dialogue with our workforce through our Engage pulse surveys, which focus on targeted topics and inform actions and continuous improvements across the organization. • Benefits, Health and Wellness: At Gen, we value our people and are committed to reinforcing a positive and supportive experience through the programs and benefits we provide which are designed to support physical, mental and financial in an integrated and equitable manner. Our employee value proposition, Life@Gen, is centered on choice, flexibility, and growth, and reflects our holistic approach to the employee experience. • Human Capital Governance: Our Board of Directors, through its Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, provides oversight of our human capital management strategies. We work closely with the Committee on matters including executive compensation, overall reward strategy, talent management, talent acquisition, leadership development, succession planning, retention, and employee engagement. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property (IP) is an important and vital asset that enables us to develop, market, and sell our software products and services and enhance our competitive position. We are a leader among consumer cyber safety and secure financial wellness solutions in pursuing patents and currently have a portfolio of over 1,000 U.S. and international patents issued with many additional patents pending. We protect our intellectual property rights and investments in a variety of ways to safeguard our technologies and our success. Our IP portfolio is spread across different entities and in multiple countries. As we continue to expand our international operations, we have developed a strategy to ensure global distribution of our IP aligns with our strategic objectives, business model, and goals. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, trademark, trade secret and other protections that apply to our software products and services. The term of the patents we hold is, on average, in excess of ten years. From time to time, we enter into agreements with other technology companies covering broad groups of patents. We also use software from third parties in our business and generally must rely on those third parties to protect the licensed rights. This can include open source software, which is subject to limited proprietary rights. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, services, and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. The ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, but we believe our business is not materially dependent on any individual patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, license, or other intellectual property right. However, circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available, and the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. In addition, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 11 Table of Contents In addition, a large number of patents, copyrights and trademarks are owned by other companies in the technology industry. Those companies may request license agreements, threaten litigation, or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. For more information on the risks associated with our intellectual property, please see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Governmental Regulation We collect, use, store or disclose an increasingly high volume, and variety of personal information, including from employees and customers, in connection with the operation of our business. The personal information we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local and foreign laws regarding privacy and data security. Gen is also subject to extensive and evolving federal, state laws and regulations governing consumer financial products and services, including laws relating to consumer protection, fair lending, laundering, electronic payments, money transmission, credit reporting and licensing. Certain of our products and platform are regulated and supervised by various governmental and regulatory authorities, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission and state banking and financial services regulators. Applicable compliance requirements include, among others, regulations relating to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, lending and servicing activities, electronic fund transfers, customer disclosures, sanctions compliance, cybersecurity and the collection, use and protection of consumer data. For information on the risks associated with complying with privacy and data security laws, please see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our internet homepage is located at GenDigital.com . We make available our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC on our investor relations website located at Investor.GenDigital.com . We also use our website as a tool to disclose important information about the company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. The information contained, or referred to, on our website, including in any reports that are posted on our website, is not part of this annual report unless expressly noted. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our filings at http://www.sec.gov . Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Legal Proceedings,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and “Controls and Procedures.” The list is not exhaustive, and you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY AND INDUSTRY If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions and products, or continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions and products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our future success depends on our ability to effectively respond to evolving consumer threats, technological advancements, competitive developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced solutions and products on a timely basis. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses, including investments in AI, to drive organic growth and reduce reliance on technologies. If these investments do not produce the anticipated benefits, or if such benefits are delayed, our operating results could be adversely affected. We must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. The development and integration of new technologies — including generative AI (“Gen AI”) and machine learning — is complex, , and subject to significant risks. New technologies may contain errors, vulnerabilities, or unintended outputs, including incorrect or biased results, that are not easily detectable, which could lead to customer dissatisfaction, reputational harm, litigation, or increased regulatory scrutiny. Customers may also demand features or capabilities that our current solutions do not offer, and failure to innovate in a timely and manner could impair our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. The development and introduction of new solutions involve significant commitments of time and resources and are subject to risks and challenges including but not limited to: • Lengthy development cycles; • Evolving industry and regulatory standards and technological developments, including AI and machine learning, by our competitors and customers; • Rapidly changing customer preferences and accurately anticipating technological trends or needs; • Evolving platforms, operating systems, and hardware products, such as mobile devices; • Product and service interoperability challenges with customer’s technology and vendors; • The integration of products and solutions from acquired companies; 12 Table of Contents • Availability of engineering and technical talent; • Entering new or unproven market segments; • New and evolving regulation; and • Executing new product and service strategies. In addition, third parties, including, but not limited to, operating systems and internet browser companies, have in the past and may in the future limit the interoperability of our solutions with their own products and services, including to promote competing offerings. Such actions could delay the development of, impair the functionality of, or reduce the demand for our solutions and products, which could result in decreased revenue, harm to our reputation, and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we fail to manage these risks effectively, or if our new or improved solutions or products are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. We operate in intensely competitive and dynamic markets characterized by rapid technological developments, evolving industry and regulatory standards and market trends, changing customer requirements and preferences, and frequent new product introductions and improvements. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant competitive pressures. If we are unable to anticipate or respond effectively to these continually evolving conditions, we could lose market share, experience pricing pressure, and incur reduced revenues, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. To compete successfully, we must maintain a robust and innovative research and development effort, enhance our existing solutions and products, introduce new offerings on a timely basis, and effectively adapt to changes in the technology, financial technology, AI, privacy and data protection standards and trends. Our cyber safety and financial wellness businesses compete with a broad range of companies, including established security software vendors, operating system and platform providers, companies who specialize in a niche segment of the cyber safety market and which are expanding their portfolios into competing cyber safety products, traditional banks and credit unions, licensed and digital financial service providers, specialty finance companies, digital wealth management and brokerage platforms, embedded finance providers, financial marketplaces, and other technology companies. Many of these competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do. They may be able to offer more competitive pricing or terms, bundle products more effectively, introduce new, enhanced, broader or more specialized offerings more quickly (including for free), or respond more rapidly to technological and consumer trends. We expect our competition to continue to increase, as there are generally no substantial barriers to entry into the markets we serve. In addition, operating system and platform providers increasingly incorporate native security, privacy, and financial features into their products, often at no additional cost, which may reduce demand for our offerings or diminish their differentiation. We also depend on strategic distribution and bundling relationships, and partners have in the past replaced, and may in the future replace, our solutions with competing or internally developed offerings, promote competing products more favorably, or limit interoperability. Industry consolidation, vertical integration, and the introduction of new or alternative technologies may further intensify competition. We cannot be sure that we will accurately predict how the markets in which we compete or intend to compete will evolve. Failure on our part to anticipate changes in our markets and to develop solutions and enhancements that meet the demands of those markets or to effectively compete against our competitors will significantly impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Issues in the development and deployment of AI, including generative AI and emerging cyber threats, could expose us to regulatory, privacy, IP, cybersecurity, operational and reputational risks. We have incorporated, and are continuing to develop and deploy, AI, including Gen AI, into many of our products, solutions and services. AI systems, including AI internally developed and AI present in third party solutions, may be flawed, contain errors or vulnerabilities, reflect unintended bias, or produce inaccurate, misleading or “hallucinatory” outputs, and such deficiencies may not be easily detectable. Customers may rely on outputs in making financial, security or other significant decisions. If features in our products produce incorrect, incomplete or biased outputs, we could face claims of misrepresentation, negligence, product liability or other legal theories, as well as customer dissatisfaction, reputational harm and loss of business. Furthermore, we may face allegations of misrepresentations or “AI washing” if our disclosures about our AI capabilities or our governance are deemed to be exaggerated or misleading, which could result in enforcement actions, litigation or reputational harm. AI can present ethical issues and may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, or other challenges, including issues relating to discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, inability to assert ownership of inventions and works of authorship, loss of trade secrets, defamation, data privacy, and cybersecurity; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by partners, developers and , or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could impair the acceptance of AI solutions, including those incorporated in our products and services. If the AI solutions that we create or use are deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could incur 13 Table of Contents operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. In addition, if we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which our AI tools rely, we also may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, intellectual property, privacy or other rights, or contracts to which we are a party. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our products may also result in exposure to claims by third parties of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation, which may require us to pay compensation or license fees to third parties. For example, the large datasets used to train Gen AI technologies or output generated by Gen AI technologies may contain materials that may subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement or violations of rights of publicity. This risk is exacerbated with respect to our use of Gen AI technologies, as it can be very difficult, if not impossible, to validate the processes used by Gen AI technology providers in their collection and use of training data or the algorithm to produce outputs. In addition, regulation of Gen AI is rapidly evolving worldwide as legislators and regulators are increasingly focused on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying Gen AI and its uses are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including intellectual property, privacy, data protection and information security, consumer protection, competition, and equal opportunity laws, and are expected to be subject to increased regulation and new laws or new applications of existing laws and regulations. Gen AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their platform moderation, cybersecurity, and data protection laws and regulations to Gen AI or are considering general legal frameworks for Gen AI. For example, the EU AI Act, which came into force on August 1, 2024, will generally become fully applicable after a transitional period, with certain obligations taking effect at an earlier or later time. The EU AI Act introduces various requirements for AI systems and models placed on the market or put into service in the EU, including specific transparency and other requirements for general purpose AI systems and the models on which they are based. In addition, several U.S. states, such as California and Colorado, have proposed or enacted laws regarding automated decision‑making, deepfakes, algorithmic discrimination and so called “high‑risk” AI technologies (mandating, among other provisions, requirements for risk management, impact assessments, consumer notices and human oversight). At the federal level, a December 2025 executive order endorsed a federal moratorium on enforcement of state AI laws and the White House released in March 2026 a National Policy Framework for Artificial Intelligence, outlining nonbinding legislative recommendations to inform congressional consideration of a unified federal approach to AI regulation. Ongoing tension between the states and the federal government over how best to regulate AI may result in increased uncertainty, risk and compliance costs for our business. If we cannot use AI, or if our use of AI is restricted, it could lead to business disruption, inefficiency, or competitive disadvantage. Replacement of these technologies with compliant alternatives could require substantial capital expenditures or lead to a loss of proprietary data. Furthermore, because AI technology itself is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI, including the increased use of agentic AI and the heightened risk it poses to data privacy and cybersecurity. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI, requires us to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain AI in our products and services in a manner that meets evolving requirements and expectations and we may need to expend resources to adjust our offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or divest businesses or assets. For example, we acquired MoneyLion in April 2025. Our acquisition and divestiture activities have and may continue to involve a number of risks and challenges, including: • Complexity, time and costs associated with managing these transactions, including the integration of acquired and the winding down of divested business operations, workforce, products, services, IT systems and technologies; • Challenges in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies within the combined organization; • Challenges in retaining the customers of acquired businesses, providing the same level of service to existing customers with reduced resources, or retaining the relationships, including with suppliers, service providers, and vendors, among others; • Diversion of management time and attention; • Loss or termination of employees, including costs and potential institutional knowledge loss associated with the termination or replacement of those employees; • Assumption of liabilities of the acquired and divested business or assets, including pending or future litigation, investigations or claims related to the acquired business or assets; • Addition of acquisition-related debt; • Difficulty entering into or expanding into new markets or geographies; • Increased or unexpected costs and working capital requirements; • Dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders; 14 Table of Contents • Ongoing contractual obligations and unanticipated delays or failure to meet contractual obligations; • Regulatory risks, including remaining in good standing with existing regulatory bodies or receiving any necessary approvals, as well as being subject to new regulators with oversight over an acquired business; • Substantial accounting charges for acquisition-related costs, asset impairments, amortization of intangible assets and higher levels of compensation expense; and • Difficulty in realizing potential benefits, including cost savings and operational efficiencies, synergies and growth prospects from integrating acquired businesses. We may not be able to identify appropriate business opportunities that benefit our business strategy or otherwise satisfy our criteria to undertake such opportunities. Even if we do identify potential strategic transactions, we may not be successful in negotiating favorable terms in a timely manner or at all or in consummating the transaction, and even if we do consummate such a transaction, it may not generate sufficient revenue to offset the associated costs, may not otherwise result in the intended benefits or may result in unexpected difficulties and risks. Macroeconomic factors, such as fluctuating tariffs, trade wars, high inflation, high interest rates, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and capital markets could negatively influence our future acquisition opportunities. Moreover, to be successful, large complex acquisitions depend on product, technology, and sales force integrations that are difficult to complete on a timely basis or at all and may be more susceptible to the special risks and challenges described above. Any of the foregoing, and other factors, could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability or other financial benefits from our acquired or divested businesses, product lines or assets or to realize other anticipated benefits of divestitures or acquisitions. Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and increase their adoption of our offerings, convert existing customers to paying customers, and add new customers. It is important to our cyber and financial technology businesses that we retain existing customers and that our customers expand their use of our solutions and products over time. If our efforts to sell additional functionality, products and services to our customers and clients are not successful, our business and growth prospects would suffer. Customers may choose not to renew their membership with us at any time and may stop utilizing our products. For our solutions sold to customers on a monthly or annual subscription basis, renewing customers may require additional incentives to renew, may not renew for the same contract period, or may change their subscriptions. We therefore may be unable to retain our existing customers on the same or more profitable terms, if at all. In addition, we may not be able to accurately predict or anticipate future trends in customer retention or effectively respond to such trends. Our customer retention rates may decline or fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including the following: • Our customers’ levels of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions, the value they place on our solutions and availability of our solutions; • The quality, breadth, and prices of our solutions, including solutions offered in emerging markets; • Our general reputation and events impacting that reputation; • The services and related pricing offered by our competitors; including increasing the availability and efficacy of free solutions; • Increases in costs we incur and may pass on to our customers in order to offer our products or services; • Disruption by new services or changes in law or regulations that impact the need for or efficacy of our products and services; • Changes in and other consumer protection regulations; • Our customers’ dissatisfaction with our efforts to market additional products and services; • Our customer service and responsiveness to the needs of our customers; • Changes in our target customers’ spending levels as a result of general economic conditions, inflationary pressures or other factors; and • The quality and efficacy of our partners who assist us in renewing customers’ subscriptions. Declining customer retention rates could cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our operating results, gross margins and business will be harmed. In addition, our ability to generate revenue and maintain or improve our results of operations partly depends on our ability to our solutions to our existing customers and to convert existing customers to paying customers and add new customers. We may not be successful in cross selling our solutions because our customers may find our additional solutions unnecessary or unattractive. Our failure to sell additional solutions to our existing customers, failure to convert existing customers to paying customers or add new customers could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. An important part of our growth strategy involves continued investment in direct marketing efforts, indirect partner distribution channels, expanding partner relationships, freemium channels, our sales force, and infrastructure to add new customers. The number and rate at which new customers purchase our products and services depends on a number of factors, including those outside of our control, such as customers’ perceived need for our solutions and products, competition, general economic conditions, market transitions, product obsolescence, technological change, public awareness of security threats to IT systems, 15 Table of Contents macroeconomic conditions, and other factors. New customers, if any, may subscribe or renew their subscriptions, or utilize our products and solutions, at lower rates than we have experienced in the past, introducing uncertainty about their economic attractiveness and potentially impacting our financial results. Additionally, there are inherent challenges in measuring the usage of our products and solutions across our brands, platforms, regions, and internal systems, and therefore, calculation methodologies for direct customer counts may differ, which may impact our ability to measure the addition of new customers and our understanding of certain details of our business. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require judgment and are also susceptible to algorithms or other technical errors. From time to time, we review our metrics and may discover inaccuracies or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments. If investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. The intense competition and evolving general and economic business conditions (including rising government debt levels, potential government policy shifts, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, economic volatility, fluctuating tariff rates, trade wars, and high inflation and interest rates, among other things), may require us to change our pricing practices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions, provide offerings, or offer free introductory products that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and may be unable to retain current customers and clients or attract new customers and clients at consistent prices within our operating budget. To compete effectively, we may need to lower prices, offer promotional or freemium products, or otherwise change our pricing models. Conversely, if we increase prices in response to economic conditions, cost pressures or strategic considerations, we may experience reduced customer acquisition and retention. Any such pricing changes could reduce revenue, margins and profitability. Additionally, our solutions are discretionary purchases, and customers may reduce or eliminate their discretionary spending during periods of economic uncertainty, inflation, elevated interest rates, trade disruptions or other macroeconomic stress. We have experienced and may continue to experience a material increase in cancellations by customers or reduced retention during such periods. Many of Avira’s and Avast’s users are freemium subscribers, meaning they do not pay for its basic services, and our growth strategy for their respective products depends upon attracting and converting Avira’s and Avast’s freemium users to a paid subscription option. Numerous factors, however, have previously and may continue to impede our ability to attract and retain free users, convert these users into paying customers and retain them as paying customers. If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. A significant portion of our revenue is generated through indirect sales and distribution channels, including distributors, resellers, telecom service providers and strategic partners that bundle or incorporate our products into their offerings. In our MoneyLion business specifically, we also depend on channel partners that provide access to consumers – such as news sites, content publishers, product comparison sites and financial institutions – and on product partners that offer financial products through our marketplace platform. Our channel and partner agreements are generally nonexclusive, impose no minimum sales or marketing commitments and may be terminated or renegotiated at any time, potentially on less favorable terms. Many of our partners frequently offer competing products or services and may prioritize those offerings based on pricing, promotional support, incentives, economics or strategic considerations. Sales and revenues generated through indirect channels are subject to general economic conditions, competitive dynamics, changes in partner strategy and performance and partner financial health. For example, in our MoneyLion business, our success depends in part on the delivery of qualified consumer lead inquiries and conversions to completed transactions for various financial products to product partners. However, the failure of our marketplace platform to effectively connect and match consumers from our channel partners with product offerings from our product partners in a manner that results in converted customers and increased revenue for such product partners could cause product partners to cease spending marketing funds on our marketplace platform, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to maintain or increase our marketplace revenue. Any reduction in partner sales efforts, termination of key relationships, delays in payment, adverse changes in commercial terms or other adverse channel developments could materially and adversely affect our revenue, margins and operating results. In addition, the success of our business and our ability to engage and retain customers in our platform are dependent in part on our ability to produce or acquire popular content, which in turn depends on our ability to retain content creators and rights to content for our platform. We may in the future incur increasing costs to compensate content creators for producing original content. We have limited control over our partners’ business practices, and any misconduct, regulatory or legal noncompliance, financial distress, reputational harm or failure to perform involving a partner could negatively affect our brand, customer relationships and operations. If a partner fails to perform its obligations or comply with applicable requirements, our operations and financial results could be negatively impacted. 16 Table of Contents Consolidation among retailers, online platforms, financial institutions or other distribution intermediaries may increase their negotiating leverage, reduce available distribution channels for us and negatively affect pricing and margins. In our MoneyLion business, changes in product partners’ underwriting standards, marketing budgets, financial condition or strategic priorities could reduce the availability of financial products on our platform, decrease marketing and advertising revenue, delay payments or otherwise negatively affect our results. In general, any changes in these relationships or loss of these partners or vendors, any failure of them to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at all or if they were to cease to provide such functions for any reason, could degrade the functionality of our platform, materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements or disadvantage us compared to our competitors. We also rely on relationships with partners to obtain and maintain customers, and our ability to acquire new customers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these relationships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. Finally, if we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels successfully, these channels may conflict with one another or otherwise fail to perform as we anticipate, which could reduce our sales and increase our expenses as well as weaken our competitive position. Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain products or businesses and asset impairments. In response to changes in industry structure and market conditions, we have been and may continue to be required to strategically reallocate our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting certain businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses has and may continue to result in the recording of special charges, such as , workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Our loss contingencies have and may continue to include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel, reschedule or adjust with

[truncated]