C)©)

The clestination
‘ _ Sor clesurtcals

BOWARIPLS
\  Aanusl Repent ene) Ascounts 22

Company numiser SEAS

oy

Contents)
Overview)

“eg We make

Povestenucace)

customers’ lives

lOweveCTeCtewalucy

crm easier by helping

One exitine

Ourveter ene
oe them brilliantly
Ourieeinatogy

reroll

Comarsiy

Reeeltngy

Our sixeiagy

Hier Grete Chitean’s smeRaghs cexte
Our misis

fe ugag noarithoumetcicennolert
BSUStOMGD ITC

Wctenols acta cbilirgissuesd

BSC ceenagy and sites,
SUstoincblelvingy

Boge ouoloudResponcibic)

AR iter tite FPetune

euearmmenaa We are a leading online electricals retailer
GGetr’staiier ondtestetten In 2000, we started by selling white goods, big items like fridge .
Boordonorectors freezers, cookers and washing machines. We now sell all kinds of

Keon Docotegovernoncereporn electricals: major domestic appliances, small domestic appliances,
Rteomibisiitens Commas Keser audiovisual equipment, computing, mobile, gaming and smart
Btcitcommttcerepory home technology. We sell over 6,000 different products on ao.com
De ctor re mune rorlOnepory to millions of happy customers, and we are able to deliver these at
Ohackens ape speed with our tried-and-tested logistics network. It doesn't stop
there: we install these products and recycle our customers’ old ones
OugResults) and finance and insurance are offered on them too.

INGLE SEDIstAR Avior Skate
RooSCldcted acomestarernen {
fool olor tate mentor

Om preDensivolicomes
Gspsciidietas) sxekamens

ORF DOOCOtDOs tog

ie ODS OUCGTEC state en
Censaisehes Kohan oF ea fas
WoteszOTnercOnsOudatedy
Eponcoletovemental
beommpapuitocementy

Onin! geste
Cichoggesirequitty

Neias toto asprin

irene kenaAHES

ishareholderinformation)
GOS nyperent teem
23 Gessery

SSVSSSBBSERESRBSBSRBBRBR Reg

6668 68 8 6 G8 geggeee

a)
WY

Overview

Our mission is to become the
destination for electricals

crucial pillars

© recs more about our strategy on poge 44 and 45

i] Astrategy focused on five

Lead by our purpose:
making customers’ lives easier
© byhelping them brilliantly

© Read more about our customers on pages 26 and 27

% Ensuring we don’t only make

our mums proud, but make

© our grandchildren and future
generations proud too - being
aresponsible retailer

© Read more about how we ore sustainable on pages 68 and 83

oq

Year

LoS FS)

»

2 J

nreview

AO was founded on the belief that online was a better
way to buy and sell electricals. That belief is as strong
as ever, even - and especially - as we go through

one of the most challenging environments we’ve
weathered as a Group. Our purpose is as important
now as ever, to make customers ' lives easier by
helping them brilliantly.

The past 12 months have been a turbulent time for
retail and AO - of course - hasn’t been immune to
those effects. The initial view, both in AO and beyond,
was that the Covid-enforced consumer behavioural
change would meaningfully stick in both the UK and
Germany, and with it would create lots of opportunity
to accelerate growth and expansion. It was seen

as a once-in-a-generation opportunity to leverage
our scale and market position, and to really take
advantage of the opportunity while it existed, and we
invested accordingly.

When Covid restrictions eased, the picture was very
different to that planned. It became clear as we
progressed through the new financial year, that there
was a whole raft of new challenges to navigate.

Our markets and our business have all undergone
extraordinary change over the past year. Our focus
Now is on responding to those changes with AO’s usual
agility, determination and innovation.

The qualities that have made our business a

success - brilliant customer service, strong supplier
relationships and innovation - still underpin our
strategy and are an integral part of our corporate
culture. Our business remains resilient, and the actions
we have taken over the past year have increased our
ability to respond to changing market dynamics with
strengthened financial foundations. We therefore look
forward to the year ahead with cautious optimism.

@B_/soworld PL? Annual Report and Accougts 2022 \ ( ~ ]

oe)
YU

Performance

Key Performance Indicators

Group revenue
(€m)

797 | 903

Group Adjusted Cash flow?
EBITDA' (£m) (£m)

1046 | 1,661 |1.557 25 | 191 | ea [es

(376)

Fre FYI9 FY20 FY21 FY22 Fria. FY20 FY21 FY22 Fie FYIs FY20 FY21 FY22
1 For consistency, only FY19-
Loss before tax: Net debt®: FY22 figures are shown as
these hove been restated
£37m £33m for IFRS 16 Lease liabilities.
(FY21: £20m profit) (FY21: E58mnet funds) Agjusted EBITDA is defined
‘onpage 204
2 Net (decrease) increase
incash.
UK customers? 3 Acustomer is defined asan
" individual customer who hos
(000) purchased through us via.
‘aocominthe Uk
12,000 + NPSisanindustrymeasure
of customer loyalty and
satisfaction; UK NPS is based
10,000
‘onaturnover weighted
000 average of co.com and MPD,
“ adjusted for responses.
6000 5 Netdebtisdefinedas cash
less borrowings less owned
4900 ‘asset lease Liabilities but
. ‘excluding right of use asset
2,000 lease liabilities.
°.
Fy FYIS FYI6 FYIT FYIB FYIS FY20 FY2I FY22

UK Trustpiler average cating

aS AB I8

Operational highlights

7

New agreement with Homebase
to supply appliances and
installation and recycling services
to its customers over an initial five
year term

* AOremainsaUK marketleaderin = *
MDA with an 18% market share and
32% overall online share

* Over 4 million new customers?
experienced AO's brilliant
customer service (FY20-FY22), with *
notable step changes in post Covid
repeat purchase rates

* 6.350,000 Trustpilot ratings,
‘averaging on excellent 4.6 out of 5
stars and UK Net Promoter Score .
averaging 86*

Over two million fridges have now
been recycled at our AO Recycling
facility and we are now working with
manufacturers to use our recycled
plastic in new products

Decision taken to close German
business; orderly closure of the
business in progress

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Overview

}
t

03

Investment case

The electricals market has grown
20% over the last nine years, and
Moved increasingly online over this
‘period. Despite ‘extraordinary market

| conditions caused by Covid we expect

‘ this to continue. As one of the market

| teaders in digitat retailing of electricals,
'

}

The destination
for electricals

we are focused on cementing this
change in consumer habits to ensure
that AO is the destination of choice in
electrical retailing.

Through The AO Way, we leverage
our centres of expertise across alt
our businesses to deliver a seamless
and compelling customer offer. Our
scale, supplier relationships, customer
focus and market expertise have
resulted in consistently high customer
satisfaction ratings.

Our strong and sustainable cash flow
‘and solid Uk market positions underpin
our long-term investment case.

A compelling customer offering is at the heart of

our strategy
We focus on being brilliant for our customers, and our teams care
@ passionately about keeping our customers happy. We make it
e easy for customers to buy what they need, when they need it,

with comprehensive product information, next day delivery and
oe . installation, competitive pricing and recycling. Our focus on creating
The destination of choice for ‘an exceptional customer experience is the basis of our long-term
digital electrical retailing market leadership strategy. We empower our people to make the right
We are a digitat retailer of electricals | decisions, not necessarily the easy ones, to deliver for our customers
with a teading market share in major : and partners.
domestic appliances ("MDA") anda
significantly growing market share L
in small domestic appliances ("SDA’),
computing, consumer electronics
and mobile. We are o natural market
disrupter with an ambitious mindset,
underpinned by strong partner relations
and efficient logistics operations,

The One AO platform that leverages our centres of

expertise to create an efficient, scalable business model
We operate a centralised and vertically integrated model where experts in our
disciplines create best practice solutions and drive innovation efficiently and

. Consistently across our businesses. This operating model enables us to gain
maximum operational gearing at the lowest cost per sale. It also guarantees a
Consistently high-quality customer experience across our businesses.

© Reodmore obout howe create value on poges 2 ends

04 = AOQWorld PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022

is

O-

Overview

Long-term partner relationships We work with a valued network of suppliers, from
Gurrelationshipswith manufacturers sponthefullrangeof mall local firms to large international businesses
internationally recognised household names who rely on including mobile network providers, delivery firms

© ccrocecteoauaitgdigtotexperence for theieproducts "2 financial services providers thot underwrite our
and our customers. We collaborate with them to ensure product protection and consumer crecit plans. These
thot our customers have the widest choice of products partners help ensure that our customers have the best
to meet their specific needs at attractive pricing levels. possible experience from the start of their purchase
Manufacturers olso collaborate to help formulate ourB28 _iOurneyto recycling of their old products at our own
offering and support our sustainability initiatives, working recycling site.
with usto research ways of reusinghighengineered plastic @)_ Read more obout our business model on pages 12 ond13
partsin new build models.

Supporting sustainability

to create a better world

Our culture to always do the right thing, our customers’
concerns about sustainability and changing government
regulation, means that sustainability is at the heart of
our corporate culture and strategy. We manage our own
high-quality recycling services for both our own operations
‘aswell as for third-party customers, handling packaging
waste, waste electricals ("WEEE") plastics and metals. We
are a signatory to the British Retail Consortium’s Climate
Action Roadmap goal of Net Zero 2040 and look forward
to defining our carbon reduction strategy as technology
improves.

© Read nowwe hove had a positive impact this year on pages
68 ond 8s

Our amazing culture

® Our excellent 4.6 star Trustpilot rating and world-class
net promoter scores are the result of our enthusiastic
and dedicated AOers. Our people are at the heart of
our strategy, and we inspire them to be innovative and
bold in delivering for our customers. We encourage
collaboration and innovation across our businesses
‘and motivate them to work at AO speed to deliver
today rather than tomorrow. This entrepreneurial
spirit of developing new opportunities and relentlessly
striving to do better is at the heart of our corporate
culture and helps us keep growing and adapting
to changes in our fast-moving markets. Itis the
combination of all these factors and the alignment of
our people to our purpose, values, business strategy
and priorities that creates our AO culture supporting
our continued growth.

@ Reodhow we have had a positive impact this year on pages
22ond 23

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022 05

Strawagie

lostChainsstatementy

1 2mHow,we createvalue)

% erami=s

ns mournbrand]

@ erate

24 BOurvalues)

P26 ROurcustomers)
f28kOurtechnology}

BSOsUKiretail)

B3icermany]

 evagoies

Es6vogistics}

sekRecycting)

4%Ournstrategy]

a6 EChie Executive Officens strategic review]
8 iChicf.cinancialoffices review)
iS4gOurrisks)

ieGqeEngaging withougstakeholders)
ieB¥Sustainability)
(GoEMaterialsustainabilitylissues}
POE SGistrategyand pillars)

a

t7 ORF airlEqualiand Responsible)
iga¥ritforthe Future)

Tha whale exparianss

uth cacem wes five sxer
FromIstanutowinisheaivvilly
Gatinikaly ge we tham Girss
thelnextitimerlineeditolshopig

Hanety
BOCustomerg

Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chair's statement

A challenging year in the face of
unprecedented volatility

This has been a tumultuous year for business, and for

the retail sector in general. The Covid restrictions during
2020 and most of 2021 curtailed consumer spending

in traditional shops and accelerated the longer-term

trend to online shopping. We invested significantly

and boldly to meet consumer demand and capture

New customers, which brought new pressures for our @
business in logistics, warehousing, staffing levels,

inventory and delivery but enabled us to expand )
Our category reach and to introduce over 4 million

new customers to the brilliant AO service since the
Pandemic started in 2019.

We entered the year with optimism but as the

year progressed, our business faced increasing
macroeconomic headwinds including global supply
chain disruption, labour shortages and a well-
documented growing cost of living crisis for consumers,
As a result of this combination of global factors,

our markets weakened considerably as the year
progressed.

Our UK business

Despite the market challenges, our UK business showed
resilience, with reported revenues of £1,37 billion, which
decreased by 4.6% from FY21at the height of the Covid
Pandemic, but increasing 52% on a two year like-for-like

made our business basis. We have an exceptionally strong customer base
- TH " that surpassed the 10 million customers mark, adding 4
a success - brilliant million customers in the past two years alone, achievin
customer service, market-leading customer satisfaction scores on NPS
. and Trustpilot. We also retained our market share,
strong supplier both online and of the total market, and remain one of
. . the leaders in the retail of major domestic appliances
relationships and ("MDA") with a 32% online market share in the UK,
constant innovation - even as Customers returned to traditional bricks and
. Mortar stores to a greater degree than was originally
are still at the heart of anticipated. Opportunities to leverage this customer
our strategy and are Py bose underpin our business and our future strategy,
. ‘SY Reodmoreobout Like many businesses, we faced a number of challenges
an integral part of our Ukretoil business 9S We emerged from the Covid lockdown. Clobal
” onpages30and32 Supply chains have struggled to cope as the global
corporate culture. economy emerged from Covid restrictions, which
oO led to component shortages and hugely increased
Geoff Cooper Reod more abo Container shipping rates. Asa result, product and range
Chair cursuppierson _OVailability was constrained for certain lines although
pages 34.and 35 Qs one of the market leaders, we were still able to offer
[ wider range than many others electrical retailers,

O08 = AOWorid PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022

©)

This was compounded by inflationary pressures in
other costs right across the business, from staffing, to
vehicles, energy, ond fuel.

Our flexible and agile operating model meant that we
could respond rapidly to the shortage of drivers inthe
second quarter of FY22 which temporarily impacted
service levels. Through a mixture of flexing our model of
self-employed drivers, introducing a limited employed
model and leveraging our apprenticeship programmes,
we successfully met these challenges, although at
ahigher ongoing operating cost. Crucially, despite
these challenges the quality of our customer service
throughout the never wavered.

We anticipate that the UK consumer will continue to

be challenged by cost-of-living pressures in the near
term, but that our strong market position and customer
proposition will continue to underpin our resilience and
‘our market position.

Germany closure

Following a significant migration to online shopping
during the pandemic, German customers returned to
traditional channels as Covid restrictions lifted to a
much greater extent than we expected. However, the
strong performance of the online channel through
this period prompted traditional retailers to create
and promote online customer acquisition models. This
resulted in a huge increase in the cost of customer
acquisition, as competition for online sales intensified,
with the extra capacity of the online channel created
through the pandemic competing for pre-pandemic
levels of sales.

Strategic Report

These factors, unfortunately, outweighed the
economies of scale that we had achieved. After

six months of intense competition, we undertook a
strategic review of the business which resulted in the
eventual decision to close our German business. We
sincerely thank all our employees in Germany who
worked so hard to build the business. We are continuing
to carry out an orderly closure of the business and
expect the total cash costs to be between Enil and
£5m inFY23

Employees are at the heart

of our success

Our dedicated and talented employees are the face

of AO to our customers, and they are the reason

thot we consistently win market leading customer
satisfaction ratings. Our AO culture is how we deliver for
our customers which is what sets us apart as a business.
Behind every happy customer are around 3,600 AOers,
making our customers’ lives easier by helping them
brilliantly. Our AOers have lived our values to make their
mums proud, and we thank each and every one of them
for their hard work, this year and every year.

We are acutely aware that our people have continued
to deliver brilliant service whilst dealing with enormous
change and uncertainty. We are determined to repay
their professionalism, dedication and resilience, and we
look forward to further engagement.

o9

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chair's statement continue

Value Creation Plan (“VCP”)

Over recent months the Board and the Remuneration
Committee has spent substantial time considering the
Current VCP, its terms and the rationate for introducing
such a plan. The VCP was aimed at incentivising and
rewarding exceptional performance and retaining the
talented team whilst driving exceptional value creation
for shareholders. The scheme is currently significantly
underwater; it is therefore neither incentivising nor
retaining our people. Since the introduction of the

VCP, our strategy is much changed following our
decision to exit Germany and to focus on generating
Profitable growth in our UK markets together with cash
generation. We believe that this revised strategy will
deliver significant vatue to shareholders in the medium
totong term; we still want to reward exceptional value
creation and believe an all employee VCP scheme will
galvanise our people in delivering that value. Having
consulted our major shareholders, all of whom have
indicated their support, we will be putting forward a new
VCP for shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM which will
replace the current VCP.

We have retained many features of the original VCP -
with o maximum plan vatue of £300m - capable of being
Ochieved at a £6bn market cap (as before). However, in
order to fully incentivise and reward employees from
the current share price, we are proposing the plan will
begin funding at a share price of £1. In recognition of

the reduced threshold target, the funding rate of the
scheme has been reduced significantly from 10% of
value created above the threshold to 5.5%. As before,
John our CEO has committed to gift any shares received
under the scheme to charity. Further details of the
Proposal are set out in the Directors Remuneration
Report on page 16.

ESG and sustainability

During the year the Board reviewed the development of
the Croup’s ESG strategy, commissioning an externally
led materiality assessment. We approved six long-term
commitments set out on page 70 and look forward to
making progress against these initiatives. In relation

to our climate pledge, we support the British Retail
Consortium’s Net Zero Targets and wilt work with third
Party experts to define our path to net zero inthe
coming years.

Board changes

In January 2022, Luisa Delgado stepped down from

the Board at the end of her three-year term to pursue
other personal interests. We are extremely grateful

for her service to AO and wish her well in her future
projects. Shaun McCabe replaced Luisa as interim chair
of the Remuneration Committee, andwe are currently
looking to recruit two to three new Board members to
complement the experience and skill-set of the existing
Board. A fuller discussion of the Board's work over the
year is inctuded in the Corporate Governance section
starting on page 88.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Outlook

The new financial year marks a period of realignment
for the business as we undertake a strategic pivot to
focus on cash and profit.

In June, following a strategic review of our Germany, we
announced the decision to close that operation, with
estimated cash costs in FY23 of nil to £5m, a significant
improvement on our originat estimate of nil to £15m.

In July, to strengthen the balance sheet and increase
liquidity back to historical levels relative to revenue, we
conducted a placing of new ordinary shares, raising
¢.£40m of capital. This also provides the flexibility to
capitalise on significant long term growth opportunities
in the UK. Our addressable market in the UK has grown
to £23.4bn as our proposition has extended into new
categories. The online segment of the market in those
Categories remains AO's key opportunity as the overall
migration to online retailing continues. We are also
successfully leveraging our logistics expertise and

have signed an extendable five-year contract with
Homebase to supply appliances and installation and @
recycling service to Homebase's customers, where /~
Homebase agrees to purchase from AO exclusively, <4
MDA and audio-visuat appliances. We are discussing

similar partnerships with other kitchen retailers,

As the business focusses on the significant opportunity
we see in the UK, the process of simplifying operations
and optimising our cost base is already underway,

The focus of this is to rationalise, simplify and refocus
our Uk operations, which entails exiting some lines of
business that donot fit our model. This, combined with
driving operational efficiencies and overhead reduction,
is estimated to generate significant benefits by FY25.
In the short term, we expect our strategic pivot and
business realignment will reduce both sales and costs,
but in the medium term it is our ambition to deliver
‘overage revenue growth of 10+% per annum with an
EBITDA margin of 5+% and improved cash generation.

This is an unprecedented volatile environment for
business planning as the post-pandemic retail
environment is substantially shifting, which presents
both challenges and opportunities for AO as a leading
online electricals retailer. Trading through the first.
quarter of FY23 has remained broadly in-line with

the Board's expectotions for FY23 revenues in the
approximate range of £1bn to £1.25bn and Group
‘adjusted EBITDA for the full yearin the range of £20m-
£30m with the usual weighting towards the second half
of the year.

Geoff Cooper
Chair

17 August 2022