CO
NO,

The UK's Most Trhustac]
Slactriieel

The UK's mosttrusted 7

e \
electrical retailer

25 years.ago, AO was founded.on a £1 bet.

Today, were the most trusted major electrical

retailer globally on Trustpilot with around

750,000 reviews and an average rating of 4.9/5.

We sell over 9,000 different electrical products on ao.com, from major
domestic appliances, small domestic appliances, audio visual equipment,
computing, haircare, mobile, gaming to smart home technology and more.

Millions of happy customers choose AO because we're able to deliver quickly
with our tried-and-tested logistics network, as well as offering installation,
industry-leading recycling, finance and insurance - all underpinned by our
trusted service that’s magic in the moments that matter.

Contents

Chair's statement: o1
Highlights of the year 02

Strategic Report

Our business model and strategy
Our ecosystem of expertise
and service
Our markets
Our brand
Chief Executive Officer's
strategic review
Financial & Operational Review
Our risks
Section 172 Statement
Sustainability
1 Sustainable living
Task force on climate-related
financial disclosures ("TCFO")
Climate-related Risks and
Opportunities
2Fair, equal and responsible
3Fit for the future

‘Our Governance

Governance at a glance
AO's compliance with the 2018
Corporate Governance Code
(the *Code")

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report
Nomination Committee Report
Audit Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’

responsibilities in respect
of the Annual Report and
the financial statements

50

‘Our Financials

Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of
financial position

Consolidated statement

of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of
cosh flows

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Company statement of
financial position

Company statement of
changes in equity

Notes to the Company

financial statements

important information

Glossary

103
4

us

6

WW

ne

150

151

152

158
159

(Gh GECEEOIOTELETA GH CPORPEL AED OH STATES)
(peyiou mance oo Noy

RAVES Sep EDC Retell MEMES FAN
pohrdireApuheearantn eactetiorey oie

worn lan Om
oltpurdhaoatn eotec eae
foc|Osted pronitipefOLet oxo: 1m ‘gti

FIM TR BKM SLES Cho BAA Own trelteNeS
SROEL SGU CAEL TOPMOST AER
und eran Samim totenire a aRg teeEM ST
FATA MOCO TOLMER OF SGI GIN)
fag seo oes opps
SHES WSGTENER KO TAMARA GNETEIS
@ogUtea Tie Grepetendo RecavetMT)
arate dalle i ro(pemroremn SELINA SAO
to Ooteiney AD onan Caveialsle eH CT
CASTS,

BI Diststiong pewonmoncewWasdelivered

AAMAS WO MAMOMETIES WNP
OCTANE IAAT
worsen GampEARIEN Wiss Gnalangas,
RRS ESROCR DPI IN TOGATM GS)

Ouirgrine yam oe SAG TITANS ST
PneWWiccnecoing Ob lerecommercooperatony
Ci Ehy camstamTeTRENy TEATS
Praistoc quisition willlen Oblast Oc oOnc cats)

on stipedmopileandteciipropOsitOugouleling]}
OORT ATCO CTTTS CHT)
Rinlock Valve BtOUCMOUdr evel Se SOOpIUICH CIO)

Py pists BUCO neOUSIUCIVORC In ONgSUStIO DILLY)

Ciitecly, a7 TOYA WHAICTPMIIL
(pevronmiwellodc ustomctROuarLSsupIlOtsC Otc}

REN NKACAS IO AIIM ADOC THI)
evicwsy

COATT), MEMO SEATS
PO iibelongingondaoreoperch ing witha tOWLUy
Poiods etawerore woungrogetedc oBesivelon Cy
rofl LOUING DUIUOOUUKOCLOSSLexS LOUD Od Liver
BStoKenoldemyclucy

Bp OUGiOUgevolUCUO MOL Be. BOOrConditsy

Loreen tarennesNS, EH Gi

oun non

HTD TTTONITATOUTENOSTINTBOSUP
SER. WHA SERN CP ReIDTATRS M2 FES

Prpatepieete eoeT SeLeTSIN GLETATRET WO TOYS
focMeMEAeaOcUATATY,

BR owar dec hcrpeuOcs- LOWED pontecMONTEICGIO5)
Poce bic hope ouag Office miMadciion Ouisexisting)
‘CMe Pinelaceel OMIA). HANS G[eIsLe AA

ATES ARMA CPL) ATOMS MTA)
DIOCESES KORE or SoC Ci eT

Porincocdi onc mesponsiolin og awagsouc}
Gite! GaveePFAGDR EERVTIES TROCeTO ES
focenpleaseaw ita neprogiessiVarposadely}
GAVACPING MS LAIS CTE eA
TOAESGUTL CROATIA Cf ay GOATTAALL Wo.

Cuaphoa eur mamsozeoronite ames
cater conplenprant ort RORSOSEA er
oojective te momeucaauge once ocec Onc un
Poroumobilit Us Oc OBL nu Cs OgLOW Leven ueKOlOngside)

[GeotCooped
[encig

Sb eo cey TE ATRIOS OA ASSOOR INTENTS HIST GUTS CE
eT

fAO.World PICtAnnual Reporuand Accounts 2025)

fo}

M2!AJ2AO,

qoday 21683035

°
§
2
2
g
3
a
$
3
8

sjo}ouDUt4 JNO.

UORDWWJOJUT JepjoyasoYS

Highlights of the year

Our obsession with
amazing first-time
customer service and
creating magic in the
moments that matter is a
true brand differentiator
and a significant moat
around the business.”

John Roberts
Chief Executive Officer

és

We are focusing on driving
revenue growth and
profitability in product
categories in which we
can leverage our whole
ecosystem and deliver
the right return.”

imark Higgins

Group Chief Financial
Officer and Chief
Operating Officer

 LFLisLike-for-Like bosis and etotes to the

continuing operations of the Group, excluding

the post acquisition revenue and PET of

musicMagpie. LFL revenue excludes the post

Financial Alternative Performance Measures

B2C Rev? Growth

12%

LFL Revenue’

£1,108m

(2024: £1,039m)

LFL adjusted PBT’

£45.2m

(2024: £34.3m)

£1,138m £20.6m

(2024: £1,039m) (2024: £34.3m)

Net Funds*

£23.4m

(2024: £34.4m)

:
Financial
Revenue PBT

Product Range

Major domestic Small domestic Other

appliances(MDA) appliances(SDA) categories

| 4,150 1,848 3,137

| (2024: 3,883) (2024: 1,326) (2024: 2,428)

People

Employee Labour Top 200

index score stability

81 65% UK Best
° Employer

(2024: 81) (2024: 48%)

[ sustainabiity
MDA
| recycled

Consumer
Tech recycled*

191K units

(2024: 180k units)

1.2M units
[ (2024: 1.0m units)

Plastics
processed

9.3k tonnes

(2024: 11k tonnes)

acquisition revenue of musicMagpie) of £297m, Adjusted PET

excludes the fees related to the musicMagpie (mM) acquisition and

‘The AO family

the impairment charge relating to the Mobile cash generating unit.

See page 18,

2 82C (usiness-To-Consumer) revenue relates to products
ond services purchased by B2C customers through the etoil
websites (including membership fees and revenue attributable to

protection plans sold with the products).

3 Net Funds is defined as cashless borrowings less owned asset
leased tiobilities, but excluding right of use asset leosed liabilities.
« Figures given are for musicMogpie for the 12 months to i
31March 2025 versus the 12 months to 30 November 2024.

Nb mobile

Xu —

02 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

elekDirect

The AG Outfar Store

Grrordstiies Gp musicMagple (5) buymobiles

Quickly. Easily. Forless.

Who docustomerstrust? ¢¢

MaIAJ2AQ.

® Trustpilot ratings' Great choice, easy to use online search engine,
. fast delivery with very friendly staff. We have
el ve] te] ve] also signed up as members as this offered
8 extra discounted prices, free delivery and
Excellent free old appliance removal for recycling. A
Rating 4.9/5 fabulous service - very happy.”

747,674 Reviews AO Customer review
)

FY24: 532,308
éé

4&5-Stars Excellent all round. Ordered Wednesday,
fd G9 G%) delivered Friday. Guys arrived within
fo. ; .
designated time slot. Lots of updates
beforehand and a call to confirm exact time.
1,2&3-Stars Quick and efficient removal of old washing
machine then installation of new. Polite,
courteous, helpful, thorough. Really cannot
fault anything about the whole process from
start to finish and will definitely use AO again.”
AO Customer review

@ouDUaAOD JNO )/

‘Our,Social Media)
Withvastrong ondengaged community onfollowers,

(omoupaOsociorcnannels including EOCeOOORY
Tiktontinstogromeanc.pinterest weve ucouwescell

Our customer focus -ao.com?

The AO smile is more than a togo, it’s how we make
customers feel in every interaction with us. That's why
customers come back again and again.

S[O}9UDUI4 INO.

2milion
followers}

New customers vs repeat customers

© Newcustomers {670k)

@ Repeat customers (1,106k)

Cumulative customers %

14000

(eonounoyut iepiouo.0us

k We're AO
es and we're here to
y _ prighten your doy.

12000

“cll ill

ema pms ens ery ene Fre Fz Fa

» Trustpilot scores sourced from their website, FY25: April 2025 and FY24: April 2024,
2 Acustomeris defined as an individual customer who has purchased through us via ao.com.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025 03

Our business
model and
strategy

Qo trust
NJ AO BRAND

| Best Huma It all
people | Our values | touch just works

& Free of charge fo Finance account 2
= recycling Mobile af
a F ; Membership proposition 3
y ree of charge { le oD
= elivery 9 Share of Wall t J Expanding 3
oO | ——————_ Shared Economics non-MDA range <
= 2} a
S| Member a” Further 2
Y | discount pricing _|__ innovations
liver “|

Awesome advice | Full World-class | Best | 100% | Complete delivery | Groat brand
and help to buy range personal service | price | availability and erthion relationships

BRILLIANT RETAIL BASICS

04 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Brandtrust (1)

Customers are at the heart of our strategy, so we obsess
about providing the best possible proposition and
service experience.

Our people are core to delivering this by living and breathing
our values, treating customers like our grans and making
decisions our mums would be proud of, within a high-
performance culture in which they can grow and flourish

Quite simply, the best service should always be no service.
We need to build everything to eliminate friction and waste
‘ond work perfectly every time.

What we do, and how we doit, is not easily replicated.
Vertical integration and structural economic advantage
takes time - and sometimes blind faith. It is difficult to build
scale in low-frequency categories.

Consequently, AO has a strong, trusted brand identity,
underpinned by a globally leading 4.9 out of 5 from three
quarters of a million Trustpilot reviews.

Deepening customer relationships @®

We want to deepen our relationship with customers beyond
britliant retail basics. In membership, not only have we
created a shared economics model that customers can
understand and invest in with us. It also drives frequency of
transactions, familiarity and loyalty,

Vertical integration enables us to control both costs and
value capture, driving efficiency throughout the group,
driving profit through the membership model.

Aswe capture more of our customers’ share of wallet, we can
leverage our structural advantage and drive profitability
further. This, in turn, enables our investment in shared
economics with members via exclusive extra discounts,
motivating them to further invest their share of wallet.

i
1

This model encourages customers to use their membership
more ond, therefore, motivate renewal because they get
more value across more products.

Transactions on AOcom are even quicker and simpler with
a finance account so we encourage members to sign up,
which further drives repeat purchases.

This also enabies us to offer promotional finance to spread
the cost, including exclusive member deals, We will further
drive share of wallet through the expansion of our non-MDA
product range and our mobile proposition.

Membership provides predictability and visibility of future
sales and spend, enabling further service enhancements
such as choice, pricing and services, as well as profits to
reinvest occordingly.

These ore the fundamental hygiene factors that determine
why a customer should choose to shop with AO.

We have a market-leading share in MDA and an expanding
non-MDA product range, meaning we serve the widest-
possible customer base, offering great prices whilst
maintaining appropriate levels of margin to meet our
financial targets.

Delivering a seamless shopping experience with trusted
customer service requires a slick, intuitive and engaging
website including inspiring product information with easy-to-
add supporting services and ancillary products.

Bi retail basics - what sets us apart (3

Customers have a choice of payment options, including
finance and credit in partnership with NewDay. Plus, we
make things right if things go wrong.

Vertical integration, including in-house logistics and
recycling capabilities, enable us to offer a complete delivery
and services proposition

This is supported by enhanced customer lifecycle services,
including the promotion of product protection plans, acting
as an agent for Domestic & General.

Over 25 years, we've built trusted partnerships with global
suppliers; we have a deep and broad understanding of their
strategic and operational context, leading to high-quality

SLAs, which meet both our expectations and those of |
our customers.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025 05

MalAsang |

OUDUIAAOD JNO

s}o}QUDUIS NO

g
g
8
Q
3
2
3
8
Q

( uorowosuT Japjoyasous )(

Our ecosystem of expertise and service

Our eco-system is a range of our expertise and services - from across retail
and logistics through to financial services, our very own recycling plant and
our newly acquired recommerce business.

Our customers are at the heart of everything we do and that's why we are constantly evolving our eco-system to meet market

demand and ensure we achieve our mission. It’s not about what we do though ~ it’s about how we do it.

Product - From fridges and freezers, laundry
products and dishwashers, to smart tech,
computing and TV and entertainment. We sell
‘over 9,000 products on our multiple e-commerce
platforms, all at a competitive price.

Content ~ Our multimedia team produce our
in-house diverse content, which includes imagery,
videos, how-to guides and lifestyle, and energy
efficiency ratings.

Tech - Our bespoke shop functionality and pricing
tools enable us to sweep the market several times
a day to keep our prices competitive. Our My
Account functionality enables customers to order,
review and make changes to their orders up to the
day of delivery,

Our Webshop is supported by our contact centre.

Warranty and finance - We work with Domestic

& Ceneral (the UK's leading specialist warranty
provider) to offer our customers a product
protection pian to provide them with the peace

of mind that their new product could be repaired
or replaced if required. On behalf of NewDay, we
promote a range of credit products at competitive
rates, but also use 0% interest free offerings and
buy now pay later for promotional purposes; we
ensure adherence to responsible lending practices
and provide simple and clear finance options for
our customers.

Our in-house logistics network - comprises five
distribution centres, with o total of over 1.4m sqft,
16 delivery depots and around 800 trucks and 300
trailers, we are able to offer nationwide delivery
seven days a week with dynamic timestots and
next day options

Customer's house - our services include the
basics of unpacking and inspecting customers’
products, to complex gas cooking andintegrated
installations - we go the extra mile,

Recycling - Our purpose-built, state-of-the-art
WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment)
‘and plastics recycling facilities in Telford. Our
vertically integrated WEEE recycling facility
recycles well over one million large domestic
appliances annually, with over 40% of these being
recycled by Bertha (our fridge shredding machine},
Plastics from Bertha are refined using our AO
designed plastics recycling plant (with an annual
capacity of 25,000 tonnes), creating high-quality
consistent plastics for reuse in new products and
‘appliances.

Re-commerce - through our reverse supply

chain platform, musicMagpie, we offer customers
options to trade in old tech, whilst also giving
customers the option to buy second life products.
Where it’s possible to do so, we will look to resell any
products scrapped by our customers via our own
third-party outlets, such as elekDirect.

Product +

Warranty and,
finance

Logistics

Customer's
House

Reuse of plastics back into products

Re-commerce,

S

Recycling

06 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Overview

¥

Locations

Strategic Report

vo

| Our Financials

key

9 Offices

9 Warehouses

“Shareholder Information

9 Outbases
@ Recycling Plants

07

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our markets

Inflation, interest rates
and consumer confidence

Impact

Consumers’ spending power is impacted by several macro-economic
factors,

‘The Bank of England bose rate was reduced during FY25 from its
long-term high of 5.25% in April 2024 down to 4.5% (as at March 2025},
Higher rates act to suppress the housing morket os well as impacting
customers’ disposal income.

Despite reduced interest rates, inflation rose from the Bank of
Englands target level of 2% (during summer 2024) to its current 26%
(os at March 2025)? Inflationary pressures from on increase in the
Ofgem price cop, higher food prices and on increase inregulated
water bills are expected to push inflation to a peak of 38% in mid 2025
before falling bock to the 2.0% target from 2026 onwards*

Wage inflation - annual growth in regular earnings -wos 5.9%* for the
period December to February 2025. It is expected that this elevated
wage inflation will be supported by the Notional Minimum Wage
increase from April 2025°. however, uncertainty in the gtobal economy
could lead to increased unemployment levels

Financial pressures on consumers have given rise to anincrease in the
demand for “Buy Now Pay Later” options when making mojor purchases,

Our response

Despite current uncertointy, further reductions in interest rates are
expected, and should see the cost of borrowing and, specifically,
mortgage rates fall, giving rise to buoyancy in the housing market.

GFK’s Consumer Confidence Index® continues to marginally increase,
with current levels ot -19 (March 2025), o two-point improvement

from this time last yeor. Our range of over 9000 products give our
customers choice, so they can get the product they want at the price
point that suits them.

‘The mojority of MDA sales are driven by distressed” purchases thus
providing AO with some resilience to macro-economic factors. Given
expected decrease in interest rates, the medium-term stabilisation
of inflation levels and consumer confidence we would expect to see
discretionary consumer spending supported as o result.

With our own in-house two-person delivery fleet. fuel iso key
component of our gross margin, As such, we have fixed most of our
fuel usage to an agreed fixed price for the financiol year, providing AO
with some short-term stability

We hove offices, warehouses and outbases, which all consume energy
Fixed-price agreements are in place for 90% of usage until October
2026, giving some tonger-term stability to operational costs,

We recognise our employees are the ones who deliver our best-in-
class service and, as such, all eligible AOers received a minimum 2%
increase in basic pay in April 2025's pay review.

AO offers customers access to a range of finance options to help
fund their purchases, whether it be revolving credit or promotional
instalment plans. The revolving credit adjusts rate ond credit line
to the individual customer's profile, ensuring responsible lending
and facilitating those needy purchases in a challenging economic
landscope. AO acts as introducer in the distribution of AO Finonce
through NewDoy, the product being regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority FCA".

+ bankofengland.co.uk/monetary-policy/the-interest-rate-bankrate
2 onsgov.ukleconomyfinftationandpriceindices
3 obruk/efoleconomic-an¢-fiscal-outlook-march-2025)

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Technology andthe
customer journey

Impact.

Reliance on technology for purchasing is increasing, and with over
59%" of the electricals market now transacted online and expected
tokeep growing, retailers must adapt to market demand. Customers.
want a low-touch purchasing journey via apps and mobile browsers.

Customers want to be able to compare products and brands os
well as being able to choose services and delivery slots that meet
their demands.

‘Customers entrust their personal dato. including payment details
with retailers, Increased cybercrime has seen customers demand a
higher level of cybersecurity when transacting online.

There is rising demand for personalised experience and products.
Customers ore moving to subscriptions, membership and
personalisation.

Our response

(Our website ond app are designed tobe simple, easyand
empowering to use, ensuring that customers can shopin the way
thot best suits them. We understand that today’s customers not only
want a hassle-free experience, but also seek to make informed ond
personalised choices.

We simplify the process of finding the right product through intuitive
filters ond popular search terms, as well as providing detailed
information on energy ratings and sustainable products, enabling
our customers to make responsible decisions

Our “My Account” feature offers o personalised experience, allowing
customers to manage their orders effortlessly os well as track
orders,providing peace of mind from purchase to delivery.

With over 9,000 electrical products available on our website, we give
the customer a wide range of choice, by category ond brand. Our
in-house two-person delivery service enables customers to deal with
us directly regarding time slots ond services they require to make the
delivery and instollation of their goods hassle free.

AO continually invests in the online proposition through improved
product visualisation and interactive product information, which
enables a better digital journey for our customers. AO's operational
gearing gives the business the ability to move with consumer
demand with limited investment required

‘AO has invested and continues to invest in leading customer identity

ond access management technology to maintoin the trust of
our customers

« onsgowuk/employmentandlabourmarket/
peopleinwork/employmentandemployeetypesibulletinsy
averageweeklyecrningsingreatbritoinilatest

5 govukinational-minimum-wage-rates

Environment/Net zero

Impact

Thereis on increased requirement for mandatory climote-related
disclosures os recommended by the Task Force on Climate+elated
Financial Disclosures TCFD1. The implementation of IFRS Sand
$2,08 set out by the International Sustainability Stondards Board
(1SSB" ore all clear indications that corporate responsibility for
the environment continues to be a clear directive.

Consumers are becoming increasingly oware of energy costs and
05.0 result are demanding more energy-efficient products. Almost
half of consumers? consider energy efficiency an important
criterion when purchasing o MDA product.

Consumers are increasingly environmentally aware. tin 4°
consumers are prepared to pay more to protect biodiversity or for
sustainable products and packaging,

Our response

We understand the importance of aligning our purpose, volues
and strategy with the needs of our stakeholders to build long-term
value in a sustainable way, We see sustainability as an investment
to stay relevant for customers, suppliers and our people, while
driving down costs ond realising efficiencies in our operations.

‘AQ is dedicated to responsible recycling and reuse. Since the
inception of our in-house recycling plant we have recycled or
reused over 8m products. We continue to invest in our recycling
facility, with the addition of on extruder made in FY25.

With over 800 vehicles on the road 364 days of the year we are
continuously looking at ways to reduce our carbon footprint. in
FY25, we invested in technology to make our routing more efficient,
both reducing our environmental impact and the cost of delivery.
‘Along with our fleet portner, we have launched our new semi
traiters, which give 0 10% increase in capacity per vehicle ond will
enable us to use compressed natural gos ("CNG") across the vost
majority of the trunking fleet by 2030. CNG will become ¢.50% of
‘our core operation fuel usage from October this year. For trailers.
we have 50x Longer-Semi Trailers entering the fleet this summer.
This effectively grows our copacity per trailer by around 5%,

thereby improving our efficiency.

AO's acquisition of musicMagpie during FY25 allows it to
Position itself to top into the burgeoning market for refurbished
electronics, which has goined traction as consumers become
more environmentally conscious and budget-savyy. The rise of

the circular economy emphosises sustainability, and AO'’s move to
integrate musicMagpie aligns with this trend, potentially appealing
toa demographic that values eco-friendly practices.

Our website, with its detailed listing of product details, empowers
the customer to understand the environmental rating of the
product they buy.

§ nielseniq.comiglobayeninews-center/2025/uk-consumer-confidence-up-one-
pointin-marchy

> Mintel, Major Domestic Applionces, UK Report 2022 62%
® Analysis of GFK data for the twelve months to 1 April 2025

Our market
AO's current UK addressable market (which comprises
MDA, SDA, AV, consumer electronics, gaming, mobile
garden and DIY, smart home and personal care) is
£28.2bn"
AO remains a UK market leader in MDA, with 16.0%
market share.

AO addressable market by year"

em

35
se 2 7 Ble
30 =
os = =
24 =
25
By
10
5
°
fy Fig FMS FY20.FYZ1FY22FY23 FZ FY25
Key
@mMpa @ce Osmart Home
@S0A @ Mobile OLifestyle
@PersonalCare  QGoming
@r @ Carden & div

AO FY25 UK
product sales
£967.5m

9 _gfk.com/blog/now-brands-can-hit-the-energy-efficiency-sweet-spot

‘© deloitte com/uklen/pages/consumer-business/articles/sustainable-consumer-
what-consumers-care-abouthtmt

© GFK, gross value, for the twelve months to the 1 April 2025,

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025 og

‘MAIAJOAQ,

oday 216830.9S

fe}
§
oO
2
g
3
a
3
3
8

s}O}9UDUI JNO

UO}JOWOJUT Japjoyss0ys,

Our Brand

10

\ Friday —

| now on!

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2025

t

|

Trust ~ Fuelling our brand strategy

We remain committed to reinforcing our position as the
UKs most trusted electrical retailer. This foundation
drives efficiency, ensures focus and gives consumers
clear reasons to believe in us.

Inaworld full of uncertainty, trust matters more than
ever. That's why our brand purpose is built around being
trusted. With a Trustpilot rating of 4.9 from over 700,000
reviews, our customers don't just have to take our word
for it, they can rely on the voices of countless others
‘across the Uk who already trust AO.

Marketing

Crabbing consumer attention in today's crowded media
landscape means having a voice that's bold, consistent
and unmistakably AO. Our creative is built to stand out:
visually distinctive, emotionally engaging and instantly
recognisable across every channel. From TV to social,
digital to print, we ensure AO shows up with clarity,
confidence and character, wherever our customers are.

Our media strategy continues to evolve, guided by data,
insight and a sharp focus on effectiveness. We prioritise
delivering the right message to the right audience

at the right time, allowing us to build meaningful

reach and frequency at scale. By focusing on high-
impression environments and formats that connect
with audiences at key moments, we're maximising
visibility and strengthening relevance across the entire
customer journey,

We want more customers to choose AO as their first
choice for electricals. To achieve that, we're building
long-term brand fame whilst giving consumers
compelling reasons to consider us in the moments

that matter. At the same time, we continue to improve
the efficiency of our media buying by selecting the

most effective channels to drive results. Striking the
right balance between brand building and short-term
performance remains central to our approach, ensuring
every campaign not only reaches more people, but also
drives action and long-term loyalty.

Our strategy is designed to attract new customers
while also strengthening loyalty and advocacy from
our existing base. One standout initiative has been the
launch of AO at Home, our printed magazine delivered
to households across the country, which has been
created to tell great stories about our products.

The magazine, long term, has the aim of increasing
category awareness and improving repeat purchases.

@

The delivery guys were prompt calling
me with information and delivered the
goods and magazine and teddies wow!
What a great company.”

Jeannie