CJ©)

Tine UKs
Blactriecl]

GLOWS
Ap nualiRepo ton fAccoupisy023)

Companiestousemumberm05525751)

Contents

Strategic Report.
Performance

Investment case

We make
customers’
lives easier by

Chair's statement

Our markets
How we create value
What matters to us
- Our brand
~ Our customer focus

-Our culture
-Our values

- Our technology e

~ Our suppliers 22

Swen  % | helping them
Our strategy 26

Chief Executive Officer's strategic review 28
Chief Financial Officer's review

Our risks

brilliantly.

Engaging with our stakeholders.

Sustoinability 50
Our approach to materiality 50
Our ESC strategy 51
Sustainable living 52
Recycling 54
Task force on climate-related

financial disclosures {"TCFO") 60
Fair, equal and responsible 68

Fit for the future

Our Governance
Chair's tetter and introduction

First impressions

Board of Directors 84

(orporate Covernance Repor 86
nomnoton Comme Report 2s | We're the UK’s most trusted
ouectov'remunernentecor —ovoe._—«|:«C@LECtricals retailer
ae 150 What started as a £1 bet in 1999

ur Financials
Independent Aucitor’s Report 138 became AO, the Uk’s most trusted

Consolidated income statement . . .
major electricals retailer.

We sell over 6,000 different products on ao.com from
major domestic appliances, small domestic appliances,
audiovisual equipment, computing, mobile, gaming to
smart home technology.

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income 148

Consolidated statement
of financial position 149

Consolidated statement
of changesin equity 150

Consolidated statement of cash flows

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

With over 400,000 Trustpilot reviews, we're the most
trusted major electricals retailer in the UK. Millions of
happy customers choose AO because we're able to
deliver at speed with our tried-and-tested logistics
network as well as offering installation, industry-leading
recycling, finance and insurance - all underpinned by
service that’s magic in the moments that matter.

Company statement of
financial position 183

Company statement of
changesin equity 184

Notes to the Company
financial statements

Important information

Glossary

Our missionis 2
to become the
destination for
electricals

T

A strategy focused
on five cruciat pillars

Led by our 4
making custom

lives easier by h
them brilliantly ag

3

Living our values: °4
ensuring we don’t
only make’ our mums
proud, but make-our
grandchildren and

future generations We

proud too by being
a responsible retailer he

iam

of
Ann
ed

AO World B i and Accounts

Performance

Key Performance Indicators’

Group revenue Group Adjusted Cash flow? (£m)
(£m) EBITDA?(£m)

FYI9 FY20 FY2) FY22 FY23 FYI9 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FYI9 FY20 FYI FY22 FY23

Operational highlights

* AO remains a UK market leader in MDA with a * Inthe year, we simplified the Uk operations and
16% market share and 30% overall online share focused on more profitable lines of business

* Over 800,000 new customers‘ experienced * Over six million large appliances have now
the AO Way, with on increase in the repeat been given new life or recycled at our AO
customer purchase rates Recycling facility and we continue working with

* Customer satisfaction scores remain manufacturers to use our recycled plastic in
outstanding, with Net Promoter Scores® new products
averaging c.85 and over 400,000 Trustpilot * The Germany operation was closed quickly
reviews averaging 4.6 out of 5 stars ‘and efficiently with minimal cash impoct

‘a

02 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2023

£8m

(FY22: £11m loss)

£4m

(FY22:£33m
net debt)

Cumulative UK Customers? (‘000)

12000

10,000

8,000

6000

4000

2.000

Pra FYIS FIG FYI FYIB FYI9 FY20 FYZI

» Unless otherwise stated all numbers,
including any restated comparatives,
relate to the continuing operations of the
Croup and therefore exclude the impact
of Germany, Refer to Note 35 on poge 181
for further details.

2 Adjusted EBITDAis defined as profiti(loss)
before tox, depreciation, amortisation,
net finance costs, profit/loss on disposal
of fixed assets and other adjusting items
(including restructuring costs)

3 Net (decreaseljincrease in cash,

UK NPS®

85

(FY22: 86)

UK Trustpilot

average
rating

4.6/5

(FY22:4.6/5)

Fy22 FY23

Acustomer is defined as an individuat
customer who hos purchased through us
via aocom in the UK.

NPSis on industry measure of customer
loyalty and satisfaction; NPS is based ona
turnover weighted average of aocomand
MPO, adjusted for responses.

Net fundsis defined as cash less
borrowings less owned asset lease
liabilities but excluding right-of-use asset
lease liabilities. Net fundsidebt atso
includes ony cash overdrafts and owned
‘asset lease liobilities in Germany.

Strategic Report

Aleaner, simpler, more
efficient business.”

@ Read the Chair's statement
on pages 06 to 07

@

Driving forward our more
efficient model centred around
trust and excellence.”

“® send the Chief executive's review
on pages 28 to 29

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2023 03

The cestinat!
alectricals

The electricals market
has grown 19% over the
last ten years, and moved
i increasingly online over
this period.

Tina clastinatia
| Shop ck clacom,

othe tast year, w

Garena
charietelt aK

The destination of choice for
digital electrical retailing

We are a digital retailer of electricals
with a leading market share in major
domestic appliances ("MDA") anda
growth opportunity with the capability
to grow market share in small domestic
appliances ("SDA"), computing,
consumer electronics and mobile, We
are a natural market disrupter with an
ambitious mindset, underpinned by
strong partner relations and efficient
logistics operations.

Long-term partner
relationships

Our relationships with manufacturers
span the full range of internationally
recognised household names who

rely on us to create a quality digital
experience for their products and our
customers. We collaborate with them
to ensure that our customers have the
widest choice of products to meet their
specific needs at attractive pricing
levels, Manufacturers also collaborate
to help formulate our 828 offering and
support our sustainability initiatives,
working with us to research ways of
reusing high engineered plastic parts in
new build modets.

We work with a valued network of
suppliers, from small tocal firms to large
international businesses including
mobile network providers, delivery firms
and financial services providers that
underwrite our product protection and
consumer credit plans. These partners
help ensure that our customers have
the best possible experience from
the start of their purchase journey
to recycling of their old products
at our own recycling site.

Acompelling customer
offering is at the heart

of our strategy

We focus on being brilliant for our
customers, and our teams care
passionately about keeping our
customers happy. We make it easy

for customers to buy what they need,
when they need it, with comprehensive
product information, next day delivery
andinstatlation, competitive pricing
and recycling. Our focus on creating
an exceptional customer experience
is the basis of our long-term market
leadership strategy. We empower our
people to make the right decisions, not
necessarily the easy ones, to deliver for
our customers and partners.

Supporting sustainability
to create a better world

Our culture to always do the right
thing, our customers’ concerns
about sustainability and changing
government regulation, means that
sustainability is at the heart of our
corporate culture and strategy. We
manage our own high-quality recycling
services for both our own operations
as wellas for third-party customers,
handling packaging waste, waste
electricals and electronic equipment
(‘WEEE” plastics and metals.

Strategic Report

Efficient, scalable
business model

We operate a centralised and verticatly
integrated model where experts in our
disciplines create best practice solutions
‘and drive innovation efficiently and
consistently across our businesses. This
operating model enables us to gain
maximum operational gearing at the
lowest cost per sale. It also guarantees
aconsistently high-quality customer
experience across our businesses.

Our amazing culture

Our excellent 4.6 star Trustpilot rating
and world-class net promoter scores
make us the UK's most trusted electricat
retailer and the result of our enthusiastic
and dedicated AOers. Our people

are at the heart of our strategy, and

we inspire them to be innovative and
bold in delivering for our customers.

We encourage collaboration and
innovation across our businesses and
motivate them to work at AO speed to
deliver today rather than tomorrow. This
entrepreneurial spirit of developing new
opportunities and relentlessly striving to
do better is at the heart of our corporate
culture and helps us keep growing and
adapting to changes in our fast-moving
markets. It is the combination of all these
factors and the alignment of our people
to our purpose, values, business strotegy
and priorities that creates our AO culture
supporting our continued growth.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts2023 5

Chair's statement

A leaner, simpler, more efficient
business, focused on profit and
cash generation and most trusted
by customers.”

Rebuilding for profitable growth

UK consumers and companies, including retailers,
have suffered the economic aftermath of three
major shocks in a very short period - Brexit, the
Covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine. For many
retailers, the last 18 months have been challenging
as consumers have grappled with the resulting cost
of living crisis. Inflation in energy costs, food prices
and wages together with renewed industrial unrest
in many sectors have dominated the headlines. AO
has been affected by these pressures, yet, looking
back on the financial year, we have done what

we always do - focus on our core strengths and
continue serving our customers, suppliers and
other stakeholders.

The early part of the year centred around our
strategic review of Germany, with the decision taken
ultimately to close our operations there to protect
shareholder value. We commenced an orderly
closure back in July 2022 and I'm pleased that it hos
gone as well as we could have hoped, with a minimal
cash cost to the Group over the year and all matters
now materially wrapped up. We sincerely thank all
‘our employees in Germany who worked so hard to
build that business and who have helped progress
the closure, as difficult as that may have been.

With our business now focused solely on the UK

and with external macroeconomic pressures, it was
necessary to put the business ona sounder financial
footing. A capital raise was completed in July 2022
realising gross proceeds of c.£41m. We have also
recently renewed our revolving credit facility which
will support our working capital cycles to April 2026.

Our pivot in strategy to the UK has been well
executed and well documented in our trading
updates over the year. We are now a leaner, simpler,
more efficient business, with a clear focus on profit
and cash generation. Financial performance has
been driven by (1)improvements in gross margin;

(2) simplifying and/or cutting lines of business that

A remarkable year,
as we transform the
business to strong
profitable growth.

O6 = AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2023

do not fit our core model or are otherwise unduly
complex and (3) rationalising our infrastructure and
reducing our headcount and cost base to better

fit the business that we are today. As we progress
into FY24 our run-rate profitability looks strong
swe start to annualise the improvements and
efficiencies made in the second half of the year.

Operational performance has also been pleasing.
We have progressed a number of projects to improve
customer proposition and to position ourselves as
the Uk's most trusted electrical retailer. Despite
changes to our charging policies to offset some
inflationary pressures, our customer satisfaction
results remain strong. We have over 400,000
Trustpilot reviews averaging 4.6 out of 5 stars, over
800,000 new customers experienced the AO Way
during the year and our customer NPS results, at
¢.85 on average, remain market leading. We remain
UK morket leader in MDA with a 16% overall market
share and a 30% online share and are pleased at
the resilience of our sales in this category.

Over six million large appliances have now been
given new life or recycled at our AO Recycling
facility and following our first full year of operations
at our plastics plant, we have confidence in the
production and quality of our recycled plastics. We
are establishing strong relationships with clients

to supply them our plastics and are pleased that
the Volution Group fan which is made from our
recycled plastics won recycled product of the year
‘at the Awards in Excellence in Recycling and Waste
Management 2023.

Naturally we've had to prioritise some things over
others during the year and the timescales for our
more ambitious plans to transform our technology
systems, grow our creative media hub ond progress
certain ESG initiatives have necessarily been
extended. Nonetheless, |am pleased by the steady
improvements we have made in critical areas such
as information security and delivery routing. In the
medium term we will continue to make progress in
all priorities.

Culture and people

FY23 has been a challenging time for some of

our cotleagues with employees impacted by role
reductions as we reduced overheads. This drove
concerns on job security which impacted employee
engagement, with morale being further affected

by the cost of tiving crisis. Our retail team has
historically been laser-focused on driving top line
growth and the pivot to profitability, with the change
in emphasis that entails, has naturally been difficult
for some team members to adjust to. As we move
into FY24 on a sound financial footing and with
clarity on our strategy and our high-performance
culture, we are now starting to benefit from cohesion
across the business following the introduction of

our “work from work” strategy. The clear direction

onculture hos driven some changes in personnel
but we are all collaborating in the way we did pre-
Covid, with a renewed energy and ambition and!
believe this will be a significant driver of improved
performance over the coming years.

The restructured VCP, approved by shareholders
‘ct our 2022 AGM, is helping to galvanise our

people to deliver exceptional vatue creation and
I've been pleased with the way the Executives have
rolled this out to the teams and are using it to really
Grive performance.

Board

During the year, Peter Pritchard and Sarah Venning
were appointed as Non-Executive Directors, to
enhance the skill set of the Board. Both Peter and
Saroh have significant and relevant experience
which deepens the Board's existing skills and
knowledge. They have already made a substantial
impact to the work of the Board and its Committees
and | was pleased to note that through their fresh
eyes on the business there is much to celebrate at
AO and the culture of obsessing about the customer
isunwovering, See their first impressions at page 82.

Having served as a Non-Executive Director for over
nine years, Marisa Cassoni has decided to retire and
will not be standing for re-election at the Company's
forthcoming ACM. | wish Marisa well for the future and
thank her for her significant contribution during her
time with the Company, particularly for her influence
as Chair of the Audit Committee and as a member of
the Remuneration and Nomination Committees.

Overall, it has been a difficult yet remarkable

year and Iwant to give thanks to the Board, our
Executives and all our people for their support, hard
work, grit and determination in setting AO up for its
next stage of top-line growth in the medium term
and with renewed purpose. | look forward to FY24
confident in our ability to deliver on our 5% EBITDA
ambition in the short term and returning to top line
growth in the medium term. Our strategy now is to
invest prudently in the business, seize the significant
market opportunities that we see in front of us,
leveraging our growing and loyal customer base.
There are exciting times ahead.

Geoff Cooper
Chair

4 July 2023

Strategic Report

@

Read more about
customer focus on
poges14and15

@

Read more about
our suppliers on
poges 22nd 23

AO World PLC AnnualReport and Accounts2023. -Q7

Our markets

Macroeconomic factors

The first half of the year saw the consequences of
the ongoing Russia/Ukraine conflict impact gross
margin. The increasing cost of raw materials saw
the price of goods increase and the cost of delivery
impacted as a result of fuel prices. The Commodity
Metals Price Index' peaked in March 2022 and has
since reduced, however, still remains high compared
to the previous 5 year period. The Commodity

Fuel Index peaked significantly in June 2022, and
has since reduced from this peak by 40%! as at
March 2023.

‘energy prices had been expected to increase by
80% in October 2022, however, the energy price
guarantee limited this increase to 27%”. The British
Government extended the energy price cap, set at
£2,500 until April 2023, with the expected increase
to £3,000 for typical consumption now delayed
until July 20232. The fixed price electricity and fuel
contracts which the Group has secured for the
majority of FY24 will, however, provide AO with some
short-term stability,

High fuel and energy prices are driving UK inflation,
which hit a 20-year high in October 2022 where it
peaked at 9,6% (CPIH Index}®. Inflationary pressures
on fuel, food and electricity prices are expected

to continue during 2023 and the Bank of England
suggests inflation should stabilise, particularly with
the recent increases in the Bank of England base
rate. The Base Rate increased 0.5% to 5% in May
2023 and inflation reduced month on month by
LAppt to 87%! in the 12 months to April 2023.

GfK’s long-running Consumer Confidence Index
increased for the third month in a row to -30 in April
2023%, up 19 points from the record lowin September
2022, This is positive news and is indicative of green
shoots in terms of consumer finances after the
recent tough economic conditions.

From April 2023, Corporation tox rates have
increased to 25% {from 19%). There was no
significant change in personal tox, however, the
freezing of personal allowances coupled with
inflation will act to weaken consumer spending,

The ONS quotes® that the growth in employees’
average total pay (including bonuses) was 5.9%

‘and growth in regular pay (excluding bonuses)

was 6.6% in December 2022 to February 2023.
Growth in total and regular pay fell in real terms
(adjusted for inflation) in the year December 2022 to
February 2023, by 30% for total pay and 2.3% for
regular pay.

The majority of MDA sales are driven by distressed
purchases’ thus providing AO with some resilience
to macroeconomic impacts. Given the movement in
consumer confidence, a healthy labour market and
inflation forecast to fall sharply to 5%‘ by the end
of the year giving a real wages increase, we would
expect to start to see an upturnin discretionary
consumer spending.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2023

With borrowing more expensive as a result of
interest rates rising, homeowners outside of fixed
rate mortgages will see monthly costs increasing
‘and purchasing products on finance will become
more expensive, which may impact spend on big
ticket items. Civen this trend, AO is positioned well
for the expected increase in customers using “Buy
‘Now Pay Later” (BNPL) providers. At AO, customers
have access to a range of finance options to help
fund their purchases, whether it be revolving credit
or promotional instalment plans. The revolving
credit adjusts rate and credit line to the individual
customer's, profile, ensuring responsible lending and
facilitating those needed purchases in a challenging
economic landscape. AO acts as Introducer in the
distribution of AO Finance through NewDay, the
product being regulated by the Financial Conduct
Authority ("FCA’).

Despite the above factors, April 2023's Major
Purchase Index ("MPI") increased by 5 points to

-28°. The MPlis based on the following question

to consumers: “In view of the general economic
situation, do you think nowis the right time for
people to make major purchases such os furniture
or electrical goods”. The April 2023 improvement
‘and the consistent improvement over the last three
months would suggest that household finances are
slowly strengthening.

Macroeconomic section sources:

1. indexmundi.com/commodities.

2. https://commonstibrary.parliament.uk/research-
briefings/cbp-9491/.

3. https://wwwonsgov.uk/economy/
inflotionandpriceindices/bulletins/
consumerpriceinflation/october2022

4. https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/explainers/will-
inflation-in-the-uk-keep-rising.

5, Asall measures jump, are we seeing early signs of
recovery? (GFK.com): https://www.gfk.com/press/
UkKConsumer-confidence-up-six-points-in-Aprit

6. https:/jwwwons.gov.uk/
employmentandtabourmarket/peopleinwork/
employmentandemployeetypes/bulletins/
averageweeklyearningsingreatbritain/
april2023#:~:text=Using%20CPI%20real%20
earnings%2C%20iNn,by%203.4%25%200N%20
the%20yeor.

7. Mintel, Major Domestic Apppliances, UK report
2022, 62%.

8, https://wwwgfk.com/press/UK-
Consumerconfidence-up-six-points-in-April

Our markets
With the closure of Germany, the business has a
laser focus on the Uk electricals market.

As at 31 March 2023, the Uk B2C electricals! market
was worth £30bn?, a decrease of 2.9%? year on year.
Although the market declined year on year, SDA
and mobile categories continued to see growth at
11%? and 3%? respectively

AO's current UK addressable market (which
comprises MDA, SDA, AV, consumer electronics,
gaming, mobile; garden and DIY, smart home and
personal care) is £27.6bn,?a decline year on year
of 3%. Since our IPO in 2014, the UK addressable
market has increased 21% given our expansion into
new categories (and growth in MDA), representing a
21% compound annual growth rate.

AO remains a UK market leader in MDA, with a 16%*
market share, and a 30%‘ overall online share.

Online continues to present an opportunity for
growth for the market. With 57% ¢ of the total
electricals market transacted online and with
forecasts of online penetration to increase

from 20235, AO is perfectly placed to grow its
market share. AO continually invests in the online
proposition through improved product visualisation
and interactive product information, which enables
a better digital journey for our customers. AC's
operational gearing gives the business the ability
to move with this expected growth with limited
investment required

Category opportunity
Being the destination for electricals means having
an expansive, curated range of products across all
electrical categories, to serve our customers’ needs.
AO's strategic pivot to profit in FY23 has seen.a small
number of non-profitable products from our range
removed in the short term until we reorganise to make
them profitable. With over 60003 products available
to buy from our website, we continue to review and
develop ranges, improve availability, and expand into
new subcategories to meet our customers’ needs
with the latest products and trends. We will do this
with a continued laser focus on profit and cash.
Our markets sources:
1. Electricals is defined by CfkK as MDA, SDA,
AV, consumer electronics, garden, DIY, baby,
cookware, office equipment, lifestyle, mobile,
smart home, and personat care.
2. Cfk, gross value, for the 12 months to 1 April 2023.
Company dato, gross value.
3. Company data, net value.
4, Analysis of GfK data from12monthsto1
April 2023,
5. Clobal data - Uk Electricals 2021-2026: https://
wwwglobaldata.com/store/report/uk-electricals-
market-analysis/

Strategic Report

AO addressable market growth by year?

em
3s
30
2s

6

ms Fn? FYB ops FD FY FRR RS

@ce @cordena oy

@coming ‘Smart Home

@Moviie @Personai care

AO FY23UK
product sales
£1,049.8m"

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2023 o9