AO World PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2024
Company number: 05525751

|

A

Tl

1C3A049*

21/09/2024 #244
COMPANIES HOUSE

TM

SATURDAY

AO World PLC

Registered Office: AO, Sa The Parklands, Lostock, Botton, BLE 4SD
Registered in England and Wales with registered number 05525751
VAT Registration Number CB 945698169

eile)

UK's most trusted
electrical retailer

What started as
a £1 betin1999

became AO, the Uk’s
most trusted major
electrical retailer

with over 500,000
Trustpilot reviews
rating us 4.8/5.

Contents
Strategic Report
Hightights 02
Investment case 04
Chair's statement 06
Our markets os
How we create value 10
What matters to us 2
-Our culture “4
- Our values 16
-Our brand 18
- Our customer focus 20
- Our technology 22
- Our eco-system of expertise and
services 24
Our strategy 26
Chief Executive Officer's strategic
review 28
Chief Financiat Officer's review 30
Our risks 40
Section 172 Statement and engaging
with our stakeholders 50
Section 172 Statement 52
Sustainability 54

We sell over 7,000 different products on
ao.com from major domestic appliances,
small domestic appliances, audio visual
equipment, computing, mobile, gaming
to smart home technology.

Millions of happy customers choose AO
because we're able to deliver quickly with
our tried-and-tested logistics network
as well as offering installation, industry-
leading recycling, finance and insurance
- allunderpinned by our trusted service
that’s magic in the moments that matter.

Our Financials

Our ESC strategy 55
Independent Auditor's Report

Sustainable living 56 .

i ge Consdlidatedincome statement
Re cling

eeyeing 7 Consolidated statement of

Supporting the transition toa Comprehensive income
low-carbon economy 60

Consolidated statement

Task force on climate-related of financial position

financial disclosures ("TCFO") 62
Consolidated statement

Climate-related risks and of changes in equity

opportunities £4 Consolidoted statement of cash
Fair, equal and responsible 72 tows

Our Governance Notes to the consolidated
Governance at « glance 84 financial statements

Chair's letter and introduction 86 — Company statement of

Board of Directors 88 _ financial position

Corporate Governance Report 90 Company statement of
Nomination Committee Report 9g Chongesinequity

Audit Committee Report yo2 —_ Notestothe Company

financial statements
Directors'RemunerotionReport 108

Directors'Report 129
Stotement of Directors’
responsibilities in respect

of the Annual Report and

the financial statements 133

Important information
Glossary

136
145

146

147

148

149

150

78

180

181
187

g
q
8
&
3
2
3
3
8

BOUDUIAACD JNO.

s]O}oUDUI4 INO.

Our mission is to become the

destination for electricals 5
2
Q
Living our values: Hf
? ensuring we don’t s
only make our mums 3
proud, but make our 3
1 Led by our purpose: grandchildren and 2
making customers’ future generations °
A strategy focused lives easier by helping proud too by being a
on five crucial pillars them brilliantly responsible retailer

Go __»5 Q
VJ ZZ

RO Won Een GLO CRS NOME ECENT COUNTS Og

Highlights

02

Geoff Cooper
Chair

(Tj
“ A leaner, simpler,
more efficient
business.”

@ Readthe Chair's statement
‘on pages6 and 7

John Roberts
Chief Executive

és

“Driving forward
our more efficient
model centred
around trust and
excellence.”

Bl Read the CEO scarement
on pages 28 to 30

Who do customers trust?
@ tTrustpilot ratings'

Excellent
Rating 4.8/5

532,308

FY23: 394,144

48&5-Stars

1,2 &3-Stars
Gmc’

Cumulative Customers? (’000s)

14,000
12,000

10,000

. ei

FY4 FS) FIG. «FYV7, FYB. sFYIS.s-FY20. «FYZ1FY22~FY23——FY24.

“lcan always trust AO to get my new devices to me
in good time and good condition.”
Jessica, AO Customer

6)

“AO offers a broader variety of electrical goods
than most of its UK competitors, and the coffee
maker | ordered is ideal. It was delivered within 2
days, as specified on the order and the delivery
service was exemplary. | have ordered products
from them many times over the years, and the
service has always been excellent.”

Mike, AO Customer

We're the most trusted electrical retai

1 Trustpilot scores sourced from their website, FY24: April 2024, FY23: March 2023.

2 Acustomeris defined as an individual customer who has purchased through us vio ae.com

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Financial KPls'

Group revenue (£m)

FY20 FY2) FY22 FY23 FY24

1435

use
1039

Operational highlights:

* Strategic pivot to focus on profit and cash
generation successfully delivered, with continued
focus on driving efficiencies and controlling
overheads.

* AO remains a UK market leader in Major Domestic
Appliances ("MDA") with a 15% total market share.

* Over 600,000 new customers experienced the AO
Way during the year, with repeat customers (who
accounted for 54% of all customers) taking an
increasing share of overall business.

* Customer satisfaction scores remain best in class,

with over 500,000 Trustpilot ratings, averaging an

“Excellent” 4.8/5 stars - as we continue to be the UK's

most trusted electrical retailer.

Group Adjusted PBT? (£m)

FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24

Cash flow? (£m)

60.2

20

103)

220)

676)
FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24

* Despite the difficult loss-making trading
experienced in our mobile business in the year, we
look forward to FY25. We have strengthened our
position in the mobile market with the acquisition of
affordablemobiles.co.uk and buymobiles.net, giving
us additional sale channels from which to grow our
mobile business, in a challenging market.

* Recycied or refurbished our seven miltionth
appliance at our AO Recycling facility and
continuing to work with third parties to use our
recycled plastic in new products.

+ Unless otherwise stated, all numbers including any restated comparatives, relate to the continuing operations of the Group and
therefore excludes the impact of Germany, Refer to Note 35 on page 178. Reconciliation of alternative performance measures and the
chonge from the prior year con be foundin the Chief Financial Offiicers Review on pages 32-39,

2 Adjusted PBTis defined os a profititloss) before tox, adjusted for any non-recurring items as defined by the Board.

3 Net increase/idecrease)in cash.

« Net funds is defined os cosh less borrowings, less owned asset lease liabilities but excluding right-of-use asset lease liabilities. Net funds.
also includes any cash overdrafts and owned asset lease liabilities in Germany.

Adj. profit
before tax:

£34.3m

(FY23: £12m)

£34.4m

(FY23: £3.6m)

66

“AO is the difference
between doing a job

and caring enough to
go the extra yard.”

Ross , AO Customer

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

03

Ma2!A2AQ,

BoUDUaA INO uoday o\6ar0s

sjo1oubUI4 ino.

Uo AOUOJUT JapjoyazoUS

Investment case

The destination

The electricals market
has grown 14%! over the
last ten years, and moved
increasingly online over

1 this period.

Agone of the market leaders in digital retailing
of electricals, we are focused on cementing this
change in consumer habits to ensure that AO is
the destination of choice in electrical retailing

Through the AO Way, we leverage our expertise
to deliver a seamless and compelling customer
offer. Our scale, supplier relationships, customer
focus and market expertise have resulted in
consistently high customer satisfaction ratings.

Our strong profitability and solid UK
market positions underpin our long-term
investment cose.

‘Analysis of Gfk data for the ten years ended 31
March 2024

The destination of

choice for digital
electrical retailing

We are a digital retailer of
electricals with a leading

market share in major domestic
appliances ("MDA") and a growth
opportunity with the capobility
to grow market share in small
domestic appliances ("SDA"),
computing, consumer electronics
and mobile. We are a natural
market disrupter with an ambitious
mindset, underpinned by strong
partner relations and efficient
logistics operations.

Long-term partner
relationships

Our relationships with
manufacturers span the full range
of internationally recognised
household names who rely on
usto create o quality digital
experience for their products and
‘our customers. We collaborate
with them to ensure that our
customers have the widest choice
of products to meet their specific
needs at attractive pricing levels.
Manufacturers also collaborate
to help formulate our 828 offering
and support our sustainability
initiatives, working with us to
research woys of reusing high
engineered plastic parts innew
build models.

We work with a valued network of
suppliers, from small local firms
to large international businesses
including mobite network providers,
delivery firms and financial
services providers that underwrite
‘our product protection and
consumer credit plans. These
partners help ensure that our
customers have the best possible
experience from the start of their
purchase journey to recycling

of their old products at our own
recycling site.

Acompelling customer
offering is at the heart

of our strategy

We focus on being brilliant for our
customers, and our teams care
passionately about keeping our
customers happy. We make it
easy for customers to buy what
they need, when they need it,

with comprehensive product
information, next day delivery
andinstallation, competitive
pricing and recyeling. Our focus on
creating an exceptional customer
experience is the basis of our long-
term market leadership strategy.
We empower our people to make
the right decisions, not necessarily
the easy ones, to deliver for our
customers and partners.

Supporting sustainability
to create a better world

Our culture to always do the right
thing, our customers’ concerns
about sustainability and changing
government regulation, means
that sustainability is at the heart
of our corporate culture and
strategy. We manage our own
high-quolity recycling services for
both our own operations as well as
for third-party customers, handling
packaging waste, waste electricals
and electronic equipment ("WEEE")
plastics and metals.

@

“From order to

delivery a positive
experience.”
Louise

Efficient, scalable
business model

We operate a centralised and
vertically integrated model where
experts in our disciplines create
best practice solutions and

drive innovation efficiently and
consistently across our businesses.
This operating model enables us
to gain maximum operational
gearing at the lowest cost per sale.
Italso guarantees a consistently
high-quality customer experience
across our businesses.

Our amazing culture

Our excellent 4.8 star Trustpilot
rating makes us the Uk’s most
trusted major electrical retailer;
this doesn't happen by accident,
it's the result of our enthusiastic
ond dedicated AOers. Our

people are at the heart of our
strategy, and we inspire them

to be innovative and bold in
delivering for our customers.

We encourage collaboration

‘and innovation across our
businesses and motivate them
towork at AO speed to deliver
today rather than tomorrow. This
entrepreneurial spirit of developing
new opportunities and relentlessly
striving to do better is at the heart
of our corporate culture and helps
us keep growing and adapting

to changes in our fast-moving
markets. It is the combination of all
these factors and the alignment of
our people to our purpose, values,
business strategy and priorities
that creates our AO culture
supporting our continued growth.

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

M2!AJ2NO.

aoupusanon sno odey oBaro.ns

}QUDU! 4 JNO

Uo!yDUWJOyUT JapjoyasoUSs

Chair's statement

Strong
performance al d
solid foundations
for growth

1am pleased to report ona year of strong
performance by AO with the Group achieving
outstanding profits and finishing with an improved
balance sheet, despite the generally challenging
market conditions and reduced consumer
spending.

Our strategic pivot has been well executed by our
management team and financial performance

has been driven by (1) the relentless focus on

our cost base and reduction of waste, (2) driving
operational excellence and leveraging the benefits
of being vertically integrated and (3) our unwavering
obsession with customer satisfaction

Through our focus on retail fundamentals of price,
availability and delivery execution, customer
satisfaction remains market-leading and we are
pleased to have maintained exceptional customer
NPS and Trustpilot scores. AO.com achieved the
6s significant milestone of half a million Trustpilot
reviews and a 48 overall rating, maintaining our
position as the UK's most trusted electrical retailer.
Brand awareness continues to improve but remains

“Through our focus on retail
fundamentals of price, assignificant opportunity
availability and delivery

execution, customer 180% YOY, with revenue in line with our expectations
satisfaction remains at £1.04bn, down c.9% YOY. We have seen a £30m

We delivered outstanding PBT of £34m, up over

7 . A improvement in net funds YOY and ended the year
market leading, which with net funds ona pre IFRS16 basis of c.£4m.We
is reflected in our strong have also recently renewed our Revolving Credit
financial performance Facility which will support our working capital

” cycles to April 2027. We are now turning our focus
over the yea to profitable growth and further strengthening the
business. We ended FY24, with AG.com returning

Geoff Cooper lo revenue growth in the final quarter and we are

Chair investing in ways to ensure customers repeat
purchase whilst attracting new customers to
experience the AO Way

06 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

This strong performance was delivered despite
a particularly challenging year for the mobile
phone market, with soft consumer demand placing
Pressure on our volume commitments to the
networks and reducing profits from this market
compared with our expectations. However, we have
strengthened our mobile business during the year
with the acquisition of intellectual property rights
in ond to the websites www.offordablemobiles.
co.uk and www.buymobiles.net which give us
additional sates channels, and we are working with
the networks to agree more mutually beneficial
terms which we expect to deliver returns in the
years ahead.

We are investing in our people through pay
increases (with some mid-year pay increases to our
lower paid people and above inflation raises across
the board in our recent annual pay review). We
continue to invest in our systems; beginning some
of the IT transformation work that we had to pause
over the last couple of years and invest further in
sustainability initiatives including an extruder to
further the refinement of plastics recycling at our
facilities in Telford.

Culture and people

We regard our internal culture as a fundamental
driver of our success, and invest accordingly to
nurture it. As part of our pivot to profit, actions to
reduce costs and improve efficiency necessarily
impacted our people. This compounded the
degradation we had experienced in our culture
during the remote working covid period, It has been
akey priority over the year to help AOers come

to terms with, understand, and appreciate the
transformative changes we have made over the
past 12-24 months. With listening groups and action
groups addressing local issues at a granular level in

each part of the Group, we have ensured employees

‘appreciate that they have been listened to and
involved in restoring our cultural strength. Key

initiatives such as addressing pay challenges for our

lower paid colleagues, investing in better car

parking for all and improving the office environment (iz)
and tools have all been welcomed. These actions

Read more about
have resulted in an average employee NPS score customer focus
of 17 for the year which is a marked improvement ‘onpage 20

onlast year and indicates that our culture is firmly
back on track. We are working together cohesively,
collaborating better than ever before with renewed
determination and o winning ambition.

Board

Having served as a Non-Executive Director for over
nine years, Marisa Cassoni retired in September
‘and we thank her for her significant contribution
during her time with the Company, particularly for
the skills and experience deployed as Chair of the
Audit Committee. Appointed at IPO, Marisa was
instrumental in helping the business transform its
processes, procedures and controls from a private
to a quoted company environment and did an
excellent job in this. Mariso’s retirement required
some changes to Committee leadership and
membership and we were pleased to appoint Shaun
McCabe to chair the Audit Committee and Peter
Pritchard to chair the Remuneration Committee.
I'm pleased to confirm that both have settled

into their roles and are performing well. Through
‘our evaluation of the Board andits committees
Jam confident that our ways of working are very
effective and there is appropriate expertise around
the table to effectively support and challenge our
leadership team. For the year ahead our board-
specific objectives will focus on the skills required
to deliver our longer-term strategy, succession
planning and ensuring we have the right level of
diversity of thought.

Iwould like to give thanks to the Board, our
Executives and all our people for their hard work
and dedication throughout the year.

Looking forward there are macroeconomic
challenges ahead with continuing geopolitical
uncertainty and political uncertainty in the UK,

Our objectives, however, remain unchanged and we
are confident in our ability to deliver on our ambition
of double-digit revenue growth in the year ahead
and maintain the medium-term profit guidance of
adjusted PBT margin of 5%.

Geoff Cooper
Chair

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

07

qoday 21683035 M2!As2AO

SS | | | en)

@9UDUJAAOD INO

S|D}OUDULJ NO.

YoRDWJOJUT Japjoyas04s

Our markets

isesteospurenoses Tue
ia ve

fies

cere: : iat gala

Seto reacee Laake
eos re ts H wee ig) fe Sy act eon ne ia:
Seen lee sakes eos
o

08 AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Environment / Net Zero

Impact:

There is anincreased requirement for mandatory
climote-related disclosures as recommended by the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(‘TCFO") The pending implementation of IFRS Sl and
$208 set out by the International Sustainability
Standards Board ("ISS") are all clear indications thot
corporate responsibility for the environment continues
tobeacleor directive.

Consumers are becoming increasingly aware of
energy costs and as a result are demanding more
energy-efficient products. Almost half of consumers?
consider energy efficiency an Important criterion when
purchasing o MOA,

Consumers are increasingly environmentally aware
1in 4® consumers ore prepared to pay more to protect

biodiversity or for sustainable products and packaging.

Our response:
We understand the importance of aligning our purpose,

values and strategy with the needs of our stakeholders
to build long-term value in a sustainable way. We see
sustainability as an investment to stay relevant for
customers, suppliers ond our people, while driving down
costs and realising efficiencies in our operations.

AO is dedicoted to responsible recycling ond reuse.
Since the inception of our in-house recycling plant we
have recycled or reused over 7m products, We continue
toinvest inour recycling facility, with the addition of an
extruder plonned for FY25.

With over 800 vehicles on the rood 364 days of the
1 we are continuously looking ot ways to reduce
our carbon footprint. In FY24 we invested in technology
to make our routing more efficient, both reducing our
environmentalimpact and the cost of delivery, Along
with our fleet portner we have launched our new semi-
trailers which give 0 10% increase in capacity per vehicle
and will enable us to use compressed natural gos across
the entire trunking fleet by 2030.

(Our website with its detailed listing of product
details empowers the customer to understand the
environmentat rating of the product they buy.

Our market

* AO's current UK addressable market (which comprises MDA, SDA,
AV consumer electronics, gaming, mobile garden and DIY, smart
home and personal care) is £26.7bn.

* AO remains o UK market leader in MDA, with 15.1% market shore.

* Online continues to present an opportunity for growth, with over 55% of
the total electricals market transacted online and forecasts of online
penetration to increase, AO is perfectly placed to grow its market share.

AO addressable market growth by year”

em

38
2

30 2 » @ 2

2s —_- — —
an we

25

5 ‘

10 5

5

ms m7 ome ms

yao Yaya?) FY23FY24

@mps @ce Smart Home
@SDA @ Mobile . Lifestyle

O Personal Care OGaming

ev @ Cordon aviv

AO FY24 UK
product sales
£924.8m"

+ bankofengland co.ukimonetary-policy/the-interest-rate-bank-rate
2 globoldata.com/store/report/uk-electricals-morket-onalysis)

8 onsgov.ukJemploymentandlabourmarket/peopleinwork!
employmentandemployeetypesibulletins/averageweeklyecrningsingreatbritain)
may2024

+ gowuk/government/publications/minimum-wage-rates-for-2024
5 ey.comfen _ukinews/2024/04/uk-economy-growth-to-accelerate-in-2025-as-barriers-foll
© gfk.comipressiuk-consumer-confidence-improves-two-points-in-aprit

7 Mintel, Major Domestic Appliances, Uk Report 2022 62%

® Analysis of GFK data for the twelve months to 1 April 2024

® gfk.com/blogihow brands-canhit-the-energu-efficiency-sweet-spot

' deloitte.com/uk/en/poges/consumer-businessjorticles/sustainable-consumer-what-
consumers-care-cbout html

" GFK, gross volue, for the twelve months to the 1 April 2024. Company data, gross value

= Company data, net value

AO World PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2024 09

quoday 216a10.ns Malnsono

( |

@9UDUIAAOD INO.

s|p}DU_UIJ JNO

UO;OLUUOJUT JapjoyasoUus