Company Number: 05525751

*AFBFCS4W*

sm nui

i

LORS sou
: -ZV0% OOO'L
eS PSASMLL |

‘AO World Ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Proud to be the
UK's most trusted
electrical retailer

A million Trustpilot reviews coupled with a rating of 4.9 out
of Sis aworld first and something we are immensely proud

Strategic Report

YC ourcovernance

of because it reflects our deeply ingrained obsession with
customer service.
Our Mission Our Purpose

To be the destination
for electricals

‘We make customers lives easier
by helping them brilliantly

Number of Trustpliot reviews

1 million

£1.26bn £50.5m £16.4m

Croup Revenue PBT Net funds/ (debt
FY25:€1.14bn FY25:£20.6m FY25:(€35.9m)

Overview
AG World at a glance

Strategic Report

Chair's statement
Chief Executive's review
Ourtusiness model

ond strategy

Ourmarkets

Ourtrond

Finencial and Operational review
Sustainability

Oure'sks

(Our compliance statements

Our Governance
Governance at agtance

2024 Code compliance
Bcardof Directors

Corporate Governance report
‘Nomination committee report
‘Avait committee report
Directors’ Remuneration report
Directors’ report
‘Statement of

Directors’ responsibilities

a

3
ca

06
os
10

a
2
32

42
4a
44
46
49
2
56
68

n

Outmoncas +) ©
©
©

())

Our Financials

Independent Auditor's Report B
Consolidatedinconestatement 81
Consolidated statement

of financial position 82
Consolidated statement.

of changes in equity 34
Consolidated statement

of cashflows 35
Notes tothe ce rsolidated

finoncial statements 36
‘Company statement,

Cf financial position na
‘Company statement.

of changesin equity 16
Notes tothe Company

financial statemen:s Ww
Important information v2
Glossary 123

66

‘The website Is very easy to
navigate, the perks of the
membership are well worth
ftand communication has
been good throughout.

My items were delivered
quick ond easy and my old
appliances taken away.”

Molly, AO Customer
April2026

_— las
wommaty Meee) wesc Seea EY Op

fiywios OV auL

seofiodusa | sionpoig ssoworsno |

le vss‘z 00S‘6

riba 8 ie
ok

op 9M 3DUM

AO World Pie
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2026

AO World at a glance
continued

Our ecosystem behind

Strategie Report

De

‘Our Governance ‘Our Financials >)

every brilliant experience

The AO ecosystem brings together
expertise and services across retail
platforms, including recommerce,
in-house logistics, financial
services, a dedicated recycling
plant and a recently launched
mobile network. Together, this
creates a seamless, one-stop

shop that makes buying, owning
and recycling electricals simpler
for customers.

(Our customers are at the heart of everything we
do, Our eco-system constantly evolves to meet
changing customer needs and market demand,
ensuring we achieve our mission. I's not about
what we do though ~it's about how we doit.

Seamless
purchasing process

Mutiple e-commerce platforms provide
‘accesso over 9500 electrical products
Bespoke content. including imagery,

Videos, how-to guides, ifestye content ond
‘energyeffielency ratings. created by an
in-house multimedia team Pricing tools
monitor the market severatimes © doy to
maintain competitiveness, while My Account
tunetionalityoliows customers to order,
review and omend purchases up tothe day
‘of delivery our customers want totolkto
somebody, they can callour contact centre
7 days oweek

Q Poumenvoptions
fand/peaceyofsmind]

‘We recognise that our customersneed options:
2s tohow they pay for their products, and they
‘want peace of mind. On behaif of NewOay,
we promote arange of creat products ot
Competitive rates, ut also use 0% Interest
{ree offerings andibuy now poy ater for
promotional purposes. We ensure adherence
toresponsibie lending proctices and provide
simple and ctear finance options for our
customers, AO olzo works with Domestic &
General the UKSieading specialist worronty
provider to oer product protection plonsthot
provide reassurance repair replacement
isrequired

Dynamic distribution
and services

Our inhouse logistics network comprises
seven distribution centres, with a total of
‘over 2m 59,7 delivery depots and around
{200 trucks and 300 wallers This enables
nationwide delivery seven days aweek with
‘next doy options ond dynamic time sits.

Extra mile engagement

Our servicesinctude the basics of unpacking
‘ondinspecting customers’ products,
removing packaging and tne old preductto
De recycied, to complex gos cooking and
integratedinstalations~we gothe extromile.

5 ecyet

urinrhouse state-of the-ore WEEE (Waste
Electrical and Electronic Equipment)

cand plastics recyeling facts in Telford
recycles well over one mition large domestic
‘appliances each year Over 40% are
processed using Bertha, the Group's fridge
Shedding machine Plastics recovered.ore
Fefined through AO’ purpose-built recycting
plant wth annual capacity of 25.000 tonnes,
producing high-quality materials for reuse in.
ew products andapplionces

9

6 _ ecommerce

‘Our reverse supply-chain platform,
‘musieMagple, enables customers to trade
Imola technology ond purchase second-ife
products Where possible returned products
‘ore resold through ElekDirect or other
‘thirc-party outlets.

02

©

D(

(

41DUD
dadood yyoaD

«¢4opqfing aapys 38441,

OSE. SUPEA OD ‘OW /0,.
Ja8F WNABUAIS 9 SIN OTA

iscocjoungoly

pou)
33099)

Fiadoo>'

InSuisU MO; sioNIddnS PUD SIOUIIOG

PNRM AIH ITT
oe NDIDOMBPsOOg SUMO NoUSG UO)
isaqlonassculsicietnsQidO sono lnrsioos ux)
ORDO Iie wTMTODENH RY
3s soo duijovouoguas roan \atostoen eda
ansaid 1509 OUD DU ge Yse OU euNOLsDU,
Ei i emiorecyenesirorckineregmmresto
aSpus USS Ouimea OCC Do COON IO.
Eeapugiooue so Gvonroaaoogouioo)
WaUBOOUOUO AG pomOddase OUeOnsodsinN

BME es

ONIN 07 21 OUIhOIS al UMSOUDYDSo20IGLua

ha) Se cae Gee wear!
AOU SimIngesdoUO Ned COMO PuOAomOne OSI)

pAadyusssuoiod bueneo he paMoccneiscOuen Oly
bs esouia30 SreMeGEMEPSTI TIONS VAND
Rt athe crcl CHEERS DCIS
‘We6USy2)69(6o|ouuos oood on BuO onasug
[sup distpuatiusmmoroons BU POSUO OU MOO)

qedeya|6010.95 feowtono} 5

Ao World Ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Chief Executive’s review

Overview

66

| AOhasatongterm

| focus. Our Investment
case is to create value
through our flywheel
that shares value with
our members at scale,
through structural
cost advantages and
an obsession with
world-class service
quality. Inturn, the
same customers give
us a greater share of
their electricals spend
which further drives our
growth and operational
gearing. The benefits
of scale, the brand
value of being the
most trusted electrical
retailer and our high
performance culture
are meaningful moats
around our business.”

John Roberts
Founder and CEO

Strategie Report Our Govern

FY26 hos been another yeor of steady progress.
Out continued focus on det
customer experience and value p
side disciplined financiol management
sow market share growth across all categories,
strengthening our positionin anuncertain
external environment.
Ne achieved soles of £1.27 billion and delivered
profit before tox of £50.5 million, ref
structural cost advantage, the resilien
retevonce of our model and our ability to adapt
\yos conditions chang
jer beens
dour first £10m shore buyback
year, we had cash of over £81 milion
‘et yeor end, complemented byan undrawn £120
mallion revolving credit facility, This provides over
£200 million of avoilable liquidity and gives us.
significane flexibility for future investment ond
provides a great baseline fromwhichto oppiy
ur capital frome
hen we think ab
to shoret
over which we w
achieve on our plonnedcopex requirements ond)
or other growth opportunities whether organic
surplusreturns
{hrough share buybacks and special dividends
While our strategyis ong term,

‘mentolity ot times. For exomple, our offshering
programme has had meaningful double running
costs while we leorn howto aehieve savings,
without impacting AO stoncards, We will never
‘take the savings f serviceis sacrificed.

Electrical retoitis alow frequency, high
purchase for customers. It has hi

AO membership 05 mechanism to dé
relationships with customers and give us

platform to return more of the shi

onamic gains through exclusiv
propasitions os well os other b

eater shore of spend from customers.

Today, our membership programme continues
togo from strengthto strength, with all key
metrics improving. Itremains centratto our
ccustorner engagement strategy andis proving
highty effective in driving loyaky ond repeat
purchases. I's no quick fix or siver bullet but
whet normally takes o while to work out and is
ifficult to achieve is normally decent.

Timpson, enabling customersto trade int
forinstont cosh ot locations natior
‘example of consumer con
to sustainability.
excited about its potential
‘The Mogpie team hove celebrated their first
‘onniversary with us and im delighted with
Ourmodite busine
partners (02, Three and Vodafone),
natough morket fa
customers buy
hondsets and:
M-only offers have put pressure
' of bundled mobile contracts,

‘AO World Pie
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Chief Executive's review
continued

Inresponse, we worked closely with the networks.
toelther reshape the categoryinto something
that works mutually or to close itin an orderly
way. m pleased that the focus and creativity
across the network and client partnerships
have materially improved performance, and
the business is profitable. if any of these key
relationships were to change for the worse, we
would be pragmatic and exit without drama.
Thisis AO doing what it does best: facing reality
early and driving a sensible, win-win outcome.
‘AO nowhos over one milion Trustpllot reviews.
‘Thisisaworld fist for ony retailer in any category
‘Toachieve this at crating of 49 outof Sin

low frequency category that is logistically

very difficutts on outstanding achievement.

We are immensely proud ofthis because't reflects
‘the deeply ingrained obsession with customer
service AOers deliver every day, Doing this ot
scale as a lowest cost operator is a huge moat
‘around our business. itis quite simply away of
life at AO from me as the founder and CEO, alt
‘the way through the business in both customer
facing and support roles,

Looking back over the last year, we can reflect
with a sense of pride and achievement for a

job well done andi would, as ever, like to thank
‘ll stakeholders; AOers, trading partners and
‘shareholders for their support. None of this
happens quickly or by accident.

Looking forward, there is much to be excited
‘about and a few grey clouds on the horizon,

The result of Government policyis higher cost at
every turn for businesses. Costs walk in on legs
ondas those costs are increasing, historicallabour
fiexbiltyisreducing, Simultaneously the copabilty
of Al, robots and automotionisincreasing
exponentially while cost is reducing quickly,

‘Asa business, our primary responsibility sto
customers, staff ond shareholders.

We will continue to deliver our customers the
lowest prices through being alowest cost operator
while protecting our world-class standards,
‘AO has chigh performance culture, meaning
‘we continually communicate with our people
with candour for kindness not cruelty, People
‘con see what's happening in the world and were
transparent about how it affects them. We are
‘always embracing technologyto see how it
enables us to do things better and faster for less.
For example, soar, we have moved 150 roles to
‘South Africa. thas taken timeto recruit andtrain
the right people, to embedour culture and service
‘mentality butwere out of learning mode andinto
business-as-usual witha significantly ower cost
bose and far greater flexibility whilst continuously
improving quality to serve customers better.
Alis clearly a hot topie and so we are taking a
parallel approach to it. There are clearly quick
‘productivity and efficiency wins that we can
learn to copture for short term benefit and we
‘are leaning into that every doy
We are keeping a very close eye on consumer
behaviour and adapting as we needto so that
‘we are making the most of the deep truths
tha

---

oup's movement in working capital outflow is set out in the table below:

siMareh siMareh

2026 2025
Tventories 74 285
‘Trade and other receivables 1977 1910
‘Trade ond other poyobi (238.3) ers
Net working copitol 46.8 6656

Inventory reduced by £11m year on year, reflecting a deliberate rebalancing of stock aligned to
our strategic priorities. This movement was driven by two offsetting factors: continued growthin
the Core Retail business, where we increased inventory by £130m to support category expansion,
improved availability and service levels; and a £14.0m reduction in Mobile stock. The decrease in
Mobile inventory refiects our pivot away from chasing volume in the post-pay market, alongside a
disciplined and targeted programme to exit older stock tines. Overall, these actions demonstrate
tighter inventory management, improved capital efficiency and acclearer focus on areas of

‘the business that generate sustainable returns. Inventory days were 40 days at 31 March 2026
(S1March2025: 47 days).

Receivables increased by £6.7m yeor on year, driven by two principal factors. First, changesin

‘the mix of connections across mobile network operators resultedin ahigher level of receivables
‘outstanding at the year end. Second, the timing of the Samsung $26 launch materially impacted
‘the phasing of connections, with stronger volumes in March 2026. By contrast, March FY25 volumes,
‘were subdued due to the delayed launch of the S25, creating a lower comparative receivables
balance at the previous year end,

Payables increased by £25.4m year on year, primarily reflecting the impact on trade payables of
‘the higher level of Retail inventories noted above. In addition, continued growth in membership and
the increase in soles resulted in higher deferred income liabilties. Creditor days at 31 March 2026
‘were 49 (31 March 2025: 52) reflecting continued support from our supplier base with the reduction
riven by the mix of supplier bolances at year end,

The strength of operating cash flow relative to profit also reflects the improving quality of earnings
‘ond disciplined conversion of profit into cash.

®

‘AO World Pte
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Financial and Operational review
continued

Cash outflow from investing activities £3.9m (2025: £13.5m)

Cash capital expenditure in the year was £60m (2025: £8.9mi, with the majority relating to
Continued investment in our Recycling facility, including the purchase of additional land (which had
previously been leased) and plant and machinery to drive further efficiencies. Other additions ore
mainly replacement in nature, including I.

Reported capital expenditure is lower than the underlying level of investment in the business,
reflecting the increasing use of lease and hire purchase arrangements to fund strategic
programmes. In particular, the Group has continued invest nits logistics capability, including
the start of a significant refresh of the delivery fleet. A substantial proportion of this investment

is therefore reflected within lease liobilties rather than capital expenditure, consistent with the
Group's focus on capital efficiency and balance sheet flexibility.

‘Ona combined basis, capital expenditure and lease-funded invest ment provide amore
representative view of the Groups total investment in operational capacity during the year.
Looking ahead, we expect investment levels to increase in FY27 to c.£29m as key programmes
Continue, including further fleet replacement with the addition of 360 vehicles, technology
Investment andinfrastructure development, with the mix between capital expenditure and
tease-funded investment determined on a project-by-project basis albeit itis anticipated that
the vehicle funding of c.£22m willbe lease funded. Consistent with our capital allocation priorities,
cllinvest ment decisions continue to be assessed against returns above the Group's cost of
capital while maintaining balance sheet strength and funding capacity for future growth. Recent
initiatives, continued investment in our ERP transformation programme, expansion of our recycling
Ccopobilities and the refresh of the fleet have been progressed under this framework, balancing
‘upfront investment with expected efficiency gains, scalability and long-term cash returns.

Higher cash balances throughout the year resulted in interest received increasing to £21

(2025: £10m,

Inthe prior year, the Group acquired the whole of the issued share copital of musicMogpie for

net cash consideration of £5:7m,

Cash outflow from financing activities £37.9m (2025: £57.2m)

Financing cash outflows in the year were primarily driven by ongoing structural obligations, with
copital and interest repayments on leases totalling £23.8m (2025: £24.5m\, principally relating
tothe Group's logistics property estate and vehicle fleet. In addition, other interest payments.
‘amounted to £1.3m (2025: £2:3m)

‘Activity in relation to employee share schemes resulted in anet outflow in the yeor. The Group's
Employee Benefit Trust acquired shares in the market for £4.2m including fees) to satisfy awards
under share-based payment arrangements. This was partially offset by £1.8m of cash inflows from
‘employees following the vesting of a SAYE scheme.

Consistent with our capitol allocation priorities, the Group also completed a shore buyback
Programme during the year, resulting in cash outflows of £101m lincluding expenses}

Inthe prior year, financing cash flows included £19.1m of borrowings repaid following the acquisition
of musicMagpie.

ee

xX

(Our Financials

Net funds and total net debt
‘AS a result of the above movements, Net funds/ (debt) were as follows:

siMareh
Asotem 2025
Cosh and cosh equivalents at year end Ezy
Borrowings - Repayable within one year (02)
Borrowings -Repayoble ofter one year an
‘Owned asset ease liabilities “Repayoble within one year (071
Ownedasset lease labilties -Repayable after one year 04)
Net funds excluding leases relating toright of ts 234
Right of use asset lease labiities ~Repayable within one year 03.5) a7
Right of use asset lease loblities -Repayable after one year (34.9) sy
Net funds/ (debe) 16.4 135.9)

‘The Croup delivered a significant strengthening of its bolonce sheet in the year, moving from net
debt of £35.9m at FY2S to anet funds position of £16.4m at FY26. This £52.3m improvement reflects
‘strong underlying cash generation and continued discipline in capital allocation, materially
‘enhancing financial flexibility ot the year end,

ross borrowings remain modest, with £17m (2025: £1.9m) relating to.a mortgage used to part-fund
‘the acquisition of one of the Group's recye