ao oe '
VJ a

The destination
for electricals

AO World Pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Company number: 5525751

i

AUNTIE»

We make customers’
lives easier by helping
them brilliantly

We are an online leading retailer,
specialising in electronics.

In 2000, we started by selling white goods, big items
like fridge freezers, cookers and washing machines.
We now sell all kinds of electricals: major domestic
appliances, small domestic appliances, audiovisual
equipment, computing, mobile, gaming and smart
home technology. We now sell over 8,500 different
products on ao.com to millions of happy customers,
and we are able to deliver these at speed with our

tried-and-tested logistics network. It doesn’t stop

there: we install these products and recycle our
customers’ old ones and, finance and insurance are

offered on them too.

~Contents

Overview

02 Financial and operational highlights

04 Investment case

Strategic Report

08 Chair's statement

10 Chief Executive Officer's
strategic review .

14 Howwe create value

16 Our culture

18 Ourvalues

20 Our customers |

22 Oursuppliers

24 Ourtechnology

26 Uk Retail

30 Logistics

32 Recycling

36 Germany

38 Ourmaorkets

42 Ourstrategy

- 44 Key performance indicators

46 Chief Financial Officer's review

54 OurriskS

66 ‘Engaging with our stakeholders

68 Sustainobility .

_ 88 Chair's letter and introduction

Governance

92 Board of Directors .
94 Corporate governance report
104 Nomination Committee report
108 Audit Committee report

114 Directors’ remuneration report
140 Directors’ report

Our Results

148 Independent Auditor's Report
157 Consolidated income statement

158 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

159 Consolidated statement of
financial position

160 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

161 Consolidated statement of cash flows

162 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

196 Company statement of
financial position

197 Company statement of
changes in equity

198 Notes to the Company
financial statements

Shareholder Information

204 Important information

205 Glossary .

Our Mission

The global destination for electricals:

Our Strategy

We will leverage and support the scalability of our
business model and market-leading customer proposition
to achieve our mission and support our purpose through
our four strategic objectives

©@reodmore about our strategy on pages 420.43

Our Purpose
We make customers lives easier by
helping them brilliantly

, reas more about our purpose on page 16

Our Values

We treat every customer like our gran

We make decisions that would make our mums proud
We have a growth mindset

We operate at AO speed

©®read more about our values on pages 18 and19

o1

Financial and operational highlights

It has been a year of outstanding
strategic, operational and financial

progress for AO, resulting in a significant
step change for our business... _

@ see pages 42 and 43 for details on our strategy

Financial highlights
Group revenue increased 62% to

£1 ,6 61 m (2020! :£1,026m?)

Group Adjusted EBITDA?
increased 191% to

£64 m (2020! £22m?)

Group EBITDA margin doubled to
4% "

Group Profit Before Tax
increased to

£20 m {2020': £1m)
Cash generation of
£60m

and reduction of net debt to

£ 2 8 m (2020: £99m)

Operational highlights
Over 2m new customers‘ welcomed to
The AO Way during the year

Net Promoter Score’ remains world class
at 85 in the UK and 89 in Germany

Strategic investment in warehousing,
vehicles and people to respond to the
accelerated move to the digital environment.

Ambitious Value Creation Plan launched to
all employees, giving ever AOer the chance
to share in exceptional growth

Prior yeor numbers have been restated as set out in Note 35 to the Financial
statements on pages 194 and 195.

For the prior year comparative (i) excludes revenue and losses generated by oo.nl,
‘our Netherlands website, which was closed during the quortef ended 31 March 2020.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined by the Group as profit/\loss) before tax, depreciation,
‘amortisation, net finance income, profit/loss on disposal of fixed assets and other
adjusting items (eg. non-cash one-off items).

4 Acustomer is defined os an individual customer who has purchased vio oo.com in
the UK and code in Germany.

Net Promoter Score or “NPS" is an industry measure of customer loyalty and
sotisfaction. UK NPS comprises o.com and mobilephonesdirect.com andis
calculated on a revenue weighted average basis.

...but it’s not what we've done,

it's how we've done it;
this is The AO Way.

© see pages 16 and'7 for our culture and how we deliver success

02 AO World Pic Annual Report and Accounts 2021

AO World Plc Annual Report and Accouny

Investment case

The electricals market. has increasingly moved to a digital environment as
customers gravitate to a richer, “cradle to cradle” customer experience.

As one of the market leaders in digital retailing of electricals, we are focused
on cementing this change in consumer habits to ensure that AO is the
destination of choice in electrical retailing. -

Through The AO Way, we leverage our centres of expertise in the UK across all our businesses to deliver oa seamless and compelling
customer offer. Our continuing investment in infrastructure, the knowledge of our teams and our strong supplier relationships mean that
we have successfully managed to scale our model while maintaining exceptionally high customer satisfaction ratings.

We continue to drive growth through investment to enhanice market share, expand our product range, develop new product offerings and grow
in newterritories, Our strong and sustainable cash flow and solid UK market positions underpin our investment case and high-growth model.

The destination of choice for
digital-electrical retailing

We ore a digital retailer of electricals with a leading market share in
major domestic appliances ("MDA") and a significantly growing market
share in srnali domestic appliances ("SDA"), computing, consumer
electronics and mobile. We are a natural market disrupter with an
ambitious high-growth mindset, opening up new markets through

an exceptional digital customer experience underpinned by strong
partner relations and efficient logistics operations.

“© read more cbout our markets on pages 38to.41

Acompelling customer offering that is
at the heart of our strategy

We focus on being brilliant for our customers, and our teams care
Passionately about keeping our customers happy. We.make it

easy for customers to buy what they need, when they needit,

with comprehensive product information, next day delivery and
installation, competitive pricing and recycling, Our focus on creating
an exceptional customer experience is the basis of our long-term
market leadership strategy. We empower our people tomake thie right
decisions, not necessarily the easy ones, to deliver for our customers
and partners.

© reo ore about oureustomersonpages 20 ond2

The One AO platform that leverages our
centres of expertise to create an efficient,
scalable business model \

We operate a centralised and vertically integrated model where global
experts in our disciplines create best practice solutions dnd drive
inovation efficiently and consistently across our businesses. This
low-cost operating model enables us to scale our business quickly as
we grow, withoutadding layers of management and operating costs,
allowing us to gain maximum operational gearing at the lowest cost
per sole. It olso guarantees a consistently high-quality customer
experience across our businesses

© cca nre about howe create vole onpoges ands

04

AO Wortd Pic Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Long-term partner relationships

Our relationships with manufacturers span the full range of
internationally recognised household names who rely on us to create
‘a. quality digital experience for their Broducts ond our customers.

We also collaborate with them to erisure that our customers have the
widest choice of products to meet their specific needs at attractive
pricing levels, Manufacturers also collaborate to help formulate our
828 offering and support our sustainability initiatives, working with
us to research ways of reusing high engineered plastic parts in new
build models.

We also work with o valued network of suppliers, from small local firms
to large international businesses including mobile network providers,
delivery firms and financial services providers that underwrite our
product protection and consumer credit plans. These partners help
ensure that our customers have the best possible experience from
the start of their purchase journey to recycling of their old products ot
our own recycling site.

Financial strength to drive
high-growth model

Through our leading market position in MDA, we generate strong,
sustainable cosh flows that underpin our high-growth model. We
continually reinvest profits in new products and newterritories to
enhance our market share and drive further growth. Our strong
balance sheet, net cash reserves ond a supportive syndicate of
banking partners, together provide a solid foundation to support our
growth ambitions. As we are vertically integrated, we can manage
our cost base more flexibly to meet changing market conditions,
with careful management of working capital to maximise capital
availability for peak demand periods and ensure efficient stock
management.

© reaamore inthe cForeview on pages 46t053

Supporting sustainabilityto -
create a better world

Changing regulation, government initiatives on reducing our carbon
footprint and our customers’ concerns about sustoinability, as well as
our own corporate culture to do the right thing at alltimes, means that
sustainability is at the heart of our corporate culture and strategy.

We manage our own high-quality recycling services for both our own
operations as well as for third-party customers, handling packaging
woste, WEEE-regulated products, plastics and metols. Last year, we
signed up to the British Retail Consortium’s Climate Action Roadmap
goal of Net Zero 2040, and we are now working on our detailed strategy
toachieve these goals

©) Readmore about our recycling services on pages 32to 35

©) read more about our ESC ond sustainability initiatives on pages 68 to 85

Our amazing culture

Our excellent 47 star Trustpilot rating and world class net promoter
scores are the result of our enthusiastic and dedicated AOers. Our
people are at the heart of our strategy, and we inspire themto be
innovative and bold in delivering for our customers. We encourage
collaboration and innovation across our businesses and motivate
them towork at AO speed to deliver today rather than tomorrow.
This entrepreneurial culture of seeking out and developing new
‘opportunities keeps us growing and adapting to changes in our fast-
moving markets and relentlessly striving to do better. Our focus on
building 0 high-growth mindset underpins our strategic ambitions
tobe one the market leaders in the global electronics market. .
Itis the combination of all these factors and the alignment of
our people to our purpose, values, business strategy and
priorities that creates our AO “let’s go” culture supporting our
continued growth.

ao

4
wee

Co
ee

©read more about our culture and values on pages 16 to 17

Strategic
Report

08 = Chair’s statement

10 Chief Executive Officer’s
strategic review

14 Howwe create value

16 Ourculture

18 Our values

20 Our customers

22 Our suppliers

24. Our technology

26 UK Retail

30 Logistics

32 Recycling

36 =Germany

38 - Our markets

42 Our strategy

44 Key performance indicators
46 Chief Financial Officer’s review
54 Our risks

66° Engaging with our stakeholders
68 Sustainability

aan
_

aye

“The whole experience with
ao.com was five star from
start to finish... I will definitely
go to them first the next time
Ineed to shop.”

Janet
AO Customer

Chair's statement a :

“There is no doubt that Covid has changed the face of
retailing for good, with the steady shift to the digital
environment accelerated by events this year. We believe
that much of this channel switch will be permanent,
and we have therefore invested early in our people and
infrastructure to support current and future growth.”

Geoff Cooper
Chair

This hos been an unprecedented year for
our business, as well as for our employees,
customers and business partners. The
Covid-retated restrictions presented

both a challenge and an opportunity

for allleading online retailers, and AO

was no exception. Whilst we benefited
from the shift to online shopping and

the change in customer lifestyles, AOers
have had to work hard under difficult
conditions to satisfy 0 significant increase
in demand and maintain our high levels
of customer service. Through their
dedication, agility and innovation, they
demonstrated The AO Way with an ever-
ready smile. We continued to deliver for
all our customers, providing the essential
electrical products that they needed
throughout the pandemic. Our people
worked swiftly to ensure that safety wos
never compromised for all colleagues,
customers and partners. We thank them
for their hard work, this year and every
year, as we strive to deliver our brilliant
customer experience.

The demand for AO’s products increased
significantly at the start of the first
lockdown as bricks and mortar stores
closed and nearly 100% of the market
migrated online overnight. Under the
direction of CEO and Founder John
Roberts, and with the support of our
strong Executive and Operational
Committees, our business demonstrated
its exceptional resilience as we navigated
‘new normar This produced an increase
in Group revenue of 62'% and profit after
tax of £171m (FY20: £0.7m), with Germany
achieving the strategic milestone of
breaking even (on an Adjusted EBTIDA
basis) during the Q3 peak trading

period. Much of that success is based

on the ground work undertaken in 2019,
establishing the ‘One AO’ platform to

trey < "e+ + Annual Report and Accounts 2021

embed centres of expertise capable of
being leveraged across our businesses and
refocusing on our strong cash generation.
When Covid struck, we were therefore
already in a strong position to respond

to customer demand with AO speed and
operational flexibility,

Covid restrictions and social distancing
requirements also caused disruption

in our supply chains, with some
reductions in product ovailability as
manufacturers struggled to keep
production lines operating in the face

of component shortages and difficult
working restrictions. We worked closely
with our manufacturers and supplier
partners to help mitigate the effect on
our customers. As a vertically integrated
company, we were also able to manage
our Logistics and Recycling operations to
cope with demand peaks. Strong partner
relationships with all our stakeholders
enabled us to work collaboratively to keep
products flowing to our customers despite
these challenges. We thank our partners
for their support and ore pleased that

‘our relationships with all stakeholders

have deepened during this time.

There is no doubt that Covid
has changed the face of
retailing for good, with an
acceleration inthe
previously established
shift to digital channels.
We believe that much of
this channel switch will
be permanent, and
have therefore
invested early in
our people and
infrastructure
to support
current

Group turnover
+62%'
Croup PBT

£20m

All employee

VCP

launched

and future growth. Over the year, the
Executive team initiated an in-depth review
of our Company purpose, mission and
values to ensure that our 4,400 employees,
including the many new employees we
welcomed over the year, are united behind
common ambition. You can read more
‘about our purpose and culture on pages

16 and 17, Whilst business media gives

the impression that the corporate world

has only recently discovered ‘purpose. it
has long been at the core of enduringly
successful business, and AO is no exception.

The Board also worked with the Executive
team on evolving dur strategy, to ensure
we are well placed to seize the developing
opportunities from these long-term
market shifts. The review produced no
fundamental change in our strategy

but, instead, a continuing evolution as
the changes in our markets accelerate.
To meet these emerging challenges, we

” foresee in the near term that “Fit for the

Future” will be our catchphrase.

What does this mean? The next two to
three years offer an exciting opportunity
for AO, and we will be investing to cement
our longer-term success. Investment

into our technology platforms will be o
priority, Our systems have served us well
as they are highly customised and flexible.
However, expanding into new products
and territories will require o higher degree
of consistency and standardisation in

our support platforms. Similarly, as our
brand recognition continues to grow, we
will be investing in our brand, marketing,
‘and social media to capitalisé on the
growth in our market profile. We aim to
launch a creative hub in the second half of
the year dedicated to creating a unique
customer experience. Germany has also
now reached a critical tipping point in its
development - investment to increase
market sharewill be a strategic priority to
ensure that we capitalise on Germany's
Current success. You can read more about
our vision for AO in the CEO's review on
page 10 to 13;

Climate change, sustainable econdmics
and greater inclusion have become
increasingly important to our stokehoiders
and our customers. The Board engaged
with our stakeholders over the yeor

to ensure that their priorities are
incorporated into our longer-term vision:
details of our discussions can be found

on pages 66 and 67. AO has alwnys had

a strong commitment to sustainability
with aur awn state-of-the-art recucling |
plants. We have invested over £6m in

anew plastics recycling operation to
complement our established general
appliance recycling plant that is nowin

Strategic Report

operation. We passionately believe in the
circular economy where waste products
are recycled into new products, and we
are collaborating with some suppliers
with the aim of using our recycled and
refined plastics for néw appliances. ©
Several of our suppliers are working

with us on manufacturing high-quality
components for new products from
recycled ones. Creating efficient and
high-quolity recycling facilities will be 0
continued priority.

We equally believe that those who have
contributed to our longer-term success
should have a stake init. This year, we
launched our Value Creation Plan ("VCP",
which will allow ALL employees to share
in the future value we creote. The VCP
was received with some excitement by
our people and was approved by our
shareholders, with over 0 30% majority
The VCP is tied to share price targets,
which willbe the output of exceptional
performance, further uniting everyone
behind our common purpose.

With so many strategic initiatives and
opportunities, I, as Chair, want to ensure
that our Boards also Fit for the Future, We
will be looking to broaden and strengthen
the skill set of the Board tHirough the
recruitment of two additional Non-
Executive Directors. We are currently in
the process of defining the brief for these
new Directors, whilst having regard to the
diversity of our Board, and inline with wider
workforce policy. We expect to commence
this searchin the coming months. With
this in mind, we may have to look further
than the traditional search advisers as, to
date, they oll seem to be chosing the same
diminishing pool of people thot meet this
specification.

In conclusion, 1am pleased to report
that we closed the year in o strong
position, strategically, financially and
commercially. The coming year will bring
new challenges os we all navigate the
post-Covid world, but we are convinced
of the permanency of the switcl to online
markets. We will build on our existing
strengths and seize new opportunities,
as we see them, with confidence and
enthusiasm. This year has demonstrated
the innate resilience of our operating
model, and we will invest to ensure that we
maintain our strategic advantages.

Geoff Cooper
Chair

30 June 2021

1 Excluding the impact of onr Netherinnds business. which ceased trading in the prior yeor.

‘AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts2021 O09

Chief Executive Officer's

strategic review

“It has been an incredible year and I am hugely
grateful to our brilliant AOers, our leadership team,
our supportive Board and all our trading partners,
who have stood shoulder to shoulder with us as we

have navigated the unknown together:

John Roberts

Founder and Chief Executive Officer

In a year like no other, it has been a
privilege to see our people come together
and truly deliver for those that matter
most - our customers. I would like to thank
all AOers for their efforts to deliver an
outstanding year of financial, operational
and strategic progress for the business.

We have relished the opportunity to
impress over 2m new customers during
the year, so that a total of over 10m
customers have now discovered a better
way to shop electricals.

Ten years of change accelerated into the
last year on all levels. At times, the forced
Closure of stores moved near 100% of the
electricals market online and the nation
became ubiquitously connected as online
became alifeline. Some people got to
experience online shopping for the very
first time, and they were impressed, We
know this because our customers tell us.

We believe that structural change will stick
and a tipping point has been reached.
Once people find a better way todo
something, they rarely go back. Who would
drive around trying to find a Blockbuster
video store once they have discovered
Netflix and Prime Video? My viewis that
the online retail market for electricals will
settle this year at about 60-65% of the
market and then start to growagain asit
has every year for the last 20 years.

It’s worth remembering that the store
shopping experience is about as good
as it’s going to get, but the pace of
change and innovation means the

online experience will never be worse than
itis today.

In the physical world, retailers may use
technology to reduce cost but not, in
our view, to transform the customer
experience. Brands have realised this too

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

and most are now viewing the world witha
digitalfirst lens, Some ore more advanced
than others in their understanding - but
our improving capabilities mean that

AO can offer them the ability to tell their
product stories brilliantly to customers
after they have invested so much in their
own R&D.

This is a significant opportunity for us
to double down on our already morket-
leading content capability. We

will be investing around £15m this

year with a simple mandate to do to
Product content what Pixar so
creatively and imaginatively did to
‘animated films, with our investment
including the opening ofanewLondon —
creative hub. We will then repeat
‘and leverage this capability, and the
playbooks we create, into more
categories and markets.

The attractive dynamics of our business \
model and flywheel have been clear
through this period of growth. Our
infrastructure was able to flex up quickly
to realise our scale leverage and the sales
opportunity creating a step change
during the year on all metrics across sgles,
profit, cash generation and return on
capital employed.