BETA Close X Foresight VCT plc announced board changes effective June 4, 2026, following its Annual General Meeting. Margaret Littlejohns has stepped down from the Board after serving since October 2017. Patricia Dimond has been appointed as the new Chair of the Company and will also lead the Nomination Committee. Consequently, Patricia Dimond has resigned as Chair of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. Dan Sandhu is now the Chair of the Audit Committee, and Denise Hadgill has taken over as Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Disclaimer* Board Changes FORESIGHT VCT PLC LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 BOARD CHANGES 4 JUNE 2026 Foresight VCT plc (the “Company”) announces that, following the conclusion of its Annual General Meeting held on 4 June 2026, Margaret Littlejohns has stepped down from the Board with effect from that date. The Board would like to thank Margaret for her valuable contribution to the Company since her appointment in October 2017. Patricia Dimond has been appointed as Chair of the Company with effect from 4 June 2026 and will also assume the role of Chair of the Nomination Committee. Following her appointment as Chair, Patricia Dimond has stepped down as Chair of both the Audit and Remuneration Committees. Dan Sandhu has been appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee and Denise Hadgill as Chair of the Remuneration Committee, with effect from 4 June 2026. For further information please contact: Company Secretary Stephen Thayer, Foresight Group 0203 667 8100 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and