Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 46 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 92 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 92 Item 9B. Other Information 92 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 93 Item 11. Executive Compensation 94 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 94 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Schedules 95 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 95 Signatures 1 Table of Contents INFORMATION RELATING TO STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in other documents we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), in our press releases, webcasts, conference calls, materials delivered to shareholders and other communications, are “ statements” within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, our liquidity position or other financial measures; management’s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic opportunities, securities offerings, stock repurchases, dividends and executive compensation; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into, including the expected impact of trade and tariff policies; our plans to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies; new or modified laws, regulations and accounting pronouncements; impact of events or transition activities; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; impact of changes to tax laws; general economic and capital markets conditions, including expected impact of inflation or interest rate changes; impact of geopolitical events and other hostilities; the timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that we intend or believe will or may occur in the future. Terminology, such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “should,” “could,” “intend,” “will,” “plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “target,” “may,” “possible,” “potential,” “forecast” and “positioned” and similar references to future periods, are intended to identify statements, although not all statements are accompanied by such words. statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties set forth under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this Annual Report. statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments, and business decisions contemplated by our statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such statements. statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made (or such earlier date as may be specified in such statement). We do not assume any obligation to update or revise any statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties we face, which are discussed more fully in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this Annual Report: Risk Related to Our Business Operations • Conditions in the global economy, the markets we serve, and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial results. • If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity, supply chain management or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions, customer demand and supply chain disruptions, our profitability may suffer. In addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components, and services could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. • Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities or components that we use in our operations. • Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated, or experience cyclicality. • We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce prices for our products and services. • Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization and customer acceptance of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. • Our ability to attract, develop, and retain senior leaders and other key employees is critical to our success. 2 Table of Contents • Disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, our business. • Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products (including software) or services could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. • Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns, or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners could adversely affect our financial results. • Our restructuring activities could have adverse effects on our business. • Work stoppages, works council campaigns, and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations. • If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. • If we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. • Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses, or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. • We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our financial results. • Climate change, or legal or regulatory measures to address climate change, may negatively affect us. • We may use artificial intelligence in our business and in our products, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. Risk Related to our International Operations • International economic, political, legal, trade policies, compliance, and business factors could negatively affect our financial results. • Trade relations between the United States and other countries could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. • Foreign currency exchange rates, including the volatility thereof, may adversely affect our financial results. Risk Related to Our Acquisitions, Investments, and Dispositions • Our plans to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits, including the anticipated tax treatment. • Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our anticipated rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our strategy, could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. • Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures, and other strategic relationships could negatively impact our financial results. • The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities. • Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we have sold could adversely affect our financial results. • Potential indemnification liabilities to Vontier Corporation (“Vontier”) pursuant to the separation agreement could materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 3 Table of Contents Risk Related to Regulatory and Compliance Matters • Changes in industry standards and governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses. • Our reputation, ability to do business, and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents, or business partners. • Our operations, products, and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health, and safety liabilities, costs, and violations that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results. • Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation, including healthcare regulations; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial results and our business, including our reputation. Risk Related to Our Tax and Accounting Matters • Changes in our effective tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities or assessments could affect our profitability. In addition, audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. • We could incur significant liability if our separation from Danaher, our separation of our Automation and Specialty business, or our separation of Vontier (collectively, the “Separation Transactions”) are determined to be a taxable transaction. • Changes in U.S. GAAP could adversely affect our reported financial results and may require significant changes to our internal accounting systems and processes. • We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. Risk Related to Our Financing Activities • We have incurred a significant amount of debt, and our debt obligations, including the cost of such debt, will increase further if we incur additional debt and do not retire existing debt, our credit rating declines, or if the applicable interest rates rise. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Fortive Corporation is a provider of essential technologies for connected workflow solutions across a range of attractive . Our strategic segments - Intelligent Operating Solutions, Precision Technologies, and Advanced Healthcare Solutions - include brands with leading positions in their markets. Our businesses design, develop, manufacture, and service professional and engineered products, software, and services, building upon leading brand names, innovative technologies, and significant market positions. We are headquartered in Everett, Washington and have a workforce of more than 18,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service, and administrative professionals in more than 50 countries around the world. On September 4, 2024, we announced our intention to separate our Precision Technologies segment business into an independent company (the “Separation”), which will be named Ralliant. The Separation will create (i) a technology solutions company, retaining the Fortive name, with a portfolio of the brands currently operating under Fortive’s Intelligent Operating Solutions and Advanced Healthcare Solutions business segments, focused on resilient, recurring growth by delivering productivity and safety to customers, and (ii) a global technology company consisting of our brands currently operating under the Precision Technologies segment with a focus on precision instruments and highly engineered products essential for breakthrough innovation and aligned to powerful secular trends. The Separation is intended to qualify as a for Fortive shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company is targeting completion of the Separation early in the third quarter of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among others, final approval of Fortive’s Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of a favorable opinion of legal counsel and/or a private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service with respect to the tax treatment of 4 Table of Contents the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effectiveness of a Form 10 registration statement filed with the SEC, and other regulatory approvals. Fortive Corporation is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated in 2015 in connection with the separation of Fortive from Danaher Corporation (“Danaher” or “Former Parent”) on July 2, 2016 as an independent, company, listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In this Annual Report, the terms “Fortive” or the “Company” refer to either Fortive Corporation or to Fortive Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires. Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts in this Annual Report refer to continuing operations. Fortive Business System Our teams across our operating companies are united by our culture of continuous improvement – characterized by the high expectations, inclusion, humility, and transparency embodied in the Fortive Business System (“FBS”). This cultural foundation is reinforced by the rigor of our disciplined operating cadence. FBS enables us to operate our businesses with a focus on relentless execution, powered by our mindset and a set of tools and best practices consistently applied across our portfolio. We are committed to delivering on our financial commitments and engaging our leaders and teams to accelerate and sustain progress in every aspect of the business, including new product development and commercialization, finance, human capital management, and sustainability. We are continually evolving FBS to meet the changing needs of our portfolio and incorporating new technology enablers, like artificial intelligence and machine learning, to drive faster growth, more productivity, and greater impact. The execution of our disciplined acquisition strategy is strengthened by the value FBS creates and is a critical component of how we achieve sustained results over time. Purpose and Values We are guided by our shared purpose to deliver essential technology for the people who accelerate progress. We strive to accelerate transformation in fields, such as workplace safety, engineering, and healthcare, delivering solutions and high impact for engineers, scientists, frontline workers, and patients around the world. Our values guide how we deliver every day for our stakeholders: We build extraordinary teams for extraordinary results. We believe we are more together, and we all have something unique to offer as we come together to solve problems no one could solve alone, committed to a strong and inclusive culture. Customer success inspires our innovation . We believe our most important breakthroughs are the ones that help our customers succeed, and we strive to break down barriers and forge new paths to innovations to move our customers forward. Kaizen is our way of life . We know we can always do and be better. Our commitment to continuous improvement, grounded in our FBS inspires us to approach our work with curiosity. We are always growing and learning. We compete for our shareholders . We believe in prioritizing trust, sustainability, and positive impact to create value for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, our employees, our customers and our communities. Reportable Segments We operate and report our results in three segments, Intelligent Operating Solutions, Precision Technologies, and Advanced Healthcare Solutions, each of which is further described below. Intelligent Operating Solutions Our Intelligent Operating Solutions segment provides advanced instrumentation, software and services to tens of thousands of customers enabling their workflows. These offerings include electrical test & measurement, facility and asset lifecycle software applications, connected worker safety and compliance solutions across a range of vertical end markets, including manufacturing, process industries, healthcare, utilities and power, communications and electronics, among others. 5 Table of Contents Typical users of these safety, productivity and sustainability solutions include electrical engineers, electricians, electronic technicians, EHS professionals, network technicians, facility managers, , and maintenance professionals. Products and services within our Intelligent Operating Solutions segment are marketed under a variety of leading brands, including ACCRUENT, FLUKE, GORDIAN, INDUSTRIAL SCIENTIFIC, INTELEX, PRUFTECHNIK, and SERVICECHANNEL. Precision Technologies On September 4, 2024, we announced our intention to separate our Precision Technologies segment into an independent publicly traded company, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among others, final approval of Fortive’s Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of a favorable opinion of legal counsel and/or a private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service with respect to the tax treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effectiveness of a Form 10 registration statement filed with the SEC, and other regulatory approvals. Our Precision Technologies segment helps solve tough technical challenges to speed breakthroughs in a wide range of applications, from food and beverage production and manufacturing to electric vehicles and clean energy, as our customers seek new test solutions to enable the electrification and connectivity of everything. Our expertise in materials, methods and measurements are reflected in our electrical test & measurement and sensing and material technologies offered to a broad set of customers and vertical end markets, including industrial, power and energy, automotive, medical equipment, food and beverage, aerospace and defense, semiconductor, and other general industries. Customers for these products and services include design engineers for advanced electronic devices and equipment, process and quality engineers focused on improved process capability and productivity, facility maintenance managers driving increased uptime, and other customers for whom precise measurement, reliability, and compliance are critical in their applications. Products and services in our Precision Technologies segment are marketed under a variety of brands, including , GEMS, SETRA, , QUALITROL, PACIFIC SCIENTIFIC, KEITHLEY and TEKTRONIX. Advanced Healthcare Solutions Our Advanced Healthcare Solutions segment supplies critical workflow solutions enabling healthcare providers to deliver exceptional patient care more efficiently. Our offerings include instrument sterilization solutions, instrument tracking, biomedical test tools, radiation detection and safety monitoring, and clinical productivity software and solutions. Our healthcare offerings help ensure critical safety standards are met, instruments and operating rooms are working at peak performance, and complex procedures are followed accurately in these healthcare environments. Products and services in our Advanced Healthcare Solutions segment are marketed under a variety of brands, including ASP, CENSIS, CENSITRAC, EVOTECH, FLUKE BIOMEDICAL, LANDAUER, PROVATION, RAYSAFE, and STERRAD. ************************************ The following discussion includes information common to all of our segments. Materials Our manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of raw materials, including electronic components, steel, plastics and other products, aluminum, and copper. Prices of oil and gas affect our costs for freight and utilities. We purchase raw materials from a large number of independent sources around the world. Tariffs affect our costs for impacted materials or components we import into the United States. Based on allocation of annual spend among our various suppliers, no single supplier is material. However, some components that require particular specifications or qualifications are dependent on a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components. We utilize a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to our supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials that meet the quality and regulatory requirements, and qualification of multiple supply sources. While the remediation efforts taken by certain jurisdictions in response to events, such as the pandemic and the disruptions from the Ukraine/Russia conflict, have raised material and shipping costs, our supply chain was responsive to these dynamics, and we implemented solutions, including through FBS and working collaboratively with our suppliers, to effectively support our operations, and help countermeasure production material shortages and distribution limitations. For a further discussion of risks related to the materials and components required for our operations, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 6 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and hold licenses to use intellectual property owned by others. Although in aggregate our intellectual property is important to our operations, we do not consider any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or license to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole. From time to time, we engage in litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. For a discussion of risks related to our intellectual property, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” All capitalized brands and product names throughout this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, Fortive. Competition We believe that we are a leader in many of our served markets. Although our businesses generally operate in highly competitive markets, our competitive position cannot be determined accurately in the aggregate or by segment, since none of our competitors offer all of the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as we do. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors, including larger companies or divisions of larger companies with substantial sales, marketing, research, and financial capabilities, as well as regional competitors who are more specialized than we are in particular markets. We face increased competition in a number of our served markets as a result of the entry of competitors based in manufacturing locations, and increasing consolidation in particular markets. The number of competitors varies by product and service line. Our management believes that we have a market leadership position in most of the markets we serve. Key competitive factors vary among our businesses and product and service lines, but include the specific factors noted above with respect to each particular business and typically also include price, quality, performance, delivery speed, applications expertise, distribution channel access, service and support, technology and innovation, breadth of product, service and software offerings, and brand name recognition. For a discussion of risks related to competition, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Seasonal Nature of Business General economic conditions impact our business and financial results, and certain of our businesses experience seasonal and other trends related to the industries and end markets that they serve. For example, sales of capital equipment and sterilization consumables are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter and sales to OEMs are often stronger immediately preceding and following the launch of new products. However, as a whole, we are not subject to material seasonality. Human Capital Management Fortive is a global team, over 18,000 strong, energized by a powerful purpose. Our people strategy centers on empowering inclusive teams working together to solve problems no one could solve alone. We intentionally seek out different skills, backgrounds, and voices to deliver results for our customers and fulfill our employee promise – For you. For us. For growth. Our people strategy is defined by this inclusive growth culture and is advanced through FBS and our career development and reward systems. We continually measure, review, and refine our people strategy through measured employee experience processes. These key elements enable us to accelerate progress for our customers, our teams, and the world. Inclusive Growth Culture We are more together. Our inclusive growth culture sets the tone for Fortive’s people strategy and drives Fortive’s success. We know that a workforce empowered by inclusivity, continuous improvement, and FBS creates extraordinary value for our customers, people and shareholders. We are focused on cultivating an inclusive workplace where everyone can contribute to their fullest potential, attracting and retaining top talent from a wide variety of candidate sources, and sustaining policies and practices to ensure that no group is inadvertently disadvantaged. Fortive is committed to adhering to EEO (equal employment opportunity) principles. All people are evaluated through a neutral process. We do not consider race, ethnicity, gender, or any other protected trait in our hiring, promotional, or other processes. Our Board of Directors, along with the Compensation Committee, also oversee our inclusive growth culture practices as an integral part of our people strategy and measurement actions. We are committed to continued transparency by publicly sharing our workforce representation and inclusion results through our website (where we provide our report), and our annual Sustainability Report. 7 Table of Contents Business, Career Development, and Reward Systems Our culture of continuous improvement inspires us to keep experimenting, growing, and learning. Our career development and reward systems advance our people strategy by attracting, growing, and retaining the exceptional people we need now and in the future. These business and career development systems strengthen our ability to deliver our employee value proposition, build our employer brand, drive professional growth for our people and results for our customers. Our Performance and Development processes drive results and career growth for our global teams. Performance for Growth rigorously deploys our strategies into cascaded goals throughout the organization, while Development for Growth translates our beliefs and values into desired leader competencies, at all levels of the organization. Together, these provide a roadmap for the way we work, deliver results, and build teams. Additionally, we design our Total Rewards programs to attract and retain talented, curious people with a growth mindset and a passion for innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement. We offer leading programs that inspire and reward superior performance, are equitable, and foster an inclusive, diverse, and healthy global workforce. We also invest in our people at every level through our growth and development experiences. These experiences range from leadership learning and FBS immersion to skill building in each of our three FBS pillars—growth, lean, and leadership. Collectively, these experiences build skills, strengthen performance, and prepare our people for challenging opportunities and outsized impact. With our strong and evolving portfolio, our people have the opportunity to accelerate their career across multiple industries, meaningfully contributing to customer success and impact in the world. Employee Experience and Feedback Our promise to employees is ‒ For you. For us. For growth. To achieve this promise, our leaders at all levels of the organization actively seek feedback with quarterly touchpoints to strengthen our inclusive growth culture. In our last comprehensive census survey in Q4 2024, over 85% of our global team responded, delivering continued strength in overall engagement and inclusion and belonging at high ratings of 76% and 84%, respectively. Our results continue to inform both management and our Board of Directors on appropriate actions to enhance our culture and overall employee experience. Government Contracts Although the majority of our revenue in 2024 was from customers other than governmental entities, each of our segments has agreements relating to the sale of products and services to government entities. As a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with governments and entities. For a discussion of risks related to government contracting requirements, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Regulatory Matters We face extensive government regulation both within and outside the United States relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, and distribution of our products, software, and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations that we are subject to. These are not the only regulations that our businesses must comply with. For a description of the risks related to the regulations that our businesses are subject to, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Medical Device Regulations Many of our products in the Advanced Healthcare Solutions segment are classified as medical devices and are subject to restrictions under domestic and foreign laws, rules, regulations, codes, circulars, and orders, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”). The FDCA requires these products, when sold in the United States, to be safe and effective for their intended uses and to comply with the regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The FDA regulates the design, development, research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export, and record keeping for such products. Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials, method of manufacture, or intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance and payment of an FDA user fee. 8 Table of Contents Market access, sales, and marketing of medical devices in .S. countries are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. For example in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), a medical device must meet the Medical Devices Directive’s (“MDD”) Essential Requirements or, for new devices placed on the market after May 26, 2021, the Medical Devices Regulation’s (“MDR”) General Safety and Performance Requirements as well as other requirements set out in the MDD/MDR, depending on the device’s risk class. Before placing a medical device on the EEA market, the manufacturer must prepare a declaration of conformity, certifying that the device complies with the MDD/MDR, and must then affix the CE mark. The notified body typically audits and examines the device’s technical documentation, and the quality system for the manufacture, design, and final inspection of the relevant device before issuing a CE certificate. Following the issuance of this CE certificate, manufacturers may prepare the declaration of conformity and affix the CE mark to the devices covered by this CE certificate. Similar requirements apply in the UK. For access to the UK market, manufacturers must obtain a UKCA Certificate and affix a UKCA mark to their medical devices. Any medical devices we manufacture and distribute are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state and certain other comparable foreign authorities. As a medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA and other comparable foreign authorities as well as audits by our notified body. We are required to adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices requirements, as set forth in the Quality Systems Regulation, as well as other applicable standards which require manufacturers, including manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. We must also comply with global surveillance regulations, including adverse event reporting requirements, which require that we review and report to the FDA and other comparable foreign authorities any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and other comparable foreign authorities and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission and other comparable foreign regulators. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA, foreign regulators, or our notified body may not be promoted for undocumented, unapproved, or uncleared uses, otherwise known as “ ” promotion. The FDA, other U.S. agencies, and other comparable foreign authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of uses. Other Healthcare Laws We are subject to various healthcare related laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, and the privacy and security of health information. In particular, the U.S. Federal Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Similar laws and regulations apply in many foreign countries. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) prohibits knowingly and willfully (1) executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors, or (2) falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, also restricts the use and disclosure of patient identifiable health information, mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security of patient identifiable health information, and requires the reporting of certain security breaches with respect to such information. Similar to the U.S. Federal Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Similar laws and regulations apply in many foreign countries. The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal healthcare program, knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly makes a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Federal Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. Similar laws and regulations apply in many foreign countries. 9 Table of Contents Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. Analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, such as state and false claims laws, also may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements, and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any payor, including private insurers. Further, there are state laws that require medical device manufacturers to comply with the voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA. Similar laws and regulations apply in many .S. countries. and Laws Given the international scope of operation, we are subject to various U.S. and .S. laws outlawing bribes, kickbacks, payoffs, and other improper payments. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the UK Bribery Act, and other similar laws in other jurisdictions prohibit companies, their officers and employees, and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials to influence those officials or secure an improper advantage in order to obtain or retain business. In the past several years, there has been a substantial increase in the enforcement of these global and laws. Our operations throughout the world, including in developing countries with heightened risks of corruption, and interactions with individuals who are considered public officials under these laws, such as healthcare professionals in countries with healthcare systems, expose us to the risk of violating these laws. Violations of these laws or even allegations of violations of these laws could pose reputational risks, subject us to investigations and related litigation, cause disruptions to our business, and result in monetary fines and damages and other sanctions. Data Privacy and Security Laws As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. Data privacy and security laws are rapidly evolving. In particular, a broad privacy law in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which came into effect in January 2020 and was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act effective January 2023, has some of the same features as the GDPR (discussed below) and has prompted several other states to enact or consider similar legislation. Across the European Economic Area, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and similar laws in the United Kingdom and Switzerland impose strict requirements on how we process personal data, including, among other things, in certain circumstances a requirement for prompt notification of data breaches to supervisory authorities and/or to data subjects, with the risk of significant fines for . Regulators throughout Europe also require additional safeguards to facilitate the transfer of personal information outside of Europe. Several other countries, such as China, Russia, and Brazil, have passed, and other countries are considering passing, laws that meaningfully expand the compliance requirements around confidential, personal, and/or sensitive data that we may have access to or process in the course of our business. In China and Russia, privacy and security laws may require a copy of personal data relating to citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) increases compliance requirements related to privacy, data protection, and information security for businesses that are located or do business within Brazil. Although the LGPD shares similarities with the GDPR, it also contains a number of unique features, including specific legal bases not found in the GDPR that allow an organization to process personal data and specific requirements for the role or appointment of a data protection officer. In these countries and elsewhere, the laws applicable to data privacy and security may require changes to business practices or additional investment for compliance purposes. Environmental Laws and Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those governing air emissions, water discharges and waste management, and workplace health and safety. For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that our operations, products, and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, please refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. For a discussion of risks related to compliance with environmental and health and safety laws and risks related to past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 10 Table of Contents Export/Import Regulations We sell products and services to customers all over the world and are required to comply with various U.S. export/import control and economic sanctions laws, such as: • the International Traffic in Arms Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, which, among other things, impose license requirements on the export from the United States of defense articles and defense services listed on the United States Munitions List; • the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which, among other things, impose licensing requirements on the export, transfer, and of certain goods, technology, and software (which are items that have both commercial and military or proliferation applications); • the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, which implement economic sanctions imposed against designated countries, governments, and persons based on United States foreign policy and national security considerations; and • the import regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Other nations’ governments have implemented similar export/import control and economic sanction regulations, which may affect our operations or transactions subject to their jurisdictions. Together these controls and regulations may impose licensing requirements on exports of certain technology and software from the U.S. and may impact our ability to transact business in certain countries or with certain customers. We have developed compliance programs and training to prevent violations of these programs and regulations, and we regularly monitor changes in the law and regulations. Changes in these or other import or export laws and regulations may restrict or further restrict our ability to sell certain products and solutions and may require us to develop additional compliance programs and training. For a discussion of risks related to export/import control and economic sanctions laws, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Competition Laws Our global operations are subject to complex and changing antitrust and competition laws and regulations, including conflicting laws and regulations in different jurisdictions that have increased the cost of conducting our global operations. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable global laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance of complete and consistent compliance with all laws and regulations given the complex and evolving policies implemented by governments around the world. If we are found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Whistleblower Laws We operate in jurisdictions, such as the U.S. and European Union, with significant legal protection compliance for whistleblowers who make compliance reports about potential violations internally and to government authorities. with the Whistleblower Directive can result in fines and other penalties against entities. In the U.S., the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice can provide monetary awards to whistleblowers that report securities law violations that are subsequently pursued. U.S. laws, such as the False Claims Act, also include strong financial incentives for whistleblowers to bring lawsuits against companies with healthcare products and services such as Fortive. In addition, the False Claims Act permits whistleblowers to bring a lawsuit on behalf of the government and share in any monetary recovery, even if the government decides not to intervene in the case. International Operations Our products and services are available in markets worldwide, and our principal markets outside the United States are in Europe and Asia. We also have operations around the world, and this geographic diversity allows us to draw on the skills of a worldwide workforce, provides greater stability to our operations, allows us to drive economies of scale, provides revenue streams that may help offset economic trends that are specific to individual economies, and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for products. In addition, we believe that our future growth depends in part on our ability to continue developing products and sales models that successfully target markets. The manner in which our products and services are sold outside the United States differs by business and by region. Most of our sales in .S. markets are made by our subsidiaries located outside the United States, though we also sell directly from the United States into .S. markets through various representatives and distributors and, in some cases, directly. In countries with low sales volumes, we generally sell through representatives and distributors. 11 Table of Contents Available Information We maintain an internet website at www.fortive.com where we make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with, or furnishing such material to, the SEC. Our internet website and the information contained in, or linked from, that website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations, or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters, or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. Risk Related to Our Business Operations Conditions in the global economy, the markets we serve, and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions, and adverse economic conditions arising from any slower global economic growth, reduced demand or consumer confidence, energy, manufacturing or component supply constraints arising from international conflicts, high inflation rates and the corresponding interest rate policies, volatility in currency and credit markets, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, changes in global trade policies, unemployment and underemployment rates, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes in government fiscal and monetary policies, political initiatives targeted at reducing government funding, government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, other austerity measures, political and social instability, other geopolitical conflict, sanctions, natural disasters, public health crises, terrorist attacks, and other challenges affect us and our distributors, customers, and suppliers, including having the effect of: • reducing demand for our products, software, and services, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations, and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; • increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; • increasing price competition in our served markets; • supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; • increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; • increasing the impact of currency translation; and • increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us. In addition, adverse general economic conditions may lead to instability in U.S. and global capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and interest rate volatility. If we are unable to access capital and credit markets on terms that are acceptable to us or our lenders are unable to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations, we may not be able to make certain investments or acquisitions or fully execute our business plans and strategies. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers are also dependent upon the capital and credit markets. Limitations on the ability of customers, suppliers, or financial counterparties to access credit at interest rates and on terms that are acceptable to them could lead to insolvencies of key suppliers and customers, limit or prevent customers from obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products and services, and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. If growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets, if there is instability in global capital and credit markets, or if improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial results would be adversely affected. 12 Table of Contents If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity, supply chain management or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions, customer demand and supply chain disruptions, our profitability may suffer. In addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components, and services could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. We purchase materials, components, and equipment from third parties for use in our manufacturing operations. Our income could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases and supply chain management to reflect any supply chain or transportation disruptions or changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, geopolitical disruptions, severe weather events, increases in demand outpacing supply capabilities, labor shortages, seasonality or cyclicality. During a market upturn or general supply chain disruptions, suppliers have extended lead times, limited supplies, or increased prices. If we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet demand for our products, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase, or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer. In addition, some of our businesses purchase certain requirements from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, availability, contractual obligations or uniqueness of design. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating, quality, or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, including as a result of contractual disputes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, operational or quality issues, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities, and external events such as natural disasters, severe weather events that are occurring more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of global climate change, public health crises, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions, and legislative or regulatory changes, among others. Any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times, and inefficiencies. Because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance, and otherwise adversely affect our profitability. Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities or components that we use in our operations. As discussed in the section entitled “Business—Materials,” our manufacturing and other operations employ a wide variety of components, raw materials, and other commodities. Prices for and availability of these components, raw materials, and other commodities have fluctuated significantly in the past. In particular, the widespread supply chain challenges due to labor, raw material, and component shortages, as well as widespread logistics issues, affected multiple industries, raised material and shipping costs, limited the quantities available, and extended the lead time required for supplies and deliveries. Any sustained interruption in the supply of these items, including as a result of general supply chain constraints, increasing demand outpacing supplies, or contractual disputes with suppliers or vendors, could adversely affect our business. In addition, due to the highly competitive nature of the industries that we serve, the efforts of our customers, and the terms of certain contracts we are party to, if commodity or component prices rise we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If we are unable to fully recover higher commodity or component costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or if there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover or offset these costs, we could experience lower margins and profitability and our financial results could be adversely affected. Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated, or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets is limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which could adversely affect our financial results. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. In addition, in certain of our businesses, demand depends on customers’ capital spending budgets, and product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which 13 Table of Contents may be affected by announced price changes, changes in incentive programs, new product introductions, and customer inventory levels. Any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce prices for our products and services. Many of our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors. See “Business—Competition.” In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new or enhanced products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories, and penetrating new markets, including markets. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in risks, liabilities and expenses. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization and customer acceptance of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our competitive position and financial results will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to: • accurately identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; • allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; • anticipate and respond to our competitors’ development of new products and services and technological innovations; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors’ offerings and avoid commoditization; • innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets; • obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; • successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively, and manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; and • stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain senior leaders and other key employees is critical to our success. Our future performance is dependent upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain executives and other key employees. The loss of services of executives and other key employees or the failure to attract, motivate and develop new executives or other key employees could prevent us from successfully implementing and executing business strategies, and therefore adversely affect our financial results. In particular, the markets for highly skilled employees and leaders in the technology and healthcare industries remain competitive. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented employee base. Our brand, our culture, our ability to provide competitive compensation, our locations of operations, and our reputation are important to our ability to recruit and retain key employees in these competitive markets. If we are not competitive or successful in our recruiting efforts, if we cannot attract or retain key employees, or if we do not adequately ensure effective succession planning or transfer of knowledge for our key employees, or if our employees leave us given uncertainties relating to the separation, resulting in the inability to operate our business with employees possessing the appropriate expertise, our ability to deliver and execute on our operational, development, or portfolio strategies would be adversely affected. Disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, our business. We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties and some of which are managed on a decentralized, independent basis by our operating companies, to process, transmit, and store electronic information (including 14 Table of Contents sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. These systems may be damaged, disrupted, accessed, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, nation states, , computer viruses, error or malfeasance by employee or former employees, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other similar events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. In addition, security breaches of our systems or lack of sufficient control in our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in the misappropriation, change, destruction, exfiltration or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers. Like many multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, and other that have resulted in disruption of our operations, unauthorized access to confidential information and increased the cost of operations through containment, investigation and remediation efforts, including cybersecurity incidents in the fourth quarter of 2023. Furthermore, we expect to be subject to similar incidents in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our business continuity, operations or financial results. Increasing use of artificial intelligence may increase these risks. Any of the attacks, breaches, or other disruptions or damage described above, as well as corresponding remediation efforts, can disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers’ intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation, or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws, and increased costs for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products (including software) or services could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Manufacturing or design defects impacting safety, cybersecurity, or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) for our products and services can lead to personal injury, death, property damage, data loss, or other damages. These events could lead to recalls or safety or other public alerts, result in product or service downtime or the temporary or permanent removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. Recalls, downtime, removals, and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns, or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners could adversely affect our financial results. Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to key distributors and other channel partners that have valuable relationships with customers and . Some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors’ products or compete with us directly, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance, or purchasing patterns, could adversely affect our financial results. The levels of inventory maintained by our distributors and other channel partners, and changes in those levels, can also significantly impact our results of operations in any given period. In addition, the consolidation of distributors and customers in certain of the industries in which we operate could adversely impact our profitability. Our restructuring activities could have adverse effects on our business. We have implemented, and may continue to implement significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure. These significant restructuring activities as well as our regular ongoing cost reduction activities (including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses) reduce our available talent, assets, and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. In addition, delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or other productivity improvements, unexpected costs, or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we realize from such actions. Any of the circumstances described above could adversely impact our business and financial results. Work stoppages, works council campaigns, and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations. We have various .S. collective labor arrangements. We are subject to potential work stoppages, works council campaigns, and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our productivity, results of operations, and reputation. 15 Table of Contents If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, public health crises, war, terrorism, or other natural or disasters, including those caused by climate change and other causes. If any of these facilities, supply chains, or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation, and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. The insurance coverage that we maintain will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability, and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against losses. If we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property and have licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, , or becoming subject to compulsory licensing, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. In some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons, or countries may require compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants, and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property, and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial results. Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses, or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. From time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. Any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and due to the complexity of many of our technologies and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. In addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights, be required to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, be required to cease marketing, manufacturing, or using certain products, or be required to redesign, , or our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and financial results. intellectual property rights may also make it more difficult or expensive for us to meet market demand for particular product or design innovations. If we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we may not be able to acquire these licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our financial results. We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, disputes with our suppliers or vendors, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage, and acquisition or divestiture-related matters, as well as regulatory investigations or enforcement. We may also become subject to lawsuits as a result of past or future acquisitions or as a result of liabilities retained from, or representations, warranties, or indemnities provided in connection with, divested businesses. These lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, 16 Table of Contents punitive and consequential damages, and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management’s attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, we may experience disruption in supply or sales, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. In addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial results, record estimates for liabilities or assets that we were previously unable to estimate, or pay cash settlements or judgments. Any of these developments could adversely affect our financial results in any particular period. We cannot assure you that our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial results and reputation. Climate change, or legal or regulatory measures to address climate change, may negatively affect us. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations. Physical risk resulting from acute changes (such as hurricane, tornado, wildfire or flooding) or chronic changes (such as droughts, heat waves or sea level changes) in climate patterns can adversely impact our facilities and operations and disrupt our supply chains and distribution systems. Concern over climate change can also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment (such as taxation of, or caps on the use of, energy). Any such new or additional legal or regulatory requirements, including extensive disclosure requirements in various jurisdictions, including in the E.U. and domestically, may increase the costs associated with, or disrupt, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, any failure to adequately address stakeholder expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters may result in the loss of business, adverse reputational impacts, diluted market valuations and challenges in attracting and retaining customers and talented employees. We may use artificial intelligence in our business and in our products, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We may incorporate artificial intelligence (“AI”) solutions into our products, services and features, and we may leverage AI, including generative AI, in our product development, our operations, and our software programming. Our competitors or other third parties may inc

[truncated]