BETA Close X On June 30, 2025, Foresight VCT PLC allotted ordinary shares to directors as part of its Dividend Reinvestment Scheme. Patricia Dimond received 3,805 shares, and Jon Gudelis, husband of Patricia Dimond, received 1,878 shares. This allotment represents a change in the directors' holdings within the company. Disclaimer* Director/PDMR Shareholding FORESIGHT VCT PLC LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 27 August 2025 Notification of Interests of Directors The Board of Foresight VCT plc (the "Company") announces that the following number of Ordinary Shares were allotted to Directors on 30 June 2025 as part of the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Scheme: Director Shares Allotted Patricia Dimond 3,805 Jon Gudelis (husband of Patricia Dimond) 1,878 For further information please contact: Stephen Thayer, Foresight Group: 0203 667 8100 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and