BETA Close X Foresight VCT PLC has announced an update regarding its offer for subscription, which aimed to raise up to £40 million through the issuance of up to 70 million ordinary shares. The company is pleased to report that, based on applications received, the offer has been over-subscribed. Consequently, investors whose applications were submitted after February 3, 2026, are likely to have their subscriptions returned as per the offer's terms and conditions. Disclaimer* OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION - UPDATE FORESIGHT VCT PLC (Company) LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION - UPDATE 4 February 2026 The Company published a prospectus on 14 January 2026 ("the Prospectus"), containing an offer for subscription of up to £40 million through the subscription of up to a maximum of 70 million ordinary shares of 1p each ("the Offer"). Full details of the Offer are contained in the Prospectus. The Prospectus was published on 14 January 2026, with applications received as of 21 January 2026. The Directors are pleased to announce that they have been advised that, on the basis of the applications now received and assuming that they are all accepted, the Offer has been over-subscribed. Investors whose applications were received after 3 February 2026 are likely, therefore, to have their subscription returned in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. For further information, please contact: Company Secretary: Foresight Group LLP Contact: Stephen Thayer Tel: 0203 667 8100 Investor Relations: Foresight Group LLP Contact: Andrew James Tel: 0203 667 8181 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and