BETA Close X Foresight VCT PLC announced that Director Patricia Dimond participated in the Offer for Subscription by acquiring 28,129 shares on 6 February 2026 as part of the allotment related to the Offer dated 14 January 2026. Disclaimer* Director/PDMR Shareholding Foresight VCT PLC LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 Notification of Interests of Directors 6 February 2026 The Board of Foresight VCT plc announces, as part of the Offer for Subscription dated 14 January 2026, the following participation by Directors in the allotment dated 6 February 2026: Director Shares Allotted Patricia Dimond 28,129 For further information please contact: Stephen Thayer, Foresight Group: 0203 667 8100 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and