BETA Close X Foresight VCT plc announced its intention to launch an offer for subscription of new ordinary shares later this year, which is expected to benefit from new Prospectus Rules allowing for a non-prospectus offer. Further details regarding this fundraising initiative will be provided to shareholders and potential investors once finalised by the company's directors. Disclaimer* Intention to Fundraise FORESIGHT VCT PLC LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 INTENTION TO FUNDRAISE 7 SEPTEMBER 2026 The Board of Foresight VCT plc is pleased to announce that the Company expects to open an offer for subscription of new ordinary shares later this year (the ‘Offer’). A non-prospectus Offer Document will be available in due course. The Offer is expected to take advantage of the dispensations permitted under the new Prospectus Rules which came into effect on 19 January 2026. Under these new rules, the Company would not be required to publish a full prospectus to make the Offer. However, further details about the Offer will be made available to shareholders and prospective investors once finalised by the directors of the Company. For further information, please contact: Company Secretary: Foresight Group LLP Contact: Stephen Thayer Tel: 0203 667 8100 Investor Relations: Foresight Group LLP Contact: Andrew James Tel: 0203 667 8181 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago Tatton Asset Management 1 hour ago Renalytix (Reg S) 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Conygar Investment Company 15 hours ago Johnson Matthey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and