BETA Close X Foresight VCT plc announced the appointment of Denise Hadgill as a non-executive director, effective November 1, 2025. Hadgill, an experienced investment manager, previously worked at Schroders plc and BlackRock. She currently holds directorships at Chelverton UK Dividend Trust plc, Smithson Investment Trust plc, and PG Mutual, and formerly held a directorship at Henderson Diversified Income Trust plc. This appointment is part of the Board’s succession plans, preceding the retirement of Margaret Littlejohns, the current Chair, in approximately seven months. Following her appointment, Mrs. Hadgill will be appointed as a member of the Audit, Management Engagement, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. The Board intends to revert to four directors following the AGM in 2026. Disclaimer* Appointment of Non-Executive Director Foresight VCT plc LEI: 213800GNTY699WHACF46 31 October 2025 Appointment of Non-Executive Director In accordance with UKLR 6.4.6R, the Board of Foresight VCT plc (the “Company”) is delighted to announce the appointment of Denise Hadgill as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 1 st November 2025. Denise is an experienced investment manager with an extensive City based career having worked as a director and fund manager in UK equities at Schroders plc, and a managing director in fundamental equities division at BlackRock, the multinational investment company. Previously Denise was an oil analyst at Smith New Court and has a BSc Hons degree in Computer Science from Imperial College London. In accordance with UKLR 6.4.8R, Denise Hadgill’s current and previous directorships in the past five years are disclosed below. She does not hold any shares in the Company at the date of her appointment to the Board. Current Directorships/Partnerships Former Directorships/Partnerships (past five years) Chelverton UK Dividend Trust plc Henderson Diversified Income Trust plc Smithson Investment Trust plc PG Mutual This appointment is in accordance with the Board’s succession plans. This temporary increase in the number of Directors will facilitate the Board’s succession process over the next 7 months, after which Margaret Littlejohns, the Chair of the Board and long-standing director, will be retiring. The Board believes that this interim period of overlap will achieve a sensible balance between continuity and reinvigoration. The Board intends to revert to four directors following the AGM in 2026. As noted in the Company’s Interim Report, the Company’s Nomination Committee recommended Patty Dimond to succeed Margaret Littlejohns as the Chair and the appointment was approved by the Board. Patty will provide valuable continuity, having already served on the Board for more than four years, with the last two years as Chair of the Audit Committee. Mrs Hadgill will be appointed as a member of the Audit, Management Engagement, Nomination and Remuneration Committees following her appointment. There are no other matters requiring disclosure in relation to Denise Hadgill’s appointment under Listing Rule 6.4.8R (1) - (6) inclusive. For further information, please contact: Company Secretary Foresight Group LLP Contact: Stephen Thayer Tel: 0203 667 8100 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foresight VCT (FTV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and