ITEM 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Agreement On February 3, 2026, The Cooper Companies, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Agreement (the “Third Amendment to 2021 Loan Agreement”), among the Company, as the borrower, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (“PNC”), as administrative agent, to amend the Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021 (as previously amended, the “2021 Loan Agreement”), by and among the Company, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and PNC, as administrative agent. The Third Amendment to 2021 Loan Agreement modifies the 2021 Loan Agreement by, among other things, extending the maturity of $950 million of term loans to February 3, 2031 (with the maturity date for the $550 million of remaining term loans staying the same), removing the credit spread adjustment and increasing the cap on incremental term loans to the greater of $1.365 billion and 100% of consolidated EBITDA. The Third Amendment to 2021 Loan Agreement also implements that, at the Company’s option, the applicable rates for pricing can be determined based on the Company’s enhanced, senior unsecured debt ratings or the existing basis of the Company’s ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA. The foregoing description of the Third Amendment to 2021 Loan Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement On February 3, 2026, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement (the “First Amendment to 2024 Credit Agreement”), among the Company and CooperVision International Limited, as the borrowers, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and PNC, as administrative agent, to amend the Term Loan Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2024 (the “2024 Credit Agreement”), by and among the Company and CooperVision International Limited, as the borrowers, the lenders from time to time party thereto and PNC, as administrative agent. The First Amendment to 2024 Credit Agreement modifies the 2024 Credit Agreement by, among other things, conforming certain provisions therein to those contained in the 2021 Loan Agreement, as amended by the Third Amendment to 2021 Loan Agreement (including the removal of the credit spread adjustments). The foregoing description of the First Amendment to 2024 Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 10.1 Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Agreement, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement, among the Company and CooperVision International Limited, as the borrowers, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and PNC, as administrative agent. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. By: /s/ Brian G. Andrews Brian G. Andrews Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Dated: February 3, 2026