Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 45 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 88 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 88 Item 9B. Other Information 92 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 92 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 93 Item 11. Executive Compensation 93 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 93 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 93 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 93 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 94 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 98 3 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES PART I Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements relating to plans, prospects, goals, strategies, future actions, events or performance and other statements which are other than statements of historical fact, including: statements regarding the expected impact of global macroeconomic conditions, and statements regarding acquisitions (including the acquired companies' financial position, market position, product development and business strategy, expected cost synergies, expected timing and benefits of the transaction, difficulties in integrating entities or operations, as well as estimates of our and the acquired entities' future expenses, sales and earnings per share) that are . In addition, all statements regarding anticipated growth in our net sales, anticipated effects of any product recalls, anticipated market conditions, planned product launches, restructuring or business transition expectations, regulatory plans, and expected results of operations and integration of any acquisition are . To identify these statements, look for words like “believes,” “outlook,” “probable,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates” or “anticipates” and similar words or phrases. statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause our actual results and future actions to differ materially from those described in statements are those described in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the “Business,” “Risk Factors” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, as such Risk Factors may be updated in quarterly filings. We caution investors that statements reflect our analysis only on their stated date. We disclaim any intent to update them except as required by law. 4 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Summary Risk Factors Our business faces significant risks. In addition to the summary below, you should carefully review the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may be subject to additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and the trading prices of our common stock could decline by virtue of these risks. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this report. Some of the more significant risks relating to our business include: • Adverse changes in the global or regional general business, political and economic conditions, including the impact of continuing uncertainty and instability of certain countries, or natural disasters and pandemic conditions, that could adversely affect our global markets, and the potential adverse economic impact and related uncertainty caused by these items. • The impact of international conflicts and the global response to international conflicts on the global and local economy, financial markets, energy markets, currency rates and our ability to supply product to, or through, affected countries. • Our substantial and expanding international operations and the challenges of managing an organization spread throughout multiple countries and complying with a variety of legal, compliance and regulatory requirements. • Foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations including the risk of fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies or interest rates that would decrease our net sales and earnings. • Our existing and future variable rate indebtedness and associated interest expense is impacted by rate increases, which could adversely affect our financial health or limit our ability to borrow additional funds. • Changes in tax laws, examinations by tax authorities, and changes in our geographic composition of income. • Acquisition-related adverse effects including the failure to successfully achieve the anticipated net sales, margins and earnings benefits of acquisitions, integration delays or costs and the requirement to record significant adjustments to the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed within the measurement period, required regulatory approvals for an acquisition not being obtained or being delayed or subject to conditions that are not anticipated, adverse impacts of changes to accounting controls and reporting procedures, contingent liabilities or indemnification obligations, increased leverage and lack of access to available financing (including financing for the acquisition or refinancing of debt owed by us on a timely basis and on reasonable terms). • Compliance costs and potential liability in connection with U.S. and foreign laws and health care regulations pertaining to privacy and security of personal information, such as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the U.S. and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements in Europe, including but not limited to those resulting from data security breaches. • A major disruption in the operations of our manufacturing, accounting and financial reporting, research and development, distribution facilities or raw material supply chain due to challenges associated with integration of acquisitions, or natural disasters, pandemic conditions, cybersecurity incidents or other causes. • A major disruption in the operations of our manufacturing, accounting and financial reporting, research and development or distribution facilities due to the failure to perform by vendors, including cloud computing providers or other technological problems, including any related to our information systems maintenance, enhancements or new system deployments, integrations or upgrades. • A successful cybersecurity attack which could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems, or those of our service providers, or cause the loss of confidential or protected data. • Market consolidation of large customers globally through mergers or acquisitions resulting in a larger proportion or concentration of our business being derived from fewer customers. • Disruptions in supplies of raw materials, particularly components used to manufacture our silicone hydrogel lenses. • New U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations, and changes in existing laws, regulations and enforcement guidance, which affect areas of our operations including, but not limited to, those affecting the health care industry, including the contact lens industry specifically and the medical device or pharmaceutical industries generally, including but not limited to the EU Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Regulation (IVDR). • Legal costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and the risk of an adverse decision, prohibitive injunction or settlement related to product liability, patent infringement, contractual disputes, or other litigation. • Limitations on sales following product introductions due to poor market acceptance. • New competitors, product innovations or technologies, including but not limited to, technological advances by competitors, new products and patents attained by competitors, and competitors' expansion through acquisitions. • Reduced sales, loss of customers, reputational harm and costs and expenses, including from claims and litigation related to product recalls and warning letters. • Failure to receive, or delays in receiving, regulatory approvals or certifications for products. 5 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • Failure of our customers and end users to obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement from payers for our products and services. • The requirement to provide for a significant liability or to write off, or accelerate depreciation on, a significant asset, including goodwill, other intangible assets and idle manufacturing facilities and equipment. • The success of our research and development activities and other projects. • Dilution to earnings per share from acquisitions or issuing stock. • Impact and costs incurred from changes in accounting standards and policies. • Risks related to environmental laws and requirements applicable to our facilities, products or manufacturing processes, including evolving regulations regarding the use of hazardous substances or chemicals in our products. • Risks related to environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) issues, including those related to regulatory and disclosure requirements, climate change and sustainability. 6 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1 . Business . OVERVIEW The Cooper Companies, Inc. (Cooper, we or the Company), is a global medical device company with a mission to improve lives one person at a time. We partner with health care providers worldwide to improve patient outcomes and deliver resources and training. By listening closely to the healthcare providers and patients, we fulfill the needs of today while focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow through innovation and strategic investment. Cooper operates through two business segments, CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Our two business segments elevate standards of care with products and services in the fields of vision, fertility and women’s health. For financial information relating to these business segments, refer to Note 12. Business Segment Information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. CooperVision is a global manufacturer providing products for contact lens wearers. CooperVision develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of , and monthly contact lenses, featuring advanced materials and optics. CooperVision designs its products to address vision challenges such as astigmatism, presbyopia and myopia with a broad collection of spherical, toric and multifocal contact lenses. CooperVision offers contact lenses in materials like silicone hydrogel Aquaform technology. CooperVision also manufactures and markets myopia management products, including the internally developed MiSight 1 day lens, as well as other specialty eyecare products such as orthokeratology ( ) and scleral lenses. In November 2019, the MiSight 1 day lens became the first and only product approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for slowing the progression of myopia in children aged 8-12 at the initiation of treatment, and in August 2021, CooperVision received Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) approval for use of the MiSight 1 day lens in China. CooperVision’s major manufacturing and distribution facilities are located in Belgium, Costa Rica, Hungary, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller facilities in multiple locations around the world. CooperSurgical offers a broad array of products and services focused on fertility and women's health. We categorize CooperSurgical product sales based on the point of health care delivery, which includes: products used in medical offices, ambulatory surgery centers and hospitals primarily by women's health providers including Obstetricians/Gynecologists (OB/GYN); and fertility products and services used primarily in fertility clinics. Our portfolio encompasses more than 600 products and services. Our medical devices are used in gynecology and obstetrics, including but not limited to surgical products, contraception and labor and delivery as well as cord blood and cord tissue storage services. Our fertility portfolio encompasses medical devices supporting the in vitro fertilization (IVF) process, egg and sperm donation, cryopreservation, and genomic services (including genetic testing). CooperSurgical has established its market presence and distribution system by developing products and acquiring companies, products and services that complement its business model. CooperSurgical's major manufacturing, cryostorage and distribution facilities are located in Costa Rica, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller facilities in multiple locations around the world. SEGMENT INFORMATION CooperVision CooperVision competes in the worldwide soft contact lens market and services three primary regions: the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. The two major product categories of contact lenses sold by CooperVision are: • Toric and multifocal lenses, including lenses that, in addition to correcting near- and farsightedness, address more complex visual defects such as astigmatism, myopia and presbyopia by adding optical properties of cylinder and axis, which correct for irregularities in the shape of the cornea; and • Spherical lenses, including lenses that correct near- and farsightedness uncomplicated by more complex visual defects, myopia management lenses, which slow the progression of and correct myopia in children, and other specialty lenses. In order to achieve a comfortable and healthier lens wearing experience, products are sold with recommended wearing and replacement schedules, often referred to as modalities, with the primary modalities being lenses designed for use and frequent replacement (FRP) lenses designed for and monthly replacement. CooperVision offers spherical, toric, multifocal and toric multifocal lens products in most modalities and in a wide range of lens parameters. CooperVision Product Modalities 7 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Frequent replacement lenses Under the Biofinity brand, CooperVision markets monthly silicone hydrogel spherical (including Biofinity Energys), toric, multifocal and toric multifocal ( ) lens products. Our Biofinity brand is CooperVision's highest grossing product. CooperVision also markets silicone hydrogel spherical and toric lenses under the Avaira Vitality brand. lenses CooperVision markets silicone hydrogel lenses under our MyDay brand and our clariti 1 day brand. The MyDay brand is our softest line of 1-day silicone hydrogel lenses and offers spherical (including MyDay Energys), toric, and multifocal lenses. The clariti 1-day brand is our most affordable line of silicone hydrogel 1-day lenses and offers spherical, toric, and multifocal lenses. CooperVision also offers traditional hydrogel lenses under our Proclear and Biomedics brands. CooperVision focuses on supporting the growth of all customers including key accounts (which include optical chains, global retailers, certain buying groups and mass merchandisers) by investing in selling, promotional and advertising activities. Further, we are increasing investment in our distribution and packaging capabilities to support the growth of our business and to continue providing quality service with our industry leading stock keeping unit range and customized offerings. Market for Contact Lenses The market for spherical lenses is growing with the addition of new products, such as spherical lenses that may provide improved comfort for contact lens related dryness during lens wear and that add aspherical optical properties, more higher oxygen permeable lenses such as silicone hydrogels, and myopia management contact lenses for children aged 8 to 12 years old. CooperVision believes that there are opportunities for contact lenses to gain market share, particularly in markets where the penetration of contact lenses in the vision correction market is low. We believe that myopia management opens up an attractive new market for contact lenses. With MiSight, we offer the only FDA approved 1 and first Chinese NMPA approved product to slow the progression of, and correct, myopia in children. This is a critical differentiator as the proactive management of myopia becomes within the eye care community to help reduce the progression of myopia in children, along with reducing the risks of eye health problems associated with myopia such as cataracts, retinal detachment, and macular degeneration. We are investing to develop this new market by educating eye care practitioners, patients and their families, which increases awareness. CooperVision is focused on greater worldwide market penetration of recently introduced products, and we continue to expand our presence in existing and emerging markets, both organically and through acquisitions. CooperSurgical CooperSurgical focuses on advancing fertility and women's health through a diversified portfolio including fertility products and services, medical devices, cryostorage (such as cord blood and cord tissue storage) and contraception. We offer quality products, innovative technologies and superior services to health care professionals and patients worldwide. CooperSurgical collaborates with health care professionals to identify products and new technologies to bring to market. The result is a broad portfolio of products and services that are intended to aid in the delivery of improved clinical outcomes for patients and are routinely used by health care professionals in the diagnosis and treatment of a wide spectrum of women's health and reproductive issues. CooperSurgical distributes its products and services through OB/GYN and medical offices, hospital and ambulatory surgery centers and fertility clinics, as well as . A focus area for CooperSurgical is key accounts, which include large group practices, integrated delivery networks and certain buying groups within the office/surgical business and fertility clinic networks within the fertility business. We believe our portfolio of offerings and focus on service, quality and clinical education will help increase our share of business within these key account groups. Since its inception in 1990, CooperSurgical has established its market presence and distribution system by developing products and acquiring products and companies that complement its business model. In fiscal 2024, CooperSurgical 1 MiSight 1 day (omafilcon A) soft (hydrophilic) contact lenses for daily wear are indicated for the correction of myopic ametropia and for slowing the progression of myopia in children with eyes, who at the initiation of treatment are 8-12 years of age and have a refraction of -0.75 to -4.00 diopters (spherical equivalent) with ≤ 0.75 diopters of astigmatism. The lens is to be discarded after each removal. 8 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES acquired select Cook Medical assets focused primarily on the obstetrics, doppler monitoring, and gynecology surgery markets, a fertility company that specializes in sperm separation devices, and obp Surgical, a U.S.-based medical device company with a suite of cordless surgical retractors with integrated light source and evacuation channels. We expect to continue investing in CooperSurgical's business, including through strategic transactions, with the goal of expanding our integrated solutions model within the areas of fertility and women's health. CooperSurgical Product Categories Office/Surgical CooperSurgical sells a wide variety of innovative medical devices and services used in gynecology and obstetrics, including in labor and delivery, as well as to screen, diagnose and treat women's health and reproductive conditions. CooperSurgical offers the cryostorage of newborn cord blood and cord tissue, which are potent sources of stem cells that have the potential for treatment and healing. Our newborn stem cell storage services are available in the United States, Canada and Australia. Paragard is a intrauterine device (IUD) offered by CooperSurgical that prevents pregnancy for up to ten years using copper as the only active ingredient. It is the only FDA approved IUD contraceptive option and is exclusively sold in the United States. Fertility CooperSurgical has broad product offerings for fertility evaluations and IVF procedures by OB/GYN professionals, reproductive endocrinologists and embryologists. In fertility clinics, our products include media, and lab equipment. Additionally, CooperSurgical offers services to clinics and families undergoing assisted reproductive technologies including donor gametes, cryostorage, and genomic services. Market for Fertility and Women's Health Care CooperSurgical participates in the market for women's and family health care with its diversified product lines at various points of health care delivery: OB/GYN medical offices, hospitals and surgery centers, and fertility clinics. CooperSurgical’s business also includes cryostorage services for gametes, cord blood and cord tissue. CooperSurgical expects that OB/GYN medical offices and fertility clinics will continue to move away from private practice ownership and toward group practices, private equity, corporate or other ownership. As the consolidation trend continues it will have increased influence over supply chain control, group purchases, value analysis committees, product evaluation and procurement. We believe CooperSurgical's broad product portfolio can benefit in this changing environment as customers look to standardize and consolidate vendors. Trends specific in the OB/GYN market include: • The increase in and outpatient procedures, given increased access to care, high patient satisfaction, reduction of healthcare costs and comparative clinical outcomes. • A focus on reducing pregnancy and childbirth complications. • The obstetrician being a key contributor to stem cell storage, facilitating the collection of cord blood and cord tissue following delivery in most markets. • Initial evaluation and treatments for infertility, such as uterine assessment, ovulatory medications and intrauterine insemination (IUI), beginning with the OB/GYN and then transitioning to fertility clinics. Trends specific in the fertility market include: • Infertility rates are increasing globally, and there is a significant unmet need for fertility products and services. • The maternal age is increasing. • Patient awareness of, and access to, services is increasing. • The number of fertility clinics is rising worldwide. 9 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • Single parents by choice and LGBTQIA+ individuals are starting families. • Improved product offerings such as donor activity and cryopreservation services are becoming available. • Technology improvements are being developed for both male and female infertility challenges. • Worldwide disposable income is increasing. COMPETITION The markets in which we participate are highly competitive and involve the continual search for technological and scientific innovations. Competitive factors in these markets include technological and scientific advances, product quality and availability, price, customer service including response time and effective communication of product information to clinicians and consumers, and manufacturing processes. Competitors may have greater financial resources, larger research and development budgets, larger sales forces, greater market penetration and/or larger manufacturing capacity. Both CooperVision and CooperSurgical compete predominantly on the basis of product quality and differentiation, technological benefits, price, service levels and reliability. CooperVision Competition CooperVision's largest competitors in the worldwide market and its primary competitors in the spherical, toric and multifocal lens categories of that market are Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc., Alcon Inc. and Bausch + Lomb. To a lesser extent, CooperVision also competes with manufacturers of eyeglasses and providers of other forms of vision correction including ophthalmic surgery. We believe that in order to compete successfully in the numerous categories of the contact lens market, companies must offer differentiated products that are priced competitively and manufactured efficiently. CooperVision competes in its markets by producing high, medium and lenses made with a variety of materials for a broader range of market niches, as well as offering a wide range of lens parameters, leading to a higher rate of successful fitting for practitioners and better visual acuity for patients. Our ability to compete successfully with a full range of silicone hydrogel products is an important factor to achieving success in our business. We also compete based on our customer and professional services. CooperSurgical Competition CooperSurgical focuses on selected segments of the fertility and women's health care market with a diversified portfolio including fertility products and services, medical devices, cryostorage (such as cord blood and cord tissue storage) and contraception. CooperSurgical's strategy includes developing and acquiring new solutions to complement our current offerings. In the fertility market, CooperSurgical competes against Vitrolife Group, Scientific, Hamilton Thorne, and Fairfax Cryobank and Fairfax EggBank. We also compete with fertility clinics offering their own services. Larger companies such as Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic and Hologic have offerings that compete with our medical device products. In the stem cell storage field, we compete primarily with ViaCord, a division of Revvity, in the United States, as well as other smaller companies globally. With Paragard, we compete with manufacturers of hormonal IUDs including Bayer and AbbVie, Long Acting Reversible Contraceptives including Organon, and other forms of birth control. We are aware of a IUD under development, which may compete with Paragard in the future. Further, the continued consolidation of medical offices and fertility clinics may impact the competition for our products and services. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The Company employs approximately 400 people in research and development. CooperVision's product development and clinical research is supported by internal and external specialists in lens design, formulation science, polymer chemistry, engineering, clinical trials, microbiology and biochemistry. CooperVision's research and development activities primarily include programs to develop new contact lens designs, myopia management, and manufacturing technologies, along with improving formulations and existing products. CooperSurgical conducts research and development , and works with external specialists when necessary, in mechanical, electrical, biomedical and software engineering, as well as life sciences. CooperSurgical research and development activities are focused on innovating, improving, and advancing our products and services including, instruments, devices, consumables, digital services, and manufacturing technologies. GOVERNMENT REGULATION 10 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and a variety of regulatory agencies in other countries. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. These regulations govern, among other things, the design and development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, premarket clearance, approval or certification, vigilance reporting, advertising and promotion, and sales and distribution of medical devices and pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with the applicable regulations, which are subject to established and new legislation and change, could result in enforcement action by the FDA, or other U.S. or foreign government agencies which may include, among other things, any of the following consequences: warning letters, civil penalties, refusal or withdrawal of approvals or certifications, license suspension or revocation, product recalls, operating restrictions, suspension or shutdown of production, and criminal prosecution. Regulation in the United States Medical Devices Most of our products are medical devices, which must comply with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the regulations promulgated by the FDA thereunder. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes—Class I, II or III—depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure the medical device's safety and effectiveness. Both CooperVision and CooperSurgical develop and market medical devices subject to different levels of FDA regulation depending on the classification and risk profile of the device. Class III devices, such as extended wear contact lenses, require extensive premarket testing and approval, while Class I and II devices require lower levels of regulation. The majority of CooperSurgical's products are Class II devices. Unless an exemption applies, each medical device we wish to distribute commercially in the United States will require either premarket notification to the FDA requesting clearance for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, a premarket approval (PMA) from the FDA, or a de novo classification and request for marketing authorization submitted to and granted by the FDA. If we are required to obtain a 510(k) clearance for a device that we wish to market, we must submit a premarket notification to the FDA demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to a device commercially distributed in the United States before May 28, 1976 (a device), or to a device that was found to be substantially equivalent to a device. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent, it will grant 510(k) clearance to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device, the FDA automatically designates the device as a Class III device. The sponsor of a device automatically designated as Class III must either fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements or request a classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo process. The de novo process is a pathway to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. A PMA application must be submitted if the device cannot be cleared through the 510(k) premarket notification procedures, or if the device has been previously classified as Class III. The PMA process is much more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process. A PMA application must be supported by extensive data including, but not limited to, technical, , clinical trials, manufacturing and labeling to demonstrate to the FDA's satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. Prior to commencing human clinical trials, submission of an application for an investigational device exemption (IDE) and receipt of IDE approval from the FDA is required if the device under evaluation presents a significant risk to human health. The process of gathering supporting information leading up to PMA application, and the subsequent FDA review, can take several years. A majority of the medical devices we currently market have received FDA clearance through the 510(k) process or approval through the PMA process. Because we cannot be assured that any new products we develop, or any product enhancements, will be exempt from the premarket clearance or approval requirements, or will be subject to the shorter 510(k) clearance process rather than the PMA process, significant delays in the introduction of any new products or product enhancements may occur. After a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include: establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; the FDA's Quality System Regulation (QSR), which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, production, control, complaint handling, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during the manufacturing process; labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved or “ ” uses and impose other restrictions on labeling, advertising and promotion; FDA unique device identifier regulations, which require changes to labeling and packaging; and medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. The FDA has broad and regulatory enforcement powers. We are subject to unannounced inspections for cause by the FDA to determine our compliance with the QSR and other regulations. 11 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES In the United States, under the FDCA and the FDA’s regulatory framework, in vitro diagnostic devices (IVDs) are a type of medical device that can be used in the diagnosis or detection of diseases, such as cancer, or other conditions. The FDA considers Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs) to be a subset of IVDs that are designed, manufactured, and used within a single laboratory. Furthermore, in May 2024, the FDA issued a final rule to amend its regulations to make explicit that LDTs are devices under the FDCA. Along with this amendment, the FDA is finalizing a policy under which the FDA will provide greater oversight of IVDs offered as LDTs through a phaseout of its general enforcement discretion approach for LDTs over the course of four years, as well as targeted enforcement discretion policies for certain categories of IVDs manufactured by laboratories. As we operate a genetic testing laboratory, we are required to hold certain federal, state and local licenses, certifications and permits to conduct our business. Under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) regulations, we are required to hold a certificate applicable to the type of laboratory tests we perform and to comply with standards applicable to our operations, including test processes, personnel, facilities administration, equipment maintenance, recordkeeping, quality systems and proficiency testing. We have current certification under CLIA to perform testing at our New Jersey facility. In addition to federal certification requirements of laboratories under CLIA, licensure is required and maintained for our laboratory under state law. Human cells, tissues, and cellular and products We currently operate as a provider of donated reproductive tissue (eggs and sperm) for fertility treatments, fertility cryopreservation services and newborn stem cell storage. Eggs and sperm are regulated by the FDA as human cells, tissues, and cellular and products (HCT/Ps). In addition, Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) authorizes the FDA to issue regulations with respect to HCT/Ps. To be regulated as a "361 HCT/P", the product must, among other things, be minimally manipulated and intended only for homologous uses. HCT/Ps regulated as 361 HCT/Ps are subject to requirements relating to registering facilities and listing products with the FDA, and stringent requirements for processing, storing, labeling and distributing HCT/Ps, including required labeling information, screening and testing for tissue donor eligibility, record keeping and adverse event reporting, among other applicable requirements and laws. 361 HCT/Ps do not require 510(k) clearance, PMA approval, submission of a Biologics License Application, or other premarket authorization from the FDA before marketing. We believe our HCT/Ps are regulated as 361 HCT/Ps. Pharmaceutical Products In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical products under the FDCA and its implementing drug regulations. Although Paragard is a combination product, the FDA has determined that the primary mode of action for Paragard is the drug component and the product is therefore regulated by the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research under applicable drug regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves numerous and steps, including preclinical laboratory tests, human clinical trials, FDA reviews, and facility inspections. Any drug products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to NDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA as the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. After approval of an NDA, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes or other labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and prior FDA review and approval. Drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are also required to maintain compliance with cGMPs and other requirements, including requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain ongoing compliance. In addition, the FDA closely regulates the marketing, promotion and distribution of pharmaceutical products. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted uses may be subject to significant liability. Foreign Regulation Health authorities in foreign countries regulate Cooper's clinical studies and medical device sales. Even if the FDA has cleared or approved a product in the United States, the regulatory agencies or notified bodies in other countries must approve or certify new products and product modifications before they may be marketed in those countries. The regulations vary widely from country to country, although there is a trend towards harmonization of quality system standards among the European Union (EU), United States, Canada and various other industrialized countries. Medical devices marketed or sold in the EU must meet the CE mark requirements and maintain certain certifications. CooperVision maintains ISO 13485 certification and CE marks for its products and CooperSurgical maintains ISO 13485 certification and CE marks for medical devices and ISO 15189 certification for the genomics laboratories. The ISO 13485 Quality Management System certification is now also required for registration of products in Asia Pacific and Latin American 12 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES countries, among many other requirements for registration in these countries. In order to maintain these quality benchmarks, the Company is subjected to rigorous biannual reassessment audits of its quality systems and procedures. The EU rules below are generally applicable in the European Economic Area (EEA) which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland, while the majority of the United Kingdom now operates under a separate regulatory regime following the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU on January 31, 2020. Medical Device and In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Regulation in the EU Until May 25, 2021, medical devices sold in the EU were regulated by the Medical Device Directive (the EU MDD), which has been repealed and replaced by the EU MDR). Similarly, the EU has adopted the IVDR, which repealed and replaced the In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive (the EU IVDD) and became applicable on May 26, 2022. The majority of our current certificates have been granted under the EU MDD and the EU IVDD. Due to the unattainable nature of the deadlines for recertification of medical devices under the EU MDR and the EU IVDR, EU institutions have extended the transition periods for devices certified in accordance with the previous Directives, including the EU MDD and the EU IVDD, through legislative amendments of the transitional provisions of the EU MDR and EU IVDR. Therefore, devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the EU MDD and EU IVDD may generally continue to be made available on the market or put into service provided that the requirements of transitional provisions are fulfilled. Pursuing marketing of medical devices (including IVDs) in the EU will require that our devices be certified under the new regimes set forth in the EU MDR and the EU IVDR. In the EU, the safety and performance of medical devices (including IVDs) are evaluated by the designated notified bodies via the submission of technical dossiers, depending on the product classifications. A declaration of conformity to the MDD or MDR is drawn out as a basis for European conformity marking (CE Mark). All medical devices placed on the EU market must meet general safety and performance requirements, including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. Medical devices must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and, where applicable, other persons, provided that any risks which may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. Compliance with the general safety and performance requirements is also a prerequisite for CE mark, without which medical devices cannot be marketed or sold in the EU. To demonstrate compliance with the general safety and performance requirements, medical device manufacturers must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its risk classification. With certain exceptions, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of notified bodies, which are independent organizations designated by EU member states to assess the conformity of devices before being placed on the market. Typically, satisfactory completion of an audit and examinations of a product’s technical dossiers and the manufacturer’s quality system is required before the issuance of a certificate by the notified body. This certificate, along with the Declaration of Conformity, are then used by the manufacturer as basis for CE mark. Throughout the term of the certificate, the manufacturer will be subject to periodic surveillance audits to verify continued compliance with the applicable requirements. In addition, all manufacturers placing medical devices on the market in the EU are subject to various other regulations, including compliance with the EU medical device vigilance system, directives and requirements regarding the advertisement and promotion of medical devices and inspections rights of regulatory authorities. Laboratory Developed Test Regulation in the EU In the EU, LDTs were exempt from the regulations that govern medical devices and IVDs under certain conditions. In order to fall within this exemption under the EU IVDD, medical devices, including LDTs, had to be designed and used within such health institutions (which may include hospitals, laboratories and public health institutions that support the healthcare system and/or address patient needs but do not treat or care for patients directly) on a scale, without being released into the market. While the legal framework for applying the exemption under the EU IVDD to LDTs was not entirely clear, the EU IVDR may provide greater clarity on the regulation of LDTs. Our current and future tests will need to be assessed against the EU IVDR requirements. We will be required to comply with various certification and documentation criteria, and we will be subject to conformity assessments and audits by EU notified body and inspections by regulatory authorities. Medical Devices and In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Regulations in the United Kingdom 13 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Following the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit, EU laws no longer apply directly in Great Britain (England, Wales and Scotland). Under the terms of the Ireland/Northern Ireland Protocol agreed between the EU and United Kingdom, many EU laws, including those relating to medical devices and IVDs do still apply in Northern Ireland. In Great Britain, the legislative regime currently continues to be based on the requirements set out in the EU MDD, the Active Implantable Medical Devices Directive (EU AIMDD), and the EU IVDD. However, substantial reforms to the Great Britain regulatory regime for medical devices and IVDs are currently being developed to improve patient safety. Most of the reforms are to align with EU MDR requirements, but the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) also intends to introduce unique requirements such as post market surveillance, software, and Artificial Intelligence from . Medical Device and In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Regulation in Asia Pacific As in other regions, securing regulatory approvals in Asia Pacific is a critical aspect of commercializing our products. While medical device regulations in the Asia Pacific are based on similar regulatory fundamentals (such as classification of devices) as other regions, navigating the regulatory landscape in Asia Pacific is extremely complex. Medical device regulation in Asia Pacific differs significantly country by country, requiring specific regulatory affairs expertise in each country, as well as regulatory strategies. The regulatory framework maturity in Asia Pacific is widely varied ranging from to emerging, approval timelines can be lengthy and unpredictable and there is less access to and engagement with regulators compared to other markets. Several key Asia Pacific markets require regulatory approval in other countries prior to registration, increasing the time from completion of product development to product launch. For example, in China, manufacturers must provide proof of home country approval (such as the United States or EU) as part of the regulatory registration/approval process. The NMPA regulates medical devices in China. Medical devices in China are classified by risk into Class I (lowest risk), Class II or Class III (highest risk). China requires physical testing (known as ‘type testing’) of medical device samples by testing centers to confirm compliance with specifications and standards, both pre- and . Additionally, NMPA generally requires clinical trials to support new product registrations, rather than relying on foreign clinical data. In Japan, the primary regulation governing medical devices is the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act (PMD Act). The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) and the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Agency (PMDA) regulate medical devices. The PMDA evaluates the safety and effectiveness of medical devices prior to granting marketing authorization or approval, and monitors safety of approved devices. The PMDA is also the Quality Management System (QMS) Inspection Authority. Medical devices are placed into one of four risk classes based on potential risk, with Class I being the lowest potential risk and Class IV being the highest. Contact lenses, for example, are regulated as Class III devices and require premarket approval (registration), an expensive and lengthy process depending on the application category. A novel or new medical device application will generally require local clinical trial data, extending the time to approval. The registration process in Japan requires a QMS application and inspection. Additionally, separate from the registration process, a Foreign Manufacturer Registration is required before a company can import medical devices manufactured outside Japan. Japan and Australia participate in the Medical Device Single Audit Program, which allows for the acceptance of QMS audit reports from other participating Regulatory Authorities, including the FDA. Other Health Care Regulation We are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry and protect personal information, including the following: • state, federal and similar foreign laws, which generally prohibit payments and other forms of remuneration to induce or in return for the purchase, lease, order or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of a product or service; • the federal physician law, known as the Stark Law, which generally prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to receive designated health services from an entity which the physician, or a member of the physician's immediate family, has a financial interest in; • the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits any individual or entity from presenting or causing to be presented false claims for payment to the federal government; 14 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • federal and state laws that prohibit executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to obtain money from any healthcare benefit program under false pretenses; • the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and similar state and foreign laws that require medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers to disclose financial relationships with health care professionals and teaching hospitals; and • data privacy and security laws and regulations, such as the HIPAA and the EU GDPR, which are intended to protect the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of and other personal information. Coverage and Reimbursement Market acceptance and sales of our CooperSurgical products to our customers, who primarily consist of hospitals and surgery centers, OB/GYN medical offices and fertility clinics, will depend on the availability of payor coverage and the adequacy of reimbursement, for the procedures using our products, by government insurance programs and other payors. Payor coverage and reimbursement for procedures using medical devices in the United States and international markets vary significantly by country. With respect to drug coverage and reimbursement, payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and of drugs, in addition to their safety and efficacy. We believe the overall escalating cost of medical products and services being paid for by the government and private health insurance has led to, and will continue to lead to, increased pressures on the healthcare and medical device industry to reduce the costs of products and services. Healthcare Reform In the United States and foreign countries, there has been, and continues to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate activities, and affect the profitable sale of product candidates. We expect that additional state, federal and foreign healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that state, federal and foreign governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressures. Among policy makers and payors in the United States, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. Passed in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA) substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical, medical device and clinical laboratory industries. Additionally, there has recently been heightened scrutiny by governmental authorities, individual hospitals, and payors over product prices, which has resulted in proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). In the EU, regulations have been adopted which are intended to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including certain medical devices, and providing the basis for cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. Other Laws and Regulations We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws, including provisions that regulate the discharge of materials into the environment, laws applicable to our facilities, products or manufacturing processes, including evolving regulations regarding the use of hazardous substances or chemicals in our products, and laws related to the protection of the environment, environmental health and safety regulations, Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) in electrical and electronic equipment in the EU, and Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical substances (REACH). We are subject to various other federal, state and foreign laws related to the manufacturing and distribution of our products and to our international operations, including export control and trade compliance laws. 15 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES RAW MATERIALS Our businesses utilize various chemicals, packaging materials, components, parts and raw materials which are generally available from more than one source. However, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from sole suppliers to make our silicone hydrogel contact lens, certain medical devices and IVF products. Supply of these materials is protected by contractual agreements and safety stocks. However, if current raw material suppliers fail to supply sufficient materials on a timely basis, or at all for any reason, we could experience inventory shortages and disruption in the supply of products if we were required to use an alternative supplier on short notice. MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION CooperVision markets our products through our own field sales representatives, distributors and eye care practitioners, including optometrists, ophthalmologists, opticians and optical chains. CooperVision also sells to distributors and to mass merchandisers who offer eye care services. To support the sale and use of CooperVision products, CooperVision engages in various activities and offers a variety of services. These include clinical training, digital marketing for the customer, e-commerce, telemarketing, social media, and journal advertisements. In certain smaller countries, CooperVision often uses distributors and leverages our distributors' sales and marketing resources to attract major customers to CooperVision. With the addition of MiSight, CooperVision has expanded the breadth and depth of its sales capabilities by adding myopia management specialists while expanding awareness campaigns to include elements including print, internet/social media, radio and television. CooperSurgical's products are marketed by a network of dedicated field sales representatives, independent agents and distributors. CooperSurgical augments its sales and marketing activities by participating in national and regional industry trade shows, professional educational programs and internet promotions including e-commerce, search and social media and collaborative efforts with professional organizations, telemarketing, direct mail and advertising in professional journals. Since the addition of donor gametes, Paragard and cord blood and cord tissue storage services, CooperSurgical has also expanded its awareness campaigns to include elements including print, internet/social media and radio. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We protect our products through patents and trademark registrations, both in the United States and in international markets. We monitor competitive products trademark use worldwide and, when determined appropriate, we have enforced and plan to continue to enforce and defend our patent and trademark rights. We also rely upon trade secrets, licenses, technical and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. CooperVision, CooperSurgical, and other trade names, trademarks or service marks of the Company and its subsidiaries appearing in this report are the property of the Company and its subsidiaries. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of the other companies appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. DEPENDENCE ON CUSTOMERS No customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net revenue in fiscal 2024 and 2023. See Note 12. Business Segment Information of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. SEASONALITY CooperVision and CooperSurgical net sales in the fiscal first quarter, which runs from November 1 through January 31, are typically lower than subsequent quarters, as patient traffic to practitioners' offices, fertility clinics, and hospitals/surgery centers for surgical procedures is less during the holiday season. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES As of October 31, 2024, we had a workforce of more than 16,000. Our employees are located around the world, with 54% in Americas, 41% in EMEA and 5% in Asia Pacific. Human capital management areas of focus include a culture; embedding diversity and inclusion; fostering an environment of health, safety, and ; investing in and developing our employees through training and engagement. Our employees are a key differentiator in our overall strategy. We believe we have good relations with our workforce, and we invest in our workforce to meet current and future business objectives, always driving towards our goal of being a global employer of choice. The chart below shows percentage of employees located in Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific as of October 31, 2024. 16 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Diversity and Inclusion We believe that an inclusive work environment that truly appreciates the diversity of employees’ talents, experiences, and ideas leads to more innovation and progress. Through our Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) strategy, we drive a culture where individual qualities and backgrounds are highly valued and respected, and our employees feel a sense of belonging. Our D&I strategy includes initiatives to promote D&I conversations and training to inform and educate our workforce, forming communities of advocates and allies to help advance our culture of inclusion, and completion of various reviews of our programs to minimize the impact of unconscious bias on our reward decisions. Our commitment to D&I starts with our executives and is further executed through local initiatives in order to create sustainable change. Health, Safety and Our culture of health, safety, and helps our people and businesses thrive. We comply with applicable health and safety laws and regulations and help protect our employees through continuous improvement, education, engagement, and risk management. Our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Global Policies formalize our commitment to high standards of EHS performance for employees, consultants, contract workers, and temporary staff worldwide. Our employee handbooks specify health and safety expectations, working condition policies, and other relevant topics. We encourage an open reporting culture and require any unsafe conditions or potential hazards be reported immediately. Wellness is an important part of our culture. Our global Mind & Body Employee Resource Group focuses on enhancing physical wellness and raising the importance of mental health through virtual and events. We offer on- and fitness and wellness facilities and programs, an assortment of activities, and have a robust offering of physical, social, nutritional and mental health resources. Training, Development and Engagement We empower employees to succeed and grow, reward great thinking, results and hard work, and engage our employees. Across our businesses, we offer training, certifications, mentoring, developmental assignments, and other opportunities to help our employees develop the skills needed to achieve success. We conduct regular formal and informal surveys to proactively seek out employee feedback, ideas, and collect data on the employee experience. We encourage candid participation, and these insights help us develop targeted strategies to enhance our workplace and culture. Compensation and Benefits We provide competitive compensation and benefits in order to attract and retain talent. We regularly review our pay practices to confirm there are no significant pay disparities across gender or race, and we conduct an annual market assessment to provide consistency in rewards we offer. We have implemented robust processes for setting personal goals, individual development actions and review employees’ performance and pay on an annual basis. We also offer comprehensive and continually evolving benefits to help employees balance their work lives and personal lives. AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Cooper Companies, Inc. Internet address is https://www.coopercos.com. The information on the Company's website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our annual 17 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable. The SEC maintains a website that contains such reports, proxy and information statements and other information whose Internet address is https://www.sec.gov. The Company's Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Conduct and charters of each standing committee of the Board of Directors are also posted on the Company's website. 18 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business faces significant risks. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and the trading prices of our common stock could decline by virtue of these risks. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this report. Risks Relating to Our Business Current market conditions and recessionary pressures in one or more of our markets could impact our ability to grow our business. Over the last few years in the United States and globally, market and economic conditions have been challenging. The United States and foreign countries have experienced recessionary pressures and face continued concerns about the systemic impacts of adverse economic conditions and geopolitical issues. Any negative impact on economic conditions and international markets, continued volatility or deterioration in the debt and equity capital markets, inflation, deflation or other adverse economic conditions may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. It may limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities and to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Ongoing uncertain economic and financial market conditions may also adversely affect the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. When our customers’ financial conditions are adversely affected, customers may reduce their purchases of our products or we may not be able to collect accounts receivable, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our global business has been negatively affected by local economic conditions, including inflation, increasing labor costs, recession, and currency exchange rate fluctuations, which has adversely affected our cost to manufacture and provide our products and services and revenues generated through sales of such products and services. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to fully absorb any such additional costs or revenue declines in the prices for our products and services. CooperVision and CooperSurgical are encountering consolidation in their customer bases and emergence of more centralized large customer groups and retail chains. Due to this trend, global and regional key account customers now represent a larger proportion or concentration of our business and any disruption to these relationships may have a material adverse impact on our business. Inflation could materially adversely affect our business. Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in the overall macroeconomic environment and other economic factors that impact our cost structure and revenue. Changes in economic conditions, supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, labor shortages, international conflicts, and steps taken by governments and central banks, as well as other stimulus and spending programs, have led to higher inflation, which is likely to lead to an increase in costs and may cause changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. In a higher inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products and services sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. Our substantial and expanding international operations are subject to uncertainties which could affect our business. A significant portion of our current operations are conducted and located outside the United States, and our growth strategy involves expanding our existing foreign operations and entering into new foreign jurisdictions. We have significant manufacturing and distribution sites in North America, Latin America and Europe. More than half of our net sales for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024, and 2023, were derived from the sale of products outside the United States. We believe that sales outside the United States will continue to account for a material portion of our total net sales for the foreseeable future. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: • difficulty managing a large organization spread throughout various countries; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates adversely affecting our results; • challenges associated with enforcing intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; • difficulty gaining market share in countries such as China because of regulatory restrictions and customer preferences; 19 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • difficulty growing our sales in emerging markets such as China, India, Russia, Brazil and other developing nations due to, among other things, customer acceptance, undeveloped and/or unfamiliar distribution channels, regulatory restrictions and changes, and business knowledge of these new markets; • foreign earnings being subject to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions, including the tariffs enacted by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods, the scope and duration of which remain uncertain; • challenges in complying with a variety of international legal, compliance and regulatory requirements such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the UK Bribery Act, international data security and privacy laws, EU MDR and EU IVDR and environmental laws and requirements applicable to our facilities, products or manufacturing processes, including evolving regulations regarding the use of hazardous substances or chemicals in our products; • the need to engage agents or intermediaries to act on our behalf in certain countries, including in those countries with a high risk of corruption; • foreign customers creating longer payment cycles than customers in the United States; • failure to comply with U.S. Department of Commerce and other nations' controls may result in fines and/or penalties; • general economic and political conditions in the countries where we operate having an adverse effect on our operations in those countries or being unfavorable to our growth strategy; • international conflicts, acts or threats of war or terrorism may lead to significant market and other disruptions, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, trade disputes or trade barriers, embargoes, changes in consumer or purchase preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage; • challenges in complying with new and evolving international economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations; • natural disasters, pandemics and labor disruptions, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict; • foreign governments adopting regulations, including those similar to the EU MDR and EU IVDR or take other actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on our business and market opportunities, including but not limited to increased enforcement of potentially conflicting and ambiguous and privacy laws; • challenges enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems; and • unforeseen economic or political events in certain countries that may have an impact on our customers' ability or preferences to buy our products. As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. However, any of these factors could adversely affect our international operations and, consequently, our business. Economic and trade sanctions could make it more difficult or costly for us to conduct our operations or achieve our business objectives. Our business must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, including those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council, and other relevant governmental authorities. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit altogether the sale or supply of certain of our products to certain governments, persons, entities, countries, and territories, including those that are the target of comprehensive sanctions, unless there are license exceptions that apply or specific licenses are obtained. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines and the denial of export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we have made and may make in the future involve numerous risks. We have a history of acquiring businesses and products that have significantly contributed to our growth in recent years. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to consider acquiring complementary technologies, products and businesses and establishing joint ventures or other strategic relationships. Future transactions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in amortization and/or impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business. Risks we could face with respect to these acquisitions and other strategic transaction include: • failure to successfully obtain the anticipated revenues, margins and earnings benefits; • difficulties in, and expenses related to, the integration of the operations, technologies, information technology and other enterprise resource planning systems, products and personnel of the acquired company and establishment of appropriate accounting controls and reporting procedures, data protection systems and other regulatory compliance procedures, including but not limited to compliance and due diligence; 20 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • increased leverage and the risk of lack of access to available financing, including financing for the acquisition or refinancing of debt owed by us on a timely basis and on reasonable terms; • risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; • potential loss of employees; • an inability to identify and consummate future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; • diversion of management's attention away from other business concerns; • risks of the acquired company’s noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations; • expenses of any undisclosed or potential liabilities, contingent liabilities or indemnification obligations of the acquired company; • expenses, including restructuring expenses, to shut down our own locations or terminate our employees; • application of and compliance with new and unfamiliar regulatory frameworks; • failure to successfully obtain or maintain reimbursements under the payor plans, including but not limited to governmental programs, due to complex reporting and payment obligations; • our ability to develop satisfactory working arrangements with our strategic partners in joint ventures or other affiliations; • a dilution of earnings per share; and • risks inherent in accounting allocations and the risk that we are required to record significant adjustments to the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed within the measurement period. We face risks associated with disruption of our manufacturing, distribution and storage operations, including possible failure to develop necessary manufacturing processes, or constrained, idle or excess capacity, which could adversely affect our business. We manufacture a significant portion of the medical device products we sell. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing manufacturing or distribution facilities or our fertility and stem cell storage facilities, whether due to work stoppages, technical or labor difficulties, integration difficulties, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events), enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory body if we are found to be in with current cGMP or similar foreign requirements or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, materials such as silicone hydrogel require improvements to our manufacturing processes to make them . While we have improved our manufacturing capabilities for our silicone hydrogel products, our failure to continue to develop improvements to our manufacturing processes and reduce our cost of goods could significantly impact our ability to compete. Conversely, constrained, excess or idle capacity, which could result from acquisitions, unexpected demand, inaccurate sales forecasting or unexpected manufacturing efficiencies, could significantly impact our profitability, capital investments, customer service levels and financial condition. CooperVision manufactures molded contact lenses, which represent the majority of our contact lens revenues, primarily at our facilities in Costa Rica, Hungary, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller facilities also existing in multiple locations around the world. CooperSurgical manufactures the majority of its products in Costa Rica, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller locations also existing in multiple locations around the world. We manufacture certain products at only one manufacturing site for certain markets, and certain of our products are approved for manufacturing only at one site. Further, certain media products have limited storage lives, limiting inventory strategies. If there were any prolonged disruption in the operations of the approved facility, it could take a significant amount of time to obtain required regulatory approvals, validate a second site and replace lost product, which could result in lost customers and thereby reduce sales, profitability and market share. CooperVision distributes products out of Belgium, Hungary, the United Kingdom and the United States and various smaller international distribution sites. CooperSurgical primarily distributes products out of its facilities in the United States and the Netherlands and operates fertility and stem cell storage facilities in the United States, Canada and Australia. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing distribution or storage facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, challenges related to system implementation, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events) or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; a successful cybersecurity attack could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems, or those of our service providers, or cause the 21 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES loss of confidential or protected data which could disrupt our business, force us to incur excessive costs or cause reputational harm. Security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent across industries and may occur on our systems or those of our service providers or partners. The size and complexity of our information systems make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence,

[truncated]