Disclaimer* Pinewood Technologies Group PLC 17 September 2026 17 September 2026 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC ("Pinewood.AI") Notice of Interim Results Pinewood Technologies Group PLC, a leading pure-play cloud-based software business providing innovative retail solutions to the automotive industry, announces it will report its financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on Wednesday, 30 September 2026. Pinewood.AI's CEO, Bill Berman, and CFO, Ollie Mann, will be holding a presentation for sell-side analysts and investors at 9.00am BST the same day, which will be broadcast via the following link: https://brrmedia.news/PINE_HY26 For more details on the meeting and to register attendance, please contact Headland Consultancy ( pinewood@headlandconsultancy.com ). Enquiries: Headland Consultancy (PR & Communications) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Henry Wallers Jack Gault About Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Established in 1981, Pinewood Technologies Group PLC (Pinewood.AI) is a leading cloud-based full-service technology provider to automotive retailers and OEMs. Pinewood.AI's system is a market-leading automotive intelligence platform, which has been developed collaboratively with dealers and OEMs to provide secure software across sales, aftersales, accounting and CRM. With headquarters located in the UK and North America, Pinewood.AI serves a global user base spanning 36 countries and has long-standing partnerships with over 50 OEM brands. Previously part of Pendragon PLC, in 2024 Pinewood.AI became an independent entity following the sale of Pendragon's UK Motor and Leasing divisions to Lithia Motors Inc, one of the largest automotive retailers in North America. In February 2025, Pinewood Technologies Group PLC acquired Seez, an automotive AI & ML SaaS platform. LON: PINE, OTCQX: PINWF This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pinewood Technologies Group (PINE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Cranswick 43 minutes ago IntegraFin Holding 1 hour ago Staffline Group 1 hour ago Eurocell 3 hours ago Target Healthcare Reit Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and