Disclaimer* Ridgeview Partners LLC 18 September 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.10 OF THE CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE "CODE"). For immediate release 18 September 2026 Disclosure under Rule 2.10(c) of the Takeover Code in respect of the Recommended acquisition of Pinewood Technologies Group plc ("Pinewood.AI") by U.K. Piston Bidco Limited ("Bidco") (a newly formed company indirectly owned by entities administered by Ridgeview Partners LLC) Update on letter of intent given by Feoh Investments UK LLP ("Feoh") On 19 August 2026 the Boards of Pinewood.AI and Bidco announced Bidco's firm intention to make a recommended offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Pinewood.AI (the " Recommended Offer "). Capitalised terms used in this announcement, unless otherwise defined, shall have the meanings given to them in the Recommended Offer announcement on 19 August 2026 (the " Announcement "). As set out in the Announcement, on 19 August, Feoh gave a letter of intent to Bidco in support of the terms of the Recommended Offer in respect of 4,014,640 Pinewood.AI Shares (representing approximately 3.49 per cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital of Pinewood.AI) as at 18 August 2026, being the Business Day prior to the date of the Announcement (the " Feoh Original Letter of Intent "). Since the date of the Feoh Original Letter of Intent, Feoh has informed Bidco of disposals of certain Pinewood.AI Shares and announcements have been made as required by Rule 2.10(c) of the Takeover Code. On 17 September 2026, Bidco was informed by Feoh that it had disposed of a further 15,861 Pinewood.AI Shares. Accordingly, Feoh informed Bidco that there are no longer any Pinewood.AI Shares which remain subject to the letter of intent dated 3 September 2026. Taking this into account, the irrevocable undertakings received by Bidco now represent, in aggregate, 52,013,108 Pinewood.AI Shares (representing approximately 44.56 per cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital of Pinewood.AI as at the close of business on 17 September 2026, being the Business Day prior to the date of this announcement). This announcement is made in accordance with Rule 2.10(c) of the Code. For further information please contact: Bidco and Ridgeview Dana Gorman (H-Advisors, PR Adviser to Ridgeview) +1 212 371 5999 RBC (Financial Adviser to Bidco and Ridgeview) Mark Preston Ken Martin Andrew Diggles Samuel Jackson +44 20 7653 4000 Disclaimers RBC Europe Limited (" RBC "), which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom, is acting exclusively as financial adviser to Bidco and Ridgeview and no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bidco and Ridgeview for providing the protections afforded to clients of RBC nor for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither RBC nor any of its affiliates, directors or employees owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, consequential, whether in contract, tort, in delict, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of RBC in connection with this announcement or any matter referred to herein. Further information This announcement is for information purposes and is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities, or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, pursuant to this announcement or otherwise, nor shall there be any purchase, sale, issuance, exchange or transfer of securities of Pinewood.AI in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. The Recommended Offer will be made solely by the relevant offer documentation which will contain the full terms and conditions of any offer, including details of how it may be accepted. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom and the availability of any offer to shareholders of Pinewood.AI who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be affected by the laws of relevant jurisdictions. Therefore, any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or shareholders of Pinewood.AI who are not resident in the United Kingdom will need to inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable requirements. Publication on website In accordance with Rule 26.1 of the Code, a copy of this announcement will be available on the website of Pinewood.AI at www.Pinewood.AI and of Bidco and Ridgeview at https://www.Ridgeview-partners.com/ promptly and by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the business day following this announcement. The content of the website referred to in this announcement is not incorporated into and does not form part of this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pinewood Technologies Group (PINE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago Cranswick 45 minutes ago IntegraFin Holding 1 hour ago Staffline Group 1 hour ago Eurocell 3 hours ago Target Healthcare Reit Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and