PIN=WOOD.AI

Transforming
automotive retail.

8
Rend

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC

‘mca

*Al
2
COMPANIES HOUSE

i

A08 22/07/2025 #93
COMPANIES HOUSE

Ag! #

*AE7BVYF4*

PINE WOOD.AI

We're a leading automotive retail ecosystem,
with purely cloud-based software designed
around customers and hyperscale. Our system is
active in 21 countries, with over 35,000 users in
the UK, Europe and Asia. Our recurring revenue
streams deliver consistent growth in revenue
and high, stable gross margins.

6
The benefits we're deriving from
Pinewood are fundamentally cha
the way we operate as a business,
efficiently and more effectively.”

Dougal Keith
Managing Director, DM Keith

View more at pinewood.ai/customer-stories

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Strategic Report

Business overview 02 Business Overview

04 Chairman's Statement
06 Chief Executive Officers Review
08 Business Strategy
09 Investment Case

o2 10 Business Model
2

Financial Review

Hodoy 21694045

13. Operating Review
16 S172 Statement
18 Life at Pinewood

. . 20. Environmental, Sociat &
Chief Executive Governance Report

Officer’araviaw 32. Risk Overview & Management
36 Viability Statement

Hoday s10}>@119

Directors’ Report
38 Board of Directors

40 Corporate Governance Report
44 Audit Committee Report

46 Nomination Committee Report
48 Remunerction Committee Report
49 Directors’ Remuneration Report
57 Directors’ Report

‘S}UBWA}D{S [ODUDULY

60. Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

ancial Statements
62 Independent Auditors’ Report
JO Grove Financial Statements & Notes
107 Company Financial Statements & Notes

TIS Advisors, Banks & Shareholder
Information

View our report at pinewood.ai/investors/results/

02 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Business overview

Accelerating performance.
Increasing revenues.

Pinewood Software

L g of Software as a Service to global automotive business users.

Personalised video Online Integrated website Integrated website
to customers payments solution for online solution for service
buying booking

Our Dealer Management System is built around modern
processes and role-based workflows, taking advantage
of an Enterprise database, ensuring people have the
right information when they need

Steve Meadows, Chief Commercial Officer

Integration with
the world’s leading -err YY ~
automotive otaned eenniee re) ee von
manufacturers
Bh
HYUNDAI oo Jeep ED +
e* ¢ S
=> Ss P

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Pinewood Apps

Our apps are designed to streamline processes and improve efficiency across the whole dealership.
Our fully integrated suite of apps work seamlessly with our Pinewood Dealer Management System (DMS).
Our apps are multi-platform and users can choose their preferred tablet or mobile, across iOS, Windows

and Android devices.

Tech+ |

Improve th

ervice and repair
luding v

in time mana!

Stock+

££ @ 6

Host+ 4

Integrated video processes including Efficiently manage the vehicle sales
360° tours of aused vehicle in stock, process and provide a great customer
experience - the ultimate showroom
app for sales professionals.

or health check

Parts+

Issue parts on-thi
ith our in-built bat

, saving time
scanner.

Commercial vehicles
par <> a 2
@ wien EY

03

2
8
@
2
3
8

poday S10} a11Q,

‘syuawia}njs [OIoUDULA

04

Chairman's statement

FY24 has been a
period for
our business.

We started the year by announcing the completion of the sale
of our dealership and leasing business to Lithia Motors for
£395m, with approximately £358m returned to shareholders
by way of a special dividend.

In addition to the substantial returns from the
transaction, shareholders were also given the
‘opportunity to benefit from significant further
upside from continued ownership of the newly
formed Pinewood Technologies Group. Since
then, all our energy has gone into making

the most of the opportunities we have ahead
of usin our target markets.

lam delighted with the progress that the
business has made in its first financial year and
our strong financial performance is evidence
of this. This was driven in no small part by the
successful rollout of our platform into Lithia
UK's dealerships and our team deserves great
credit for how they executed that programme
of work. Importantly, organic customer
growth was healthy and churn levels remained
extremely low, demonstrating the value of our
products to the dealers and OEMs we serve.

More broadly, we have had great success at
delivering against our strategic goal of growing
‘our customer base among large UK auto retail
groups. The agreements signed with Marshall
Motor Group and, after period end, with Global
Auto Holdings are significant achievements and
position us well for the coming year.

&“

The strong financial and operational
performance has been underpinned by some
notable projects to strengthen our customer-
facing proposition. In October, we unveiled
anew brand identity which has landed well
with customers and colleagues alike, and gives
a strong platform to build from in the years
ahead. Our technical teams have also been
hard at work on a whole new user experience,
which will be launched during 2025.

Since the period ended, we announced

the acquisition of the remainder of Seez,

a leading Al and machine learning platform,
for $42 million (£33.3 million). The deal

isa significant milestone for our business,
enhancing our own in-house capabilities
andit will be central to the offering we ore
developing for the North American market.
Amajor focus for 2025 will be ensuring we
remain on track to begin piloting our solution

in Lithio’s US stores in the second half of 2025.
‘As we have spoken about previously, the
opportunity in the US and Canada is a significant
one and we remain confident in our ability

to capture an attractive share of the market.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

During the course of the year, [have had
the pleasure of spending time with many
colleagues from across the business

‘and I never fail to be impressed with the
quality of the people we have in our ranks.
On behalf of the Board, | would like to
‘express my thanks to them for their hard
work in making our first year as a stand-
alone business such a success. From my
conversations with them, | know that the
‘excitement for the opportunities we have
ahead of us runs deep within Pinewood
‘Technologies and we are all looking ahead
with the confidence to 2025.

The Board is rightly proud of the value
achieved for shareholders as part of Lithia's
acquisition of Pendragon and we are now
focused on supporting Bill and his team on
delivering on the ambitious plans we have to
grow our share in target markets in the UK,
Internationally and in North America.

lan Filby,
Chairman

tam delighted with the progress that the business has made

in its first financial year and our

is evidence of this.”

lan Filby , Non-Executive Chairman

trong financial performance

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Hodey 216940445

podey s10ppeuig

2
a
a
a
a
q
s
3
3
3
z

06 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Chief Executive Officer’s review

Accelerating our

Pinewood has made a strong start to life as a stand
business. A key priority this year was the implementatiés
system into Lithia’s UK network, and I'm pleased this

has been completed successfully, driving up our total users
revenues. On top of this we delivered major customer;wins
notably with Marshall, while maintaining a low level of chur:
thanks to the quality of our service.

Since the close of the financial year, our positive momentum has
continued with the announcement of our largest ever contract with
Global Auto Holdings, the acquisition of Seez, and our significantty
oversubscribed equity raise. This year will see us focus on ,
implementing our market-leading system with our new customers”
in the UK, driving growth in our key international geographies

and continuing to prepare for our roll-out in the US through our
‘joint venture’ with Lithia. Trading in the current year has started
well, and we remain highly confident in the opportunities ahead

for Pinewood.”

Bill Berman, Chief Executive Officer

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

lam delighted to report such a strong first period for Pinewood as
a standalone pure-play cloud-based software business. Not only
have we delivered a robust set of results during FY24, reflecting our
strong growth in the period, but the business has been strategically
transformed during 2024 and early 2025. We are confident that
we are now well-positioned to grow significantly over the next few
years, as we look to expand our global customer base and develop

the functionality of our technology.

Pinewood is a unique proposition. It is a
business with over two decades of industry
experience, we are the proud partner to over
50 OEM brands worldwide and our system is
active in 21 countries with over 35,000 users.
We have deep customer relationships with
high levels of user loyalty, with an average
churn rate of less than c.2 in the past

three years, and this translates to recurring
revenues of c.85%. Despite this long history
and broad international footprint, the
business still has the mentality and nimbleness
of a start-up and we are hugely energised by
the opportunities we see ahead of us.

The global DMS and software market serving
the automotive industry is fragmented and we
‘are well positioned to benefit from this. There
is a huge opportunity globally and in particular
in North America where the Total Addressable
Market for automotive systems is $6.5 billion.

Our first period as a standalone company
has seen us begin to lay the foundations to
fully access the growth potential we believe
exists within the business by strengthening
‘our brand and propesition. Alongside our
Strategy Update at our Capital Markets Day
in October, we launched our reinvigorated
customer-facing brand identity under

the banner of Pinewood.Al (Automotive
Intelligence’). This has further strengthened
our go-to-market function, as it is a brand
identity that corresponds with our ambitions
and it positions us as a leading automotive
retail ecosystem. The recent acquisition of
Seez also further enhances this positioning
and technical capability within the Group.

‘An upgraded user experience (UX) for all
Pinewood system customers will be launched
during 2025. Development work on this new
UX has taken place over the last few years
and this is a key next step in the evolution of
the Pinewood system.

‘One of our key priorities during FY24 has been
to deliver best-in-class implementations of
our system into the Lithia UK dealers.

{tis testament to the huge efforts made by our
teams that the feedback we have had from
Lithia has been excellent. Time and again,

‘our teams have gone the extra mile to ensure
the implementations have gone as seamlessly

as possible, while our software development
and product teams have worked relentlessly
to enhance what is already a best-in-class
automotive retail ecosystem.

We recognise that maximising system
functionality has to be done alongside
maintaining as secure an environment as
possible. We continue to invest heavily in
enhancing our platform architecture and
cyber security.

While the primary driver for our increase

in users to ¢.35,200 was the Lithia UK
implementation, we have also had new
customer wins in the UK and our international
markets. Crucially, we have kept our average
net user churn to ¢.1% during FY24 which is
testament to the market leading product

we have.

One of the key milestones this year was signing
a five-year contract with Marshall Motor
Group in October 2024, which will be the first
non-associated major dealership group in the
UK to implement Pinewood systems into all of
its dealerships. This momentum was continued
post-period in February 2025, when we signed
a five-year contract with Global Auto Holdings
to implement the Pinewood sy

---

driving growth in our key international geographies

and continuing to prepare for our roll-out in the US through our
‘joint venture’ with Lithia. Trading in the current year has started
well, and we remain highly confident in the opportunities ahead

for Pinewood.”

Bill Berman, Chief Executive Officer

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

lam delighted to report such a strong first period for Pinewood as
a standalone pure-play cloud-based software business. Not only
have we delivered a robust set of results during FY24, reflecting our
strong growth in the period, but the business has been strategically
transformed during 2024 and early 2025. We are confident that
we are now well-positioned to grow significantly over the next few
years, as we look to expand our global customer base and develop

the functionality of our technology.

Pinewood is a unique proposition. It is a
business with over two decades of industry
experience, we are the proud partner to over
50 OEM brands worldwide and our system is
active in 21 countries with over 35,000 users.
We have deep customer relationships with
high levels of user loyalty, with an average
churn rate of less than c.2 in the past

three years, and this translates to recurring
revenues of c.85%. Despite this long history
and broad international footprint, the
business still has the mentality and nimbleness
of a start-up and we are hugely energised by
the opportunities we see ahead of us.

The global DMS and software market serving
the automotive industry is fragmented and we
‘are well positioned to benefit from this. There
is a huge opportunity globally and in particular
in North America where the Total Addressable
Market for automotive systems is $6.5 billion.

Our first period as a standalone company
has seen us begin to lay the foundations to
fully access the growth potential we believe
exists within the business by strengthening
‘our brand and propesition. Alongside our
Strategy Update at our Capital Markets Day
in October, we launched our reinvigorated
customer-facing brand identity under

the banner of Pinewood.Al (Automotive
Intelligence’). This has further strengthened
our go-to-market function, as it is a brand
identity that corresponds with our ambitions
and it positions us as a leading automotive
retail ecosystem. The recent acquisition of
Seez also further enhances this positioning
and technical capability within the Group.

‘An upgraded user experience (UX) for all
Pinewood system customers will be launched
during 2025. Development work on this new
UX has taken place over the last few years
and this is a key next step in the evolution of
the Pinewood system.

‘One of our key priorities during FY24 has been
to deliver best-in-class implementations of
our system into the Lithia UK dealers.

{tis testament to the huge efforts made by our
teams that the feedback we have had from
Lithia has been excellent. Time and again,

‘our teams have gone the extra mile to ensure
the implementations have gone as seamlessly

as possible, while our software development
and product teams have worked relentlessly
to enhance what is already a best-in-class
automotive retail ecosystem.

We recognise that maximising system
functionality has to be done alongside
maintaining as secure an environment as
possible. We continue to invest heavily in
enhancing our platform architecture and
cyber security.

While the primary driver for our increase

in users to ¢.35,200 was the Lithia UK
implementation, we have also had new
customer wins in the UK and our international
markets. Crucially, we have kept our average
net user churn to ¢.1% during FY24 which is
testament to the market leading product

we have.

One of the key milestones this year was signing
a five-year contract with Marshall Motor
Group in October 2024, which will be the first
non-associated major dealership group in the
UK to implement Pinewood systems into all of
its dealerships. This momentum was continued
post-period in February 2025, when we signed
a five-year contract with Global Auto Holdings
to implement the Pinewood system into their
dealerships across the UK, North America

and Scandinavia, the largest non-associated
dealership group to adopt the platform so

far. We are excited to be working with these
leading retailers, and this has meant that we
have already achieved the target set out at our
Capital Markets Event in October 2024, to sign
two more of the UK's Top 20 retailers in 2025.

{As further laid out at the Capital Markets
Event, we are focusing our growth ona
number of key geographies around the world.
‘As well as expanding our UK customer base,
we are committed to maximising growth in
central Europe, Japan and Southeast Asia
and South Africa. We have a number of
opportunities in these areas and will look to
capitalise on them during 2025.

At the same time, we will continue to develop
our system in readiness for roll-out into the
key North American market. I have been
pleased with the progress we have made in
the last year in both developing relationships
and beginning integration work with Key

o7

2
a
é

2.
2
3

3
4

g
:
a
ze
North American OEMs and other third party 3
‘layered app’ providers. We remain confident ad
that we are on course to pilot the Pinewood
system in Lithio’s US stores in the second half
of 2025, with a view to beginning the full
rollout into North America in 2026. In addition, zn
Pinewood is exploring options to potentially a
assume majority control of the ‘joint venture’ 3
to significantly enhance its value proposition &
to other North American dealers. g
In March 2025 we completed the acquisition z
of Seez, a leading Al and Machine Learning 2

automotive company which offers a wide
range of products including Al chatbots.
Historically, Pinewood has developed all
technology in-house, but the acquisition was
‘a. compelling opportunity on many levels.

The opportunity in Al automotive technology
is enormous and the acquisition of Seez

gives us scale and technical capabilities that
would have taken many years and significant
investment to develop. We have already begun
integrating Seez’s technology into Pinewood's
infrastructure following our initial strategic
investment in September 2024, and therefore
expect full integration to be straightforward.
We think this is o key moment for Pinewood
and will act as a springboard for us to cement
our position as a market leader globally. The
significantly oversubscribed equity raise that
funded the Seez acquisition was an important
vote of confidence from both existing and
new shareholders in our strategy and the
opportunity t

---

ned on cash held prior to a special dividend payment

and £0.5m of loss from the Group's share of the result from the

‘joint venture’ (Pinewood North America, LLC).

Group net assets were £39.0m at 31 December 2024 (31-Jan-2024:
£360.4m), with the main balances being a £9.6m investment in
associate (31-Jan-2024: Enil), £16.3m of capitalised software
intangibles (31-Jan-2024: £13.8m), £21.4m of trade and other
receivables (31-Jan-2025: £421.8m), £9.3m of cash (31-Jan-2024:
£47.4m), £11.0m of trade and other payables (31-Jan-2024: £23.0m)
and £7.6m of deferred income (31-Jan-2024: £6.5m).

Cash at the start of FY24 was £47.4m and the main movements

to arrive at the £9.3m at the end of FY24 were £395.4m received
from Lithia for the sale of the ex-Pendragon dealerships and leasing
business, a £93.0m loan repayment, £30.0m from issuing share capital
and a £358.4m special dividend paid to shareholders. The software
intangible increased during the period as more development work

was capitalised.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24 3
Operating review

Strong financial

Revenue and gross profit include intercompany amounts.

£m HIFY24 — H2FY24 FY26  HIFY23—-H2FY23 FY23 Change
Revenue including intercompany amounts! 161 151 32 WS 5 32.0 (2.5%)
Gross Profit including intercompany amounts! 45 BI 28.2 12.9 15.6 28.5 (1.1%)
Gross margin rate 90.1% 90.7% 90.4% 89.0% 89.1% 89.1% 1.3%
Underlying Administrative Expenses (10.5) (9.3) 09.8) (8.3) 90.2) 08.5) 7.0%
Undertying Operating Profit? 4.0 44 84 46 5.4 10.0 (16.0%)

1 This isan Alternative Performance Measure (APM) - see page 77

Note: FY24 is an Tl month period ended 31 December 2024 and FY23is.« 13 month period ended 31 January 2024, HI FY24is the 6 month period ended 31 July 2024 and HI FY25 is the 6 month

period ended 30 June 2023.

There was no intercompany revenve, gross profit or underlying
administrative expenses in FY24. Some of the key financials for FY23
can be seen below:

Contribution
Intercompany from external
£m Contribution

Group
customers Total
Revenue including

intercompany amounts" 75 24.5 32.0
Gross Profit including

intercompany amounts" 67 218 28.5
Underlying administrative

‘expenses including

intercompany amounts’ (2.4) (16.1) (18.5)

1 Unaudited

Pinewood is a software business that provides an automotive retail
ecosystem in the UK and 20 other countries worldwide. Pinewood
provides Software as a Service (SaaS) with the majority of revenue
being recurring.

The automotive system market for Franchised Motor Dealers is
estimated to be worth at least £100 million in the UK. Two providers
dominate the UK market, one of which is Pinewood. The global
automotive system market is highly fragmented with over 50 different
providers within Europe alone. In North America, the market for what
are called Dealer Management Systems (DMS) is £2.4 billion. In addition
in North America, the market for complimentary add-on products such
as CRMs and service tools is worth an additional £4.1 billion. All of this
North American market is an opportunity for Pinewood.

Ollie Mann
Chief Financial Officer

Py
Fd
q
Fa

é
*
>
3

3

Hoday sso eJIG

syuawayo{s jopuDULy

Operating review continued

Pinewood’s unique approach to the market.
is characterised by:
+ asingle ecosystem
software updates
+ acloud-based solution which is highly secure and feature-rich
focus on strong manufacturer partnerships and supporting
dealer profitability; and
commitment to using the latest technology to reshape
motor retail

ich is deployed globally with continuous

Pinewood was an early adopter of the SaaS business model and
has focused on developing recurring revenve streams. Today, c.85%
of Pinewood’s revenues are on a recurring basis.

During FY24, overall user numbers increased by 2,100 users

(6.3% increase) to 35,200. 1,700 of the user increase was due to

the combined impact of the roll-out of the Pinewood system into
the (ex-Jardine Motor Group) Lithia UK stores as well as the closure.
of a number of Lithia UK stores. New customers added 700 users

in FY24 and there was net churn of 300 users in Pinewood's existing
customer base. This very low net churn of just 1.1% reflects the
‘stickiness’ of the Pinewood system.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Akey financial KPI for Pinewood is the amount of development
expenditure. In FY24 Pinewood increased its investment in the
system with £9.0m of development expenditure of which £7.4m
was capitalised (82% capitalisation rate). The main focuses for
the development team during FY24 were ‘hyperscale’ system
development to ensure the system is ready for deployment in
North America, working on a new customer user interface which
will be launched in FY25 and ongoing investment in platform
architecture and security. Other key financial KPls are Underlying
Operating Profit, Underlying Profit Before Tax and Underlying
EBITDA. Akey non-financial KPI used by the Group is the number
‘of employees in the development and product teams. At the

end of FY24, there were 172 employees in the development and
product teams, compared to 137 employees in the development
and product teams at the end of FY23.

The five year contract signed in October 2024 with Marshall Motor
Group to implement Pinewood systems into their stores was a
highly significant moment for Pinewood, with Marshalls being

one of the leading automotive retailers in the United Kingdom.
Their scale, with ¢:120 dealerships as well as the other businesses
in their wider Group including cinch, BCA and webuyanycar

make them a unique and valued customer. The contract

represents the first non-associated major dealership group in

the UK to adopt the Pinewood product suite following the recent
Lithia UK implementation.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Hodey 2162}0445

s.172 statement

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Statement By The Directors in Performance Of Their Statutory Duties in Accordance with s.172(1) Companies Act 2006
The Board of directors of Pinewood Technologies Group PLC confirm that during the period under review, it has acted to promote the long term
success of the company for the benefit of all shareholders, whilst having regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a)-(f) of the Companies Act
2006 in the decisions taken during the period ended 31 December 2024, further detail of which is set out below and which are incorporated into

others parts of the Strategic Report.

How we engage

Customers

with our customers in a variefy of

ntinval feedback

from both new and existing

ements to the

Associate

---

ual's needs where possible.

Pinewood remains committed to safeguarding
our team members futures by investing in robust
pension schemes and insured benefits that
provide security for health-related matters.

This year, we have further enhanced our
offering by launching a Group Share Incentive
Plan (SIP) with o generous 1:1 company share
match, empowering our team members to
invest in their future while sharing in our
collective success.

Our Development

Our training and development programmes
support both our team members needs and
the requirements of the wider business.
Combining online modules with virtual and
in-person classroom experiences.

These blended learning solutions are
designed to meet regulatory and statutory
requirements, safeguarding both our team
members and customers from potential risks.

Te drive growth and success, we systematically
plan and deliver training while identifying
individual and organisational development
needs through regular performance
check-ins, ensuring everyone at Pinewood

is equipped to thrive.

Our Engagement

We have recently completed an extensive series
of workshops to establish a baseline for our
current corporate culture and team members
engagement. This foundation will enable us in
FY25 to refine and restructure our engagement
channels, preserving the strengths and
addressing areas for improvement.

These enhancements will position us to foster
a business culture that fuels continued success
and drives long-term growth.

Financial Statements

Pinewood Technologie p PLE Annual Reps

Risk Overview and Management

Optimising risk strategies
in automotive retail.

Proactive risk management:
staying ahead of the curve

Principal risks The table on pages 34 to 35is an overview
of the principal risks fac! the Group.

Acknowledging that all businesses involve f the principal risks faced by the Group
with corresponding controls and mitigating

factors. The risks outlined are not meant to

be an exhaustive list of all potential risks and

inherent risks, the Board adopts a proactive
approach te continuously identify and review
isks that could lead to significant deviations
hotter Gctucl erat expected fetore ty " uncertainties, In 2024, comprehensive risk
ween actual and expected future Group ee ohctod ath full company
results, The Board remains committed to reviews were conducted with full company
conducting thorough assessments of the
Group's emerging and key risks. ensuring These risk factors should be considered
alignment with our strategic goals and overal alongside the Group's risk management
business objectives. system, as detailed below and in the
Corporate Governance Report on poge 45.

wide involvement by the Risk Control Group.

Risk heat map

@ Information and cyber security

@ People
© Customer and sales partners

@ Execution and scalability
@ Technology and information systems

© Competition and market changes

@ Micro-economic, political and environmental

© Business resilience and compliance

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Risk Management and

Internal Controls

Accountability

The Board is accountable for overseeing risk
management and internal controls to ensure
the Group's objectives are achieved,

The control system established by the Board
addresses both financial reporting and the
mitigation of business and operational risks.
Designed to manage rather than eliminate
risks, this system offers reasonable assurance,
but not absolute certainty, against material
misstatement or loss.

Board

Financial Reporting

The executive directors lead the preparation
of the Group's annual corporate plan,
which is then reviewed and approved by
the Board. Performance is monitored
monthly to track progress against the plan,
and revised forecasts are presented for
Board approval as needed throughout the
year. To ensure compliance with relevant
accounting policies, internal reporting data
is thoroughly reviewed.

‘These reviews focus on the application of
IFRS and the integrity of the Group's financial
control systems. Designed to provide accurate
and reliable reporting, these controls ensure

a true and fair representation of the Group's
financial position.

Strategy and
business objectives
Strategic risks
Financial risks
Operational risks
Compliance risks
Environmental risks

Impieme™
Control action>

Operctional and Other Risks
Operational management is empowered

by the Board to identify and assess risks
faced by the Group's businesses daily,

with support from the Risk Control Group
(RCG). Risk evaluations are conducted
through both top-down and bottom-up
approaches. The contents of the risk
registers are regularly reviewed and
discussed with senior management and
within our governance committees to ensure
comprehensive oversight.

The approach to risk control and the work of
the RCG are described on page 42. The Group
remains committed to the principles of the
three lines of assurance model. In addition

to management's core responsibilities, we
deploy specialised second-line support and
oversight for key risks through dedicated
feams, including Finance & Insurance and
Health & Safety, ensuring comprehensive

risk management.

SdaID ssaulsna
Pup suapoet

2
a
3

a
2
2

3
g

Hoday s30}22114

syuewe4o4s |OOUDULA

Risk Overview and Management continued

No. Principal risks,

Impact before mitigation

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY24

Mitigation

@ Information and cyber security

FY24 - Nochange in risk

+ Failure to deliver or maintain robust
cyber security credentials throughout
‘our Deolership Management System
(DMS) services.

+ Fallure to protect our software assets from
security threats and vulnerobilities.
+ Failure of Third-Party Hosting Service.

+ Failure to comply with legal or regulatory
requirements relating to data security
‘or data privacy in the course of our
business activities.

+ This could impact our customers’ ability
to efficiently operate their dealerships,
resulting in potential data loss, diminished
competitive advantage, and exposure fo
regulatory scrutiny, which could lead to fines
and penalties.

+ This could result in intellectual property
‘theft, system sabotage, data loss, or misuse,
potentially causing significant reputational
damage. Additionally, regulatory penaities,
including fines and criminal sanctions, may
bbe imposed, leading to business disruption
and impairing our ability to serve customers.
‘These factors could materially impact our
financial performance.

+ The business actively monitors cybersecurity
threats, leveraging robust systems and
streamlined processes to swifity detect, r