PINEWOOD TECHNOLOGIES GROUP PLC

FY23 ANNUAL REPORT

Registered Company Number: 02304195

*AD88AGGI*

A03. 27/07/2024 #43
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC

FY23 ANNUAL REPORT

ya

IN THIS REPORT

2 1 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23

STRATEGIC REVIEW

Chairman's Statement
CEO's Review

Group Financial Summary
$172 Statement

Business Overview
Business Profiles

Life at Pinewood

OPERATION: IND FINANCIAL REVIEW ~

15
7
18
27

Business Review

Financial Review

Risk Overview and Management
Viability Statement

DIRECTORS REPORT

29
30
37
38
42
44
48
50
51
62

Environment, Social and Governance Report
Environmental Report

Social Report

Corporate Governance Report

Board of Directors

Audit Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report
Remuneration Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report

Directors’ Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

66

67

76
77
78
79
80
81

‘Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in Respect of the
Annual Report and the Financial Statements

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Pinewood
Technologies Group PLC

Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements

146 Company Balance Sheet

147 Company Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
148 Company Statement of Changes in Equity

149 Notes to the Financial Statements of the Company
158 Advisors, Banks and Shareholder Information

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23.

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

lan Filby, Chairman

"We are very pleased to be reporting the first set of financial
results for Pinewood following the successful sale of
Pendragon’s UK Motor and Leasing divisions to Lithia

Motors. Pinewood is a leading provider of cloud-based Dealer
Management Software and we have made positive progress
during the year to build on this market position. We have
continued to expand our customer base while sustaining high
levels of customer retention, which is reflected in a net user
churn rate of c.2%. This contributed to strong growth in revenue
and profit in the period.

We are excited by the opportunity that lies ahead for Pinewood
as a Standalone business. Following the transaction with

Lithia, the business is in a robust financial position and is well
positioned for growth through product innovation, user growth
in existing territories and accessing the North American market
in partnership with Lithia through a joint venture agreement.

We are confident in the quality of our products and our market
proposition, and we are looking forward to making further
progress in the year ahead."

Following the announcement on 30 June 2023 of lan Filby's decision to stand down as non-executive chairman, the Board has not yet appointed
a successor, primarily due to the process of disposing of the UK Motor and leasing divisions, which took priority in the second half of 2023 and
in early 2024 and hence lan has continued in his role as Chairman

4 1 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23

CEO'S REVIEW

‘A comprehensive strategic review was completed by the Board and
its advisors during FY23 in order to unlock the potential in the Group's
share price and to return value to the Group’s shareholders and other
stakeholders. This review resulted in the disposal of the UK Motor and
Leasing segments, together with the debt and pension liabilities of the
Group, which culminated in a fantastic deal for our shareholders. The
transformation strategy which enables Pinewood to become a pure-
play SaaS business, is an incredibly exciting prospect. Pinewood was
bought by Pendragon in 1998 and, under our ownership, has steadily
grown to become a profitable, high margin business and, importantly,
we have developed a product that is market-leading, not just in the UK,
but globally.

The fact that Pinewood has a genuine cloud-based automotive
retail system sets it apart from the vast majority of its competitors
and means that the work done by our development team can be
continuously rolled out across our customer base in 21 countries, with
no disruption to our customers. This has enabled rapid international
expansion of our universal core product, providing the same solution
whatever the location. Our levels of functionality are significantly
higher than most of the current automotive retail system providers,
both at an individual store level but also at a Group management level,
enabling larger Groups to achieve additional control and efficiency
savings.

Although Pinewood was established c.40 years ago, we are treating
this next phase of Pinewood’s expansion similar to that of a start-up.
‘The removal of barriers to accessing large parts of the UK customer
base that existed under Pendragon’s ownership will facilitate rapid
growth in the UK as well as accelerating our international expansion.

Our international growth has historically been driven by two main
routes. Firstly, through our sales teams, who have enabled us to
reach a significant number of new countries in the last few years.
Secondly, through our manufacturer partners which we have very
strong relationships with. In a number of countries, manufacturers
have mandated Pinewood:as the system of choice, where all retailers
in a particular brand have to have the Pinewood system installed.

On top of this, we have an exciting new driver of growth through
our strategic partnership with Lithia and we are looking forward to
installing our system across their network in the US and UK. Initially,
the key pieces of work relating to expanding in the US are focused
on integrations with manufacturer systems and other third party
‘layered apps’ that are widely used in the US market. The development
work will be done by our UK-based development team. Once we are
in a position to test in the US, it is likely we will run the Pinewood
system in parallel with current systems in pilot locations before
starting a full rollout across Lithia's US stores. Given the relatively
early stage of development, exact timings have not been confirmed,
although we are aiming to be testing in pilot locations in H1 FY25.

Finally, the past and future success of the Group is strongly linked
to the outstanding Pinewood team. The development team have
built a world-class product that is continually evolving and enabling
dealerships to thrive in an ever-changing auto retail landscape.
In addition to this, the sales teams have worked tirelessly to
expand the business while being supported by the back-office and
admin teams. The low team turnover is testament to a dynamic
environment and a world class product and we look forward
to growing the team as we expand both in the UK and abroad.

Bill Berman
CEO

25 April 2024

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23 |

GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

13m period
Continuing |} Discontinued ended 31 Continuing |} Discontinued
operations operations January operations |} operations
2024
Revenue 24.5 4318.0 4342.5 19.1 3,600.9 3,620.0
Gross Profit 218 485.4 507.2 17.1 440.1 457.2
Operating Profit before other income 10.0 105.8 115.8 7.0 . 86.3 93.3
Other income - profit on the sale of
businesses and property, plant and - 418 418 - 77 77
equipment
Operating Profit 10.0 147.6 157.6 7.0 94.0 101.0
Interest (0.1) (65.7) (65.8) - (438) (43.8)
Profit Before Tax 9.9 81.9 918 70. 50.2 57.2

‘The breakdown of continuing operations operating profit is as follows:

[en
13m period ended 31 January 2024 Year ended 31 December 2022

Pinewood Core Business’ 138 11.0
PLC Costs (2.8) (2.5)
Legacy US Motor Business . (1.0) (1.5)

[croup Total 10.0 7.0

1 Previously reported as Pinewood segment

Pro-forma Comparative Information - Continuing Operations

13m period ended 31 13m per ended 31
January 2024 (FY23) January 2023 ‘% Change
32.0 277

(em)

Revenue, including intercompany
revenue’ 15.5%
EBITDA? 15.6 12.4 25.8%
EBITDA Margin (%)* 48.8% 44.8% 4.0%

989]

1 Revenue includes intercompany amounts
2 This is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), see section 1 of financial statements

On 31 January 2024, the UK Motor and Leasing segments, together with related central support functions, were disposed of to Lithia Motors,
Inc. for £377.5m. As a result, these segments have been presented as discontinued operations. The revenue and gross profit from discontinued
operations in the period was £4,318.0m (FY22: £3,600.9m) and £485.4m (FY22: £440.1m) respectively. The operating profit from discontinued
operations, which included the profit on disposal of businesses and property, plant and equipment, was £147.6m (FY22: £94.0m).

The UK Motor and Leasing segments that were disposed of, were trading broadly in line with management expectations for the 13 month period
prior to the sale to Lithia Motors, Inc.

The sale to Lithia Motors, Inc. resulted in a profit on disposal of £40.7m. Consideration was received in cash on 1 February 2024. As announced
‘on 5 April 2024, the Group proposes to pay a special dividend to shareholders of 24.5p per share on 7 May 2024.

1 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23.

CONTINUING OPERATIONS FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (FY23 WAS
A13 MONTH PERIOD, FY22 WAS A 12 MONTH PERIOD)

+ Statutory revenue up 28.3% to £24.5m (FY22: £19.1m).

Revenue including intercompany revenue’ up 26.0% to £32.0m
(F¥22: £25.4m), driven by both inflation-linked price increases and
an increase in international users.

Statutory gross profit up 27.5% to £21.8m (FY22: £17.1m).

Gross profit including intercompany gross profit' up 25.6% to £28.5m
(FY22: £22.7m).

Core Business operating profit’ up 25.5% to £13.8m (FY22: £11.0m).

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
+ Total users increased by 4% to 33,100.
+ Strong global expansion continuing:

+ Record high international users at c.7,000, up 9%.

+ New implementations in Denmark and Luxembourg.

+ Expansion of the direct sales model in Asia Pacific.
+ Continued high levels of customer retention with net user churn of
¢.2%, as the rate at which existing customers increased users was
nearly sufficient to offset gross churn.
Pinewood continues to build a strong partnership with Volkswagen
AG and Porsche, which led to initial user implementations with large
international dealer groups in both the European and the Asia Pacific
market.

“This

STRATEGY

+ Transformation into a pure-play Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Group
following the sale of the UK Motor and Leasing divisions

Materially enhanced opportunity for growth following creation of
standalone SaaS business

Entered into a strategic partnership with Lithia Motors Inc, post
period-end, creating access to the North American Market, through a
£10m Joint Venture investment

We are looking forward to rolling out our system across the Lithia
network in both the UK and US.

Pinewood continued to demonstrate its growth potential, with further
growth in both user numbers and expansion into new geographies
Post period end, the Group announced a £358m return of capital to
shareholders, by way of a special dividend of 24.5p.

Pinewood will host a Capital Markets Day in October 2024, with more
details to be provided in due course

OUTLOOK

+ We have had a good start to FY24 and although the broader macro-
economic environment remains challenging, particularly in the UK,
we do not envisage these as having a material impact on trading
Our order bank of new customers remains strong and we are in
discussions with a number of potential new customers both in the
UK and internationally

Whilst it remains early into the new financial year, the Board is
confident in the prospects for the Group and expects FY24 to be in
line with current market expectations.

an Alternative Performance Measure. See page 15 and note 23 in the financial statements.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23. |

$172 STATEMENT

‘STATEMENT BY THE DIRECTORS IN PERFORMANCE OF THEIR STATUTORY
DUTIES

---

tegic partnership with Lithia Motors Inc, post
period-end, creating access to the North American Market, through a
£10m Joint Venture investment

We are looking forward to rolling out our system across the Lithia
network in both the UK and US.

Pinewood continued to demonstrate its growth potential, with further
growth in both user numbers and expansion into new geographies
Post period end, the Group announced a £358m return of capital to
shareholders, by way of a special dividend of 24.5p.

Pinewood will host a Capital Markets Day in October 2024, with more
details to be provided in due course

OUTLOOK

+ We have had a good start to FY24 and although the broader macro-
economic environment remains challenging, particularly in the UK,
we do not envisage these as having a material impact on trading
Our order bank of new customers remains strong and we are in
discussions with a number of potential new customers both in the
UK and internationally

Whilst it remains early into the new financial year, the Board is
confident in the prospects for the Group and expects FY24 to be in
line with current market expectations.

an Alternative Performance Measure. See page 15 and note 23 in the financial statements.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23. |

$172 STATEMENT

‘STATEMENT BY THE DIRECTORS IN PERFORMANCE OF THEIR STATUTORY
DUTIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH $172(1) COMPANIES ACT 2006

The board of directors of Pinewood Technologies Group PLC (formerly Pendragon PLC) confirm that during the period under review, it has acted
to promote the long term success of the Company for the benefit of all shareholders, whilst having regard to the matters set out in section
172(1)(a)-(f) of the Companies Act 2006 in the decisions taken during the period ended 31 January 2024, further detail of which is set out below
and which are incorporated into the Strategic Report.

HOW WHY WHAT MATTERS: WHAT DID WE DO
WE ENGAGE WE ENGAGE TO THIS GROUP AS A RESULT
CUSTOMERS
We continue to engage with our customers Our purpose is to deliver + Uninterrupted access to + Improving the Pinewood
ina variety of ways, including:- a market-leading Dealer ‘our system system by listening to
Management System to all + Use of a market leading customers
Seeking continual feedback from both new _of our customers system + Ensuring that our
and existing customers + Having a relationship with development team
us where they are listened updates the system on
Listening to any suggested enhancements to a regular basis, often
to the Pinewood system several times a week
ASSOCIATES
We listen carefully to the views of all of We wish to continuetobea + Fair employment + We regularly review
‘our employees through regular employee responsible employer, both «Fair pay and benefits associate pay and
surveys in terms of continuing to + Tackling our gender pay conditions
ensure the health, safety and gap + We continue to enhance
wellbeing of our employees + Diversity and inclusion the range of benefits
and also ensuring we + Training, development and _ available to associates
maintain a responsible career opportunities
approach to the pay and + Health and safety
benefits our employees + Responsible use of
receive. personal data
‘SUPPLIERS

Regular meetings and updates with all key _Alll our suppliers must be Fair trading and payment + We surveyed all key

suppliers with management able to demonstrate that terms suppliers for adherence to
they take appropriate action - Anti-Bribery anti-slavery standards.

Supplier payment terms reported and to prevent involvement in + Anti-Modern Slavery

published modern slavery, corruption, - Operational improvement

bribery and breaches of
competition law

8 1 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23,

HOw WHY WHAT MATTERS WHAT DID WE DO
WE ENGAGE WE ENGAGE TO THIS GROUP AS A RESULT
COMMUNITY
Regular involvement in charity appeals We generate community + Charitable donations and + We continued other charitable
: involvement through local support; activities where possible
engagement, contributing + Employment opportunities;
to local areas ina variety + Volunteering;

of ways.

Fair tax policy

ENVIRONMENT

Over the last 3 years, we have re-
evaluated seriously our responsibilities
to our customers, investors,
associates, suppliers and the public in
terms of how our activities impact the
natural environment.

We continue to regularly review our
environment policy.

We acknowledge the
responsibility we have to
protect the environment
and to minimise the
environmental impact of
our activities.

Minimising atmospheric
emissions, commercial
and industrial waste
Minimising energy
wastage

Complying with statutory
frequirements relating to
environmental matters
Ensuring environmental
priorities are accounted for
appropriately in planning
and decision making

Operate an obsolete asset
disposal policy

Minimise and where possible,
eliminating pollution

We continue to reduce
incidences of energy wastage
wherever possible, as reported
in our Environment, Social and
Governance Report at page 30
of this Annual Report

‘SHAREHOLDERS AND POTENTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

Annual Report and Accounts

Corporate website

} AGM

Results announcements and
presentation

Shareholder and analyst meeting with
management, followed by feedback
from brokers and financial PR
consultants

Engagement via the Directors and
Company Secretary

We work to ensure our
shareholders and their
representatives have a
good understanding of
our strategy and business
model

+ Long term value creation
Fair and equal treatment
Growth opportunity
Financial stability
‘Transparency

To share in the success of
our business

Dividends

The chief executive officer and
chief financal officer report
back to the Board after the
investor roadshows

The Group's brokers and
financial advisors provide
detailed feedback after full and
half year announcements and
investor roadshows to inform
the Board about investor views
The non-executive chairman
and senior independent
director are available to
shareholders and respond

on matters relating to their
responsibilities where
requested

We continue to consult with all
major shareholders in relation
to our remuneration policy

We will engage with
shareholders in the future
about when to resume
dividends

t

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

‘SOFTWARE - PINEWOOD

Described above as ‘Pinewood Core Business’. Licencing of Software as a Service to global automotive business users.

Personalised video to customers Online payments

Integrated website solution for online buying Integrated website solution for se

---

ry 2024. The
Group intends to pay a special dividend to shareholders of 24.5p per
share in the second quarter of 2024.

PENSION

Following the sale of the UK Motor and Leasing divisions to Lithia
Motors, Inc on 31 January 2024, all of the Group's pension obligations
and liabilities have been assumed by Lithia.

REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY (RCF)
The Group has a £10m RCF which matures in February 2027. This
facility was arranged post period end in February 2024.

LEASING - PENDRAGON VEHICLE MANAGEMENT
Following the sale of the Leasing division to Lithia Motors, Inc on 31
January 2024, the Leasing segment is now a discontinued operation.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23. I

7

18

RISK OVERVIEW AND MANAGEMENT

PRINCIPAL RISKS

Recognising that all businesses entail elements of risk, the Board
maintains a policy of continuous identification and review of risks
which may cause our actual future Group results to differ materially
from expected results. The Board continues to carry out robust
assessments of the Group's emerging and principal risks in relation
to its strategy and overall business objectives. The table on pages 20
to 26 is an overview of the principal risks faced by the Group, with
corresponding controls and mitigating factors. The specific risks
are not intended to represent an exhaustive list of all potential risks

1 Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23

and uncertainties. Thorough risk reviews, involving company-wide
participation, have been completed in 2023 by the Risk Control Group.
Following the disposal of the UK Motor and Leasing divisions to Lithia
Motors, Inc., the Group now has a different set of principal risks which
can be seen below.

The risk factors outlined below should be considered in conjunction
with the Group's system for managing risk, described below and in the
Corporate Governance Report on page 38.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

‘Accountability

The Board is responsible for risk management and internal control
within the context of achieving the Group's objectives. The system of
control the Board has established covers both the Group's financial
reporting and the mitigation of business and operational risks. The
system is designed to manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure
to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

Financial Reporting

The executive directors oversee the preparation of the Group's annual
corporate plan; the Board reviews and approves it and monitors actual
performance against it on a monthly basis. Where appropriate, during
the year, revised forecasts are prepared and presented for Board
review and approval. To ensure that information to be consolidated
into the Group's financial statements is in compliance with relevant
accounting policies, internal reporting data is comprehensively
reviewed. Reviews of the appropriateness of Group accounting
policies take place at least twice a year, under the scrutiny of the Audit
Committee, which considers reports on this from the Group's Auditor,
the application of IFRS and the reliability of the Group's system of
contro! of financial information. Controls are designed to ensure that
the Group's financial reporting presents a true and fair reflection of the
Group's financial position.

auvog

<<
=>

STRATEGIC RISKS
FINANCIAL RISKS
OPERATIONAL RISKS
COMPLIANCE RISKS

IMPLEMENT
ContRoL acTIONS

Operational and Other Risks

Operational management is charged by the Board with responsibility
for identifying and evaluating risks faced by the Group's businesses
on a day-to-day basis and is supported by the Risk Control Group
(RCG). Risks are reviewed as a top down and bottom up activity. The
content of the risk registers is considered and discussed regularly
through discussion with senior management and review within our
governance committees.

The approach to risk control and the work of the RCG are described
on page 40

The Group continues to follow the principles of the three lines
assurance model and in addition to the responsibilities of
management, the Group deploys specialist second line support and
oversight for certain principal risks through dedicated teams including
Finance & Insurance and Health & Safety.

Sv3uv SSANISN@
3. SYa0V31

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY23. I

19

20

RISK OVERVIEW AND MANAGEMENT

NO. PRINCIPAL RISKS

IMPACT BEFORE MITIGATION MITIGATION

| INFORMATION AND CYBER SECURITY

Failure to deliver or maintain robust
cyber security credentials throughout
our Dealership Management System
(DMS) services

Failure to protect our software
assets from security threats and
vulnerabilities

Failure of Third-Party Hosting Service

Failure to comply with legal or
regulatory requirements relating to
data security or data privacy in the
course of our business activities

+ This could lead to our customers being
unable to operate their dealerships
effectively, loss of information and
competitive advantage and potential
regulator action resulting in fines and
penalties

This could lead to theft of intellectual
property, system sabotage, data loss

or misuse, and have a significant effect

on our reputation. Fines and criminal
penalties could be imposed and disruption
to business operations and our ability to
serve customers. Financial results could
be adversely affected

+ The business monitors cyber security
threats and has systems and processes
in place to deal with incidents relating
to the services they provide. This is
demonstrated through the ISO27001
certification.

+ We have cyber liability insurance in
place, that includes Cyber Incident
Response Centre, providing access to
expertise to assist during a crisis.

PEOPLE

Failure to retain key personnel or
recruit the necessary additional talent
to deliver our strategic ambitions

This could lead to an inability to deliver our
business strategy at the required pace and
quality

+ We could miss our financial targets and
adversely affect our customers owing to
poor service, including development delays
Loss of key personnel would impact our
development pipeline, our product quality,
and relationships with customer and key
brand partners

Colleague engagement and wellbeing
deteriorates due to people resources being
‘stretched

Dedicated HR Team who continuously
monitor employee satisfaction through
both quantitative and qualitative
measures.

Talent Management & Recruitment
programme.

‘The Pinewood Academy ensures
skills are attained prior to joining

the company. Pinewood Academy
graduates have a