sites

*AB75MTIB*
A16 #5

29/06/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

vom.

IN THIS REPORT

2 1 Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

STRATEGIC REVIEW

Chairman's Statement
Chief Executive Officer
Business Segments
Financial Summary
Operational and Financial Highlights
Performance Indicators

s172 Statement

Business Profiles

Life at Pendragon

Industry Insight

tement

OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

25
36
42
53

Business Review

Financial Review

Risk Overview and Management
Viability Statement

DIRECTORS REPORT

55
GG
68
74
76
77
7

Environment, Social and Governance Report

Board of Directors

Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report
Remunoratinn Cammittes Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Directors’ Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

95 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in Respect
of the Annual Report and the Financial Statements

96 Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of
Pendragon PLC

106 Consolidated Income Statement

107 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

108 Consolidated Statement ot Changes in Equity

109 Consolidated Balance Sheet

NNO Consolidated Cash Flow Statement:

111 Reconciliation of Net Cash Flow to Movement in
Adjusted Net Debt

N2 Notes to the Financial Staternents

189 Company Balance sheet

190 Company Statement of Other Comprehensive Income

191 Company Statement of Changes in Equity

192 Motes to the Financial Statements of the Company

201 Advisors, Banks and Shareholder Information

2025 Year Group Review

Pendragon PLC Annual Report 20211

“CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT. =

© =

lan Filby, Non-Executive Chairman

Since jaining the Company as non-executive chairman in November 2021, | am delighted to
be able to report a record underlying profit before tax of £83.0m, reflective of the positive
contributions made by all parts of our business. Our associates have clearly played a vital
role in our success, and | would like to thank them for their energy and input as we continue
to implement and deliver our strategy: meme . “vn :

Effective and strong governance remains a prerequisite to success for all our stakeholders.
The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company, and, lead
by me as Chairman, continues to perform the roleof strateyic leadership, setting corporate
goals and overseeing the management of risk through regular discussion and debates. |
am pleased to report that the Company already operates to professional governance
standards, and | aim to maintain, innovate and enhance these where necessary to further
aid. the effective implementation of our strategic objectives: For further information on
governance, please see our Governance Report at page 63.

The Group remains focused on implementing and delivering our strategic objectives of (i)
unlocking value in’ franchised UK motor; (ii) growing and diversifying Pinewood and (iii)
disrupting UK used car sales, and as non-executive chairman, it is my intention to drive
implementation and ensure their successful delivery.

| do not underestimate that the next year will remain challenging; the recent onset of wai-in
The Ukraine is already affecting the supply of components for new vehicles, in addition to
the microchip shortage, impacting global supply chains. However, | am confident that with
a well developed and focussed strategy, and our continued ability to innovate, the Group

is already well placed to adapt and seek out opportunities in an increasingly fast changing
retail environment. | am looking forward to working with our strong executive and non-
executive team over the coming months as we continue to build our business and deliver
against our strategy. .

! Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

7

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STATEMENT

“hee

Bill Berman, Chief Executive Officer higher purchase conversion rates. In addition, we introduced
an enhanced range of used vehicle guarantee products, using

|_am delighted with the performance across each of~our data-analytics*lo introduce new multitprice point products
husiness.divisions during FY21»which resulted in record levels"™'varying’on vehicle''age ‘atid’ mileage, deVeloped self-service
of Group underlying profit before tax. The excellent work payment options for aftersales customers and reviewed
that-our teams -have-delivered to adapt our’ digital ‘channels’ ~“our“‘altérsales’“priciig: “These ‘initiatives, alongside supply
and.effect changes to. our-proposition helped:us accornplish a“ dynamic¢s; have"Underpinnéd our strong margin performance
strong.FY21 and position.us well-going forward. ~-during FY21. .In’addition’to delivering thése changes, our
team have identified a strong pipeline of initiatives that will be

Whilst challenges -as..a resultof theCovid-19 pandemic “introduced in’ FY22.

remained: prevalont:in FY 21, in-particular the impact’of' the full
lockdown. for over.100.days at the start of the year,-our digital’ Our software*business has enabled many’ of the technology
capabilitics- mcant«we were able to’trade ‘with*confidence *” lmproveniénts “required” to” deliver these initiatives, and
despite the uncertainty. Our teams have put in significant remains a key advantage for the Group in order to facilitate
efforts to continuously upgradeour digital capabilities © and'to maintain a high pace of change. Pinewood’s product
throughout the year, capabilities that demonstrated the. developments, will also. enable,.our.future. initiative
strengthnofman- effective hybridchannel “offering*“allawing””"Griliancenients” to our Venicie acquisition "and mai
our associates to engage and transact with customers both platform and will provide the technology for our revised
physically»and digitally and-to ultimately be ableto fulfil used ‘carpropositidn. Pbinéwood has also demonstrated its
demand through a cambination<of full store: experiences, reputation as’a‘leading*DMS prévider through its award of
home delivery.options and-click and.collect, am certified slatus ‘with BMW; one*6t' only two “global” partners
: tO"SUpport BMW's retail integration strategy. Pinewood
We have worked hard to improve our-digital capabilitics, but---~has also-notablystrengthened its partnership’ with Renault
it remains.our belief,.re-enforced with customer research and~-and achieved certification inthe UK and Ireland. Pinewood
surveys.that we conducted. during the-year, and evidenced remained» focussed™or ils™core objéctive to™ grow ‘users,
by, consumer, behaviour. post, lock-downs, thatyaround 90%... adding, 24% toxits international user-base"desplte restrictive
of consumers want some-form of-physical interaction™in.”travel;conditions:
their purchasing jatimey, whether .this.be in. viewing, .test- ;
driving. and inspecting the car or when they ultimately take
ownership. Our.focus therefore continues to be on-providing
our. customers with, a true.omni-channel proposition «across
our business, developing our offering to allow seamless
transition:-between physical and digital channels:

GROUP STRATEGY
Late in 2020 we launched our plan to

«transform automotive retail through digital innovation
and operational excellence,

|am.hugely encouraged with-the progress we made during «—|
FY21; witlalarge numberof new inktiatives'deliveréd inorder
to:

1... Unlock value in.the franchised UK motor division

2. Grow.and diversify Pinewood -

3.. Disrupt standalone used cars~

In-the UK motor-division, we-successfully ‘launched a number"
Of new initiatives which are Covered in more detail inthe
UK’ molor business review section of this report, but include
significant enhancements to digital functionality such as online
payments, new modules developed by Pinewood to improve
consistency in our sales processes and improvements to our
vehicle valuation tools to drive more efficient purchasing and

Pendragon PLC Annual! Report 2021 I

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STATEMENT

Finally, we launched a re-branded CarStore proposition to the
market late in 2021, with a refreshed brand identity and, as
importantly, a new, fully transactional website, incorporating
Pinewood’s best in class functionality. These changes are
supported by a new inslore operaling model. The result is
a highly differentiated proposition which successfully blends
physical and digital locations enabilng customers with the
flexibility to utilise both in-store and online channels as they
choose. We also made good progress with the first of our new
format stores, a conversion of our site in Chesterfield which,
alona with two new locations. will be completed in 2022.
During 2022, we will develop our ‘new’ used car proposition to
maximise utilisation of the Group's inventory and physical sites.

TRADING PERFORMANCE

All of the strategic improvements we have made aided us in
maximising favourable market conditions, in particular during
the second half of the year, to deliver a very strong trading
performance. The new car market was heavily constrained
by well publicised supply shortages but we outperformed
the market in the brands we represent with unit volumes
Uuwn 2.19% on & like-for-like basis compared to a represented
franchises market down 3.5%, supported by excellent gross
profit per unit (“GPU”) performance of £1,911, up £463 ycar
on year.

The used market benefited from the shortage in new cars, wilh
demand dtiviig up the price of used cars. Across UK Motor
and CarStore combined, our used car revenue was up 43%
compared to FY20 on a like-for-like basis. Volume was up
14.4% on a like-for-like basis, against a market up 11.7%. Our
focus on initiatives designed to improve GPU, combincd with
the strong market dynamics resulted in combined used GPU of
£1,675. up 43% vs FY20.

the changes we made to restructure our cost base and store
estate during the latter part of FY20 underpinned our overall
profitability in FY21. As a result of these changes we have
reduced our underlying operating costs (adjusted to remove
a combined impact of £12.2m from furlough, grants and rates

I Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

relief) by approximately £110m compared to the same period
in 2019 (down £121.0m reported), the last comparable period
before the pandemic, whilst gross profit is down just £31.4m
against FY19, despite the material reduction in the number of
sites in the UK from 209 al the start of 2019 tu 149 dl the end of
2021 and the disposal of the US assets. | am confident that this
revised cost structure positions us well for future profitabllitv.

It was particularly pleasing to see the strong financial
performance in Franchised UK Motor supported by solid
performance in both our software and leasing businesses,
both of which delivered increased operating profits. CarStore
continued its trend of improvements, delivering its first full-
year of operating profit. Finally, we successfully completed
the sale of the remaining US assets, with total proceeds of
£106m before tax now realised.

Overall, | am delighted with the progress we have made both
strategically and operationally, which have resulted in record-
breaking profitability, with the Group reporting underlying
profit before tax of £83.0m and a reported profit before tax
after non-underlying items of £73.3m.

Finally, | would like to extend my thanks to all of our associates
who have performed exceptionally during the year. | am also
delighted to welcome lan Filby to our Board as the Company's
new Non-Executive Chairman. lan brings a wealth of digital
retail expertise to our Board as well as being an experienced
Chairman and NED.

Bill Berman
Chief Executive

23 March 2022

OUTLOOK

+ Performance over the first two months of FY22 has been
good, with underlying profit in January and February ahead
of 2021. Supply constraints in both new and used cars have
continued Lo support higher gross margins. Bulli new and
used margins are expected to reduce during the course of
2022 from extraordinary levels achieved in 2021.

The shortage of new cars is expected to continue during
FY22. The Board are conscious of inflationary cost pressures
in labour and utilities in particular, which combined with the
impact of business rates reverting to full levels will result in
higher costs in FY22. We are mindful of the further impact
that the conflict in Ukraine may have on both supply and
costs.

We remain confident we have the right strategy in place and
we expect to make positive progress towards our long-term
goals this year, and expect to deliver underlying profitability
before tax in line with the Board's expectations.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

The business is organised into 5 segments, analysed as follows:

FRANCHISED
UK MOTOR
Sale and
servicing of
vehicles in

the UK

SOFTWARE
Licencing of
Software as

a Service to
global
automotive
business users

CARSTORE LEASING

Own brand Fleet and
omni-channel contract hire
proposition for provider. Source
the sale of used of used vehicle
vehicles in the supply

UK

VEHICLE
RETAILING

Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

wens ya ie tt 7

7 ca

12.1

hee : ssn syryme eae IQS

2019 2020 2019
bo £3 449.9M " £441.3M™"" ; 12:8%
REVENUE GROSS PROFIT GROSS MARGIN

2020 2019 2020
he £116.3M i £83:0M ma “§.0P =
F UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT UNDERLYING PROFIT BEFORE"TAX UNDERLYING EPS

107.6

Mad) (29.6)

|:

1 i Flivinin ibiniioron in, od
2019 2020 2021 2020 . 2021 9 2020 202)

+ £107.6M: ; £73.3M = =" £49:7M

' OPERATING PROFIT / (LOSS) PROFIT / (LOSS) BEFORE TAX ADJUSTED NET DEBT

i NOTE: -Threuiylivul.this docunwnt, Alternative Performance Measures-have. bech Used whI¢h afe non-GAAP-measures that ere présénted to pidvide readers with
additional financial information that is reqularly reviewed hy management and should not be viewed in isolation or as an alternative to the equivalent GAAP measure,
see note’ of the Financial Statements tor details:

8 ot Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Strong financial performance

Increase in Group Revenue of 18.0% to £3,449.9i (F'20,
£2,924.6m). Revenue up 27.1% on a like-for-like basis.
Record underlying profit before tax of £83.01, up 912.2%
from the previous year (TY20: £8.2m).

After non-underlying items the Group reported profit before
tax of 673.3m (FY20: loss of £29.6m).

Cost restructuring resulted in Group underlyitiy operating
expenses £121.0m lower than pre-pandemic in FY19, whilst
grass profit is down just £31.4m in the same period, driving
higher profitability.

Adjusted net debt reduced by £50.7m to £49.71, including
the repayment of £28.9m of VAT deferred from FY20.

Disciplined strategic delivery

Strong progress with strategy to “transform automotive
retail through digital innovation and operational excellence”
wilh a large Humber of new initiatives delivered across the
Group. ”
Significant progress to unlock value in UK Motor, .with
material changes to digital capabilities and operational
efficiency.

Pinewood development powering Group's digital capabilities.
CarStore relaunched With new website, full omnichannel
purchasing journey and a revised customer proposition.
Appointment ot experienced Non-Executive Chairman, lan
Filby.

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

KY FINANCIAL. MEASURES

KPI Definition 2021 Performance Change
Underlying profit after tax divided by weighted average
Underlying EPS number of shares 5.0p up 733.3%
Underlying profit before tax excludes items that are
not incurred in the normal course of business and are
012.2%
Underlying PBT tficiontly significant and/or irregular to irpact the £83.0m up a2
underlying trends in the business
Underlying . , 7 ;
\ fit ai 4 Up 1.8%
Serene Margin UNAerlving operating profit divided by revenue 3.4% p 1.8%
, Adjusted net debt : underlying EBITDA is the ratio of our
Leverage ratio adiuctod net debt to underlying EBITDA 03 down 65%
KEY STRATEGIC MEASURES
KPI Definition 2021 Performance Change
Aftersales All aftersales revenues (like-for-like) £260.7m up 18.9%
Revenue
Used Revenue All used vehicle revenues (like-tor-like)' £1,/00.5m up 43.3%
Used GPU Used gross profil divided used retail units sold £1,675 up 43.2%
New GPU New gross profit divided new rutail unils sold e1YII up 32.0% *

see section 1 of the notes to the financial statements for like-for-like reconciliations

Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

$172 STATEMENT

STATEMENT BY THE DIRECTORS IN PERFORMANCE OF THEIR STATUTORY

DUTIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH s172(1) COMPANIES ACT 2006

The board of directors of Pendragon PLC confirm that during the year under review, it has acted to promote the long, term
success of the Company for the benefit of all shareholders, whilst having regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a)-(f) of
the Companies Act 2006 in the decisions taken during-the year cnded 31 December 2021, further detail of which is set out below

and which are incorporated into the Strategic Report.

HOW. WHY ats WHAT MATTERS: WHAT DID WE DO
WE ENGAGE ‘WE ENGAGE TO THIS GROUP AS A RESULT
CUSTOMERS

We continue to engage with our
customers in a variety of ways,
including:

Measuring customer KPIs from OEM
surveys reported to management;

Management and directors continue to
visit dealerships, regularly listening to
customer feedback;

Online review of our services through
platforms such as Trust Pilot regularly
monitored by our marketing teams;

Undertaking mystery shopping
exercises periodically carried out to
provide insight into the customer
perspective and journcy

Our purpose is to
deliver a high quality,
personalised service

to all our customers
across all of our business
divisions: Franchised

UK Motor, CarStoré,
Software and Leasing

Product range, price
and quality
Convenience and
accessibility

Ease of transacting
Customer service
Responsible use of.
personal data

+ Improving and
developing the on-line
customer journey for
ease of transacting

+ Continued prioritisation
of customer safety
following reopening of
operations throughout
the Covid-19 pandemic.

ASSOCIATES:

We listen carefully to the views of our
employees across all our businesses.
In 2021, we appointed a Chief People
Officer who is further innovating

and developing our engagement
processes.

Wo continuo to operate an
independent whistleblowing helpline.
enabling employees to raise any issues:
or matters of concern in confidence

We wish to continue

to be a responsible
erpluyet, both ir

terms of continuing

to ensure the health,
safety and-wellbcing of.
our employees and also
ensuring we maintain a
responsible approach to
the pay and benefits our
employees receive.

Feit employment

Tair pay and benefits
Tackling vur-yerder
pay yap

Diversity and inclusion
Training, development
and career
opportunities

Health and safety
Responsible use uf
personal data

Ensured that associate
safety and wellbeing
was at the forefront
of all decisions taken
during the covid-19
pandemic, as reported
in our Corporate
Governance Report at
page 61 of this Annual
Report

We put in place
stringent measures

to protect employee
safety

Continued to enhance
the range of benefits
available

Recruitment and
appointment of a
diversity and equality
officer currently
underway

1 Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021

“HOW WH WHAT MATTERS WHAT DID WE DO
WE ENGAGE WE ENGAGE TO THIS-GROUP ASA RESULT
SUPPLIERS

Regular meetings and updates with

all key suppliers with executive

management, in particular our OEM

partners

Supplier payment terms reported and

published

Although we do not
manufacture the vehicles
we sell, we necd to
maintain relationships

with all our OEM

partners to ensure

we can continue to
provide products:to our:
customers:

All our suppliers must be
able to demonstrate that
they take appropriate
action toe prevent
involvement in modern
slavery, corruption,
bribery and. breaches. of .....
compctition law

Fair trading and
payment terms
Anti-Bribery
AnttitModern Slavery
-Operational :
improvement

+ We continued to
work closely with
all our suppliers to
deliver operational
improvement and.
effective trading
through the
continuation of the
Covid-19 pandemic;
We surveyed all key
suppliers for adherence
toanti-slavery +
standards.

‘COMMUNITY

Megular involvement in charity appeals

both nationally and locally

As a predominantly retail «
opcrator, with a tangible
nationwide presence ~~”
in many communities,

our retail businesses
generate community
involvement through

local engagement,
contributing to local
areas in a variety of

ways.

Charitable donations
and support;

"Employment
opportunities;

Volunteering:
Fair tax policy

+ We continued uther
charitable activities
where possible, as
reported. at page
G2 of the Corporate
Governance keport

Pendragon PLC Annual Report 20211 u

12

$172 STATEMENT

HOW WHY
WE CENGAGE WE ENGAGE

WHAT MATTERS.
TO THIS GROUP

WHAT DID WE DO
AS A RESULT

ENVIRONMENT

Over the.Jast 12 18 months, We acknowledge the

we have re-evaluated responsibility we have to
seriously our responsibilities protect the environment
to our customers, investors, and to minimise the
associates, suppliers and the environmental impact of
public in terms of how our our activities.

activities as a retailer impact
the natural enviranment.

We continue to regularly
review our environment policy.

Minimising atmospheric
emissions, commercial
and industrial waste
Minimising vehicle
movements causing
“nuisdlice or noise
Minimising industrial
noise and energy
wastage

Complying with
statutory requirements
relating to
environmental matters
Ensuring environmental
priorities are
accounted for
appropriately in
planning and decision
making

Opérale an obsolete asset
disposal policy

Minimise and where possible,
eliminating poilution

We continue to reduce
incidences dt energy wastage
wherever possible, as reported
in our Envirorimerit, Social and
Governance Report at page
55 of this Annual Report

We have successfully reduced
our carbon emissions from
our commuting activities, see
page 56 of this Annual Report
We continue to work with
various of our OEM partners
to effect the roll out of PHEV
charging points across our
dealership network

SHAREHOLDERS AND POTENTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

Annual Report and Accounts We work to erisure our
shareholders and their
Corporate website representatives have
a good understanding
AGM of our strategy and

businoss model
Results announcements and
presentation

Shareholder and analyst
meeting with management,
followed by feedback from
brokers and financial PR
consultants

Engagement via the Directors
and Company Secretary

Long term value
creation

Fair and equal
treatment

Growth opportunity
Financial stability
Transparency

To share in the success
of our business
Dividends

Committed to reducing
pension entitlement of
executive directors to the
workforce average

The chief executive officer
and chief finance officer
report back to the Board atter
the investor roadshows

The Group's brokers and
financial advisors provide
detailed feedback after full
and half year announcements
and investor roadshows

to inform the Board about
investor views

The non-executive chairman
and senior independent
director are available to
shareholders and respond
‘on matters relating to

their responsibilities where
requested

We continue to consult with
all major shareholders in
relation our remuneration
policy

We will engage with
shareholders in the future
about when to resume
dividends

Pendragon PLC Annual Report 2021