PINEWOOD.AI

future
g rowth

HMA

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC AnnualReport FY25

FY25 Highlights

Financial highlights’

Revenue

£40.5m

+29.8%

FY24: €31.2m

Recurring revenue

83.2%

-3.3%

FY24: 86.5%

Underlying EBITDA,

£16.4m

+17.1%

FY24: £14.0m

Gross profit

£34.7m

+23.0%

FY24: £28.2m

Net customer churn

2.5%

41.4%

FY26:19%

Underlying EBITDA margin

40.5%

44%

FY24: 449%

Contents

Strategic Report
Pinewood a a lonce
Investmant Cone,

‘Ove Growth Ambition
Chairman's Stotement

Chief Executive Officers Review
Drversof Growth

urness Model

Busnes Strategy.

nancial Review,

Operating Review
sT72Statement,

£56 Report

sk Overview & Monagement
Vitity Statement

Directors’ Report

eeaeea8

”
R

eBesra

Financial Statements

Directors’ Report

Board of Directors,

‘The Non-Executive Board

Corporate Governance Report,

‘Audit Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report,
Remuneration Committe Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Directors Report
Statement of Directors Responsibilities

Financial Statements
Independent Auditors Report

Grovp Finoncil Statements & Notes
Company Financial Statements & Notes,

‘Advisors, Boks &
‘Shareholder Information,

sesrreuse

a

105

me

oO

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annual Report FY25, StrategicReport Directors’ Report _Financiol Statements 02

Pinewood at a glance

Dedicated to transforming automotive
retail software

What we do
Software-as-a-Service First SaaS automotive
(SaaS) for two decades system
Our platform
Aleading automotive Experienced
retail ecosystem workforce
~ Pure cloud-based software ~ 40 year's experience in the
<esigned around customers ‘outomotive industry
cand hyperscole ~ International workforce across
~ Our systemis active in 36 countries multiple countries
with over 35,000 users focused on the - Headcount of c.400 employees of
UK, Europe and Asia which ¢.50% are software developers
Recurring revenue Partnerships with
streams 50+ OEM Brands

Consistent growth in revenue ond

Long-standing relationships with
high, stable gross morgins ‘original equipment manufacturer
€.86% of revenveis recurring (HIFY25) (OEM) strategic portners

= Enables transformation of customer

High use ‘experience, improved efficiency and Employees across Countries with Registered
loyalty increased profitability the globe Pinewood Al operations offices globally
~ 20% ovg.net user churn over the

last three years

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC AnnualReport FY25,

Investment case

Strategic Report

Why invest in automotive

Mission-Critical
Software

~ Dealer Management
Software (DMS) iso
mission-critical system
of record, allowing cor
deolerships to manage
day-to-day operations

~ Itis the operational
backbone for
dealerships—downtime
halts revenue,
reinforcing its strotegic
indispensobilty

Long Customer
Tenure

= OEM relationships and
market know-how"
ore required to sellto
dealerships, creating
barriers to entry and
reinforcing incumbent
odvantage

= Average customer
relationships exceed o
decade, giving vendors
durable, annvity-like
retention

= Certification with each
manufacturer con cost
vendors up to $im per
brand, deterring new
entrants

High Switching
Costs

~ Historically, OMS
migration hos been
‘lengthy process,
‘taking 12+ months and
requires retraining
staff and risking
short-term revenue
disruption

~ Thishos historically
resulted in high
retention rates

Attractive
Financial Profile

= Subscription revenue
Visibility 0s deoler
groups pay on
‘multi-year contracts
ereating highly
predictable cash flows

= Asset light SaaS model
‘ond minimal COGS
translates to high gross
margins

Directors’ Report Financial Statements

DMS?

Digital-
Transformation
Catalyst

= Al-enabled features
(e.g.,avtomated
‘scheduling, customer
outreach) boost
‘operational efficiency,
reduce errors and cut
‘admin burdens for
dealerships

~ Thishas accelerated
modern DMS adoption

Compliance &
Regulatory

Heightened scrutiny
‘ond rising compliance
‘demands have driven
declers towards
secure, cloud-based
DMS platforms like
Pinewood.Al

03

Pinewood Technologies Grovp PLC Anauol Report FY25

Our growth ambition

StrategicReport Directors’ Report

Financial Statements

Clear roadmap for growth

Our target

£58-62m

FY28 Underlying EBITDA

How we will get there: our drivers of growth

Continuous
evolution

The Group maintains a balance between
Product innovation, operational efficiency and @
customer-centric focus. Ths blend of influences
acts as 0 constont source of inspiration and allows
Us fo maintain o continuous flow of enhancements
‘and new products for our customers.

Customer growth
and retention

Customer growth remains 0 central driver of
‘our success, with our soles teams proactively
‘engaging prospective clients to showcase the
innovation, performance, and intuitive design of
‘our solutions. Equally vital is customer retention;
‘our dedicoted product specialists work closely
‘with clients to maximise value, deepen adoption,
‘and introduce enhancements and new capabilities
that support their evolving needs.

Experts behind
our products

From product specialists with extensive system
‘ond dealership expertise to senior developers
‘ond architects who were instrumental in building
‘the product from the ground up, our team brings
unmatched mastery, insight, ond hands-on
‘experience across every critical area, ensuring
Innovative solutions, seamless integration, and
‘exceptional performance at every level

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC AnnualReport FY25

Chairman's statement

2025 was a year
of strong strategic
and operational

progress

Pinewood.Al, as a
Group, continued to
build momentum as
a standalone, pure-
play automotive
technology
business.”

lan Filby, Non-Executive Chairman

Over the period, the focus has been
firmly on executing our strategy
and delivering against the targets
set out at our Capital Markets

Day in October 2024. The strong
financial performance achieved
over the year is clear evidence of
that progress.

Curing the yeor, Pinewood. Al achieved number
cofimportont milestones, including signing a
Significant contract with Global Auto Holdings,
hing our torget to sign up two ofthe top 20
‘auto etal grovpsin the UK and Ireland chead of
Schedule, implementationis progressing
welland remains ontrack for completion in 2026,
‘demonstrating our abit to deliver complex,
large-scale deployments fr leading

utomotive retoirs

Strategic Report

Building on this strong execution in the UK,
Pinewood. Al made significant progress in
‘advancing its international ambitions. In
Particular, the opportunity in North America
remains significant, and the Group has taken
meaningful steps towards unlocking this potential
Engagement with OEM partners across Lithio's
network has progressed well, with integration
work underway with @large number of partners.
The commencement of a pilot programme in one
of Lithio's US dealerships marks on important
milestone, and we are encouraged by the

early progress as we build towards a broader
rolloutin 2026.

‘Afurther strategic highlight was the acquisition
of Seez, c leading automotive Al platform. This
enhances Pinewood. Al's product offering and
strengthens our in-house capabilities in an oreo
that is becoming increasingly important to our
customers. Integration is progressing well, and the
‘Company sees a meaningful opportunity to drive
further growth through cross-sell and continued.
product innovation.

Alongside these strategic developments, the
Group has continued to invest inits platform

‘ond product capobilties. The pace of innovation
remains high, with enhancements to user
‘experience and the development of our Business
Inteligence offering further strengthening the
value we provide to customers. Ths is reflected in
‘the Group's exceptionally high levels of customer
retention and recurring revenve, which remoin
key indicators ofthe strength and relevance of
‘our technology.

The Board also took steps during the yeor to
simplify the Group's structure and strengthen its
position in North America, with the agreement
to-acquire Lithio's majority stakein the Pinewood
North America joint venture. This provides the
Grovp with greater strategic and operational
control as we pursue our growth ambitions inthis
important market.

Directors’ Report

Financial Statements 0s

During the year, we also strengthened the
‘composition of the Board with the appointments
fof Shruthi Chindalur and Dr Robert Plant as
Independent Non-Executive Directors. They
bring a wealth of experience across technology,
strategy and international markets, which wil

be invaluable os the Group continues to execute
its growth plans. | would ols like fo thank Nikki
Flanders for her significant contribution to the
Board over a number of years, particularly in
‘advancing the Group's ESG agenda, and wish her
wellfor the future.

[As we look ahead, we remain confident in the
Group's long-term prospects. Pinewood. Al
benefits from a strong competitive position,
underpinned by its proprietary technology, deep
CEM integrations and high levels of recurring
revenue, The Board is encouraged by the
momentum in the business and the significant
‘opportunities ahead across our core markets.

On behalf of the Boord, | would ike to thank all of
ur colleagues for their continued hard work and.
commitment. Their expertise and dedication have
‘been central to the progress made over the past
year and will eemain critical as we move into the
next phase of our development.

‘The Board remains focused en supporting Bill
cond his team as they continue to execute the
Group's strategy and deliver on its medium-term
torgets. We are confident that Pinewood.Al is well
positioned to deliver sustainable, long-term value
for shareholders.

lan Filby,
Chairman

2 April2026

Pinewood Technologies Grovp PLC Annual Report FY2S

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's review

Directors’ Report

Financiol Statements 06

Well-positioned for
future expansion

We are confident that we are now
well-positioned to grow significantly
over the next few years, as we look
to expand our global customer base
and develop the functionality of our
technology.”

Bill Berman, Chief Executive Officer

2025 was the second year of Pinewood. Al being
‘standalone technology provider to automotive
retailers ond OEMs and | am proud of the huge
progress we have made inthis time. From the
highly successful system rollout in the 42 ex-
Jardine Motor Group dealers, signing major
‘enterprise customers Marshalls and Lookers, our
pivotal acquisition of Seez Al, an oversubscribed
‘equity raise, deols with Porsche and Volkswagen
in Jopan ond buying Lithia out oftheir share of
the North American JV, it has been a momentous
‘two years. We set out our strategy at our Copital
Morkets Day (CMD) in October 2024 and all of
this activity represents positive progress agoinst
the strategic targets we declored,

The largest opportunity froma commercial
Viewpoint isin North America, witha total
‘addressable market of over $9 billion. We have
made huge strides in the last 12 months on our
‘North American development work and we have
now engaged with the vast mojority of OEMs that
Lithia represents through its North American
dealer network. Integration works underwoy
with a large number of these OEMs. Alongside
this, our product teams have been carrying out
extensive testing and development to optimise
the Pinewood.Al platform for the North American
‘market and this has enabled us to start our system
‘esting in some of Lithia's US deolers.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC AnnualReport FY25

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

‘The pilots are progressing extremely well and we
‘ore building significant momentum towards. full
rollout across Lithia US deolers.

In July 2025 we reached an agreement with
Lithia to acquire its majority stoke in our
Pinewood North America LLCjoint venture,
which was established at the time the original
transaction that created Pinewood.Al. We saw
‘the benefits

---

gthen its
position in North America, with the agreement
to-acquire Lithio's majority stakein the Pinewood
North America joint venture. This provides the
Grovp with greater strategic and operational
control as we pursue our growth ambitions inthis
important market.

Directors’ Report

Financial Statements 0s

During the year, we also strengthened the
‘composition of the Board with the appointments
fof Shruthi Chindalur and Dr Robert Plant as
Independent Non-Executive Directors. They
bring a wealth of experience across technology,
strategy and international markets, which wil

be invaluable os the Group continues to execute
its growth plans. | would ols like fo thank Nikki
Flanders for her significant contribution to the
Board over a number of years, particularly in
‘advancing the Group's ESG agenda, and wish her
wellfor the future.

[As we look ahead, we remain confident in the
Group's long-term prospects. Pinewood. Al
benefits from a strong competitive position,
underpinned by its proprietary technology, deep
CEM integrations and high levels of recurring
revenue, The Board is encouraged by the
momentum in the business and the significant
‘opportunities ahead across our core markets.

On behalf of the Boord, | would ike to thank all of
ur colleagues for their continued hard work and.
commitment. Their expertise and dedication have
‘been central to the progress made over the past
year and will eemain critical as we move into the
next phase of our development.

‘The Board remains focused en supporting Bill
cond his team as they continue to execute the
Group's strategy and deliver on its medium-term
torgets. We are confident that Pinewood.Al is well
positioned to deliver sustainable, long-term value
for shareholders.

lan Filby,
Chairman

2 April2026

Pinewood Technologies Grovp PLC Annual Report FY2S

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's review

Directors’ Report

Financiol Statements 06

Well-positioned for
future expansion

We are confident that we are now
well-positioned to grow significantly
over the next few years, as we look
to expand our global customer base
and develop the functionality of our
technology.”

Bill Berman, Chief Executive Officer

2025 was the second year of Pinewood. Al being
‘standalone technology provider to automotive
retailers ond OEMs and | am proud of the huge
progress we have made inthis time. From the
highly successful system rollout in the 42 ex-
Jardine Motor Group dealers, signing major
‘enterprise customers Marshalls and Lookers, our
pivotal acquisition of Seez Al, an oversubscribed
‘equity raise, deols with Porsche and Volkswagen
in Jopan ond buying Lithia out oftheir share of
the North American JV, it has been a momentous
‘two years. We set out our strategy at our Copital
Morkets Day (CMD) in October 2024 and all of
this activity represents positive progress agoinst
the strategic targets we declored,

The largest opportunity froma commercial
Viewpoint isin North America, witha total
‘addressable market of over $9 billion. We have
made huge strides in the last 12 months on our
‘North American development work and we have
now engaged with the vast mojority of OEMs that
Lithia represents through its North American
dealer network. Integration works underwoy
with a large number of these OEMs. Alongside
this, our product teams have been carrying out
extensive testing and development to optimise
the Pinewood.Al platform for the North American
‘market and this has enabled us to start our system
‘esting in some of Lithia's US deolers.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC AnnualReport FY25

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

‘The pilots are progressing extremely well and we
‘ore building significant momentum towards. full
rollout across Lithia US deolers.

In July 2025 we reached an agreement with
Lithia to acquire its majority stoke in our
Pinewood North America LLCjoint venture,
which was established at the time the original
transaction that created Pinewood.Al. We saw
‘the benefits of this decision in February 2026
with our first showing ot the North American
Dealer Association (NADA) conference in Los
‘Vegas, which was a tremendous success. We had
‘thousands of visits to our stand and o number of
positive conversations with potential customers
bbosed not only in North Americo, but around:

the world

‘One of the prevailing trends in the past year
hhas been increased scrutiny on companies in
‘the software industry inthe face of continued
‘advances in Al technologies, particularly those
made by the largest ‘general purpose’ Al agents.

We are excited by the transformative potential
‘that Al presents for our business ond our
‘customers. In March 2025, Pinewood. Al acquired
‘Seer, the market-leading automotive Al company.
Unlike competitors whose Al functionality relies
solely on general-purpose Large Language
“Models (LLMs), Seez’s opproach uses advanced
reasoning to actively drive our customers’
businesses forward. Integration of the Seez Al
functionality with the Pinewood Al data stack has
‘been @ priority throughout 2025 and is now at an
lodvanced stage, with cross-selling opportunities
already converting across both the historic
Pinewood Aland Seez customer bases.

‘The quality ond depth of our proprietary dato,
built up over 20¢ years, underpins a competitive
‘moat that general-purpose Al agents connot
easily replicate, Our OEM integrations are
tellored to each country and manufacturer,
requiring the kind of deep industry inteligence
‘that comes only from years of collaborative
development with dealers and OEMs. This is not
{one size fits al market, and that complexity

is our advantage. We are not standing sil: we
continuously use these insights to evolve and
improve our platform, ensuring Pinewood. Al
remains the most copable ond trusted solution in
‘automotive retail technology.

‘The evolution of the Pinewood.Al platform
continues at pace, with o number of other
‘embedded features that can be offered to our
‘customers. In particular, we ore in a progressed,
stage with our Business Inteligence module, which
has a number of Data & Analytics embedded
dashboards. This continual evolution is one of the
key reasons our customer retention s so high.

(ur net customer churn in FY25 was ust 2.5%.

Looking ahead, we are very confident in the
positive long-term prospects for the Group.
Pinewood. Al holds a leading position as @ mission
critical, full-service, embedded technology
provider to automotive retailers ond OEMs.

We benefit from high recurring revenues ond
long-standing OEM partnerships. This positions
Pinewood.Al to remoin at the forefront of
‘technology innovatio

---

dcount FY25 (FY24: 31%) ‘our team member's futures by investing in development needs through regular performance
robust pension schemes and insured benefits check ns, ensuring everyone at Pinewood

that provide security for health-related matters. is equipped to thrive.

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Anauol Report FY25

ESG Report continued

StrategicReport —_Directors’Report Financial Statements

Environmental report

Pinewood remains committed to
its environmental responsibility,
operating under a formal
Environment Policy that reflects
our position as a pure-play
SaaS business.

We recognise our duty to protect the
‘environment and actively work to minimise
the impact of our operations.

Collaborating with employees, customers, and
suppliers, we strive to uphold high standards
of environmental protection aligned with our
business activities

ur Environment Policy is guided by Board
level oversight, ensuring a strategic focus on
climate impact and resource sustoinobilty. We
are continuously enhancing our operational
standards, embedding environmental
‘considerations into plonning and decision-
‘making. Wherever possible, we take proactive
steps to reduce or minimise our environmental
footprint, reinforcing our commitment toa
sustainable future,

In accordance with Listing Rule 6.6.6R(8), we set
‘out in the TCFD (Task Force on Climate related
Financial Disclosures) overview table beginning
‘on page 22 certain climate-related financial
disclosures aligned to the four recommendations
fond TI recommended disclosures contained within
the TCFD additional guidance (Implementing

the Recommendations of the Task Force on,
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (2021
TTCFD Annex)). Within the TCFO overview table,
we have also included disclosures by each of

the recommended disclosures, identifying
whether we consider such disclosures to be

either consistent with the recommendations of
‘the TCFD or, where disclosures have only been,
prtially made or omitted, a further description
(of any steps taken or planned to ensure our
disclosures are consistent in the futur, including
relevant timeframes. In porticular, of the 1

TCO recommended close the Compony As part of our commitment to reducing single-
for nine items and partially consistent with two use plastics across the Group, we introduced
te rlted alas auetotedponcot a new initiative this year: the Pinewood Al
Toomer tne ampoctinet simone. boone reusable mug. Designed to replace non-

‘may have on the SaaS business. This includes clable coffee cups and plastic lids, the mi
octet, helps aupportour sustainability objectives.

continue to assess the impact climate-related
risks may have on financial planning in the next
financial yeor.

a

Pinewood Technologies Group PLC Annval Report FY2S StrategicReport —Directors'Report_ Financial Statements 22
ESG Report continued
Recommended
Recommendation disclosures ‘Summary of progress Reference Disclosure level
Governance
©}Describe the Goord The Boorddrives ovr climate ambition ond oversees our approach te climale-relatedriks ond opportunities, as ovlined Annval Report e
oversight ofctmate- __inour annual reviewed Environment Poy As the limate utholy on he Grovpsrsk appetite, rk management ‘Evronmenta,
‘ted ists ond ‘ndinterel control the Board delegates oversight fo he Audit Commie, ESG Committe, ondRkContalGrovpto —_—socielond
Soporte raure ESG risks oe eectnaly managed ‘governance report
In 2025, the ESG Committee met three times, os they did in 2024, mointaining our commitment to sustainability. ogee
SG matters ore now ostondng agenda temo Board metings,eraing continuo focus ond occoutabily
The ESG Contes ployse pivotal oleh cresting how cmote-eated aks and opportunities infence budgets
cond business lon, determining how cmotestratepier oe implemented. The Choir of the ESG Commitee monitors
progress lonards forgets lowingus lo dive meaning impact
FY26 priorities
We emoin committed itegratingcimte-rlated ris ino Boord-evel icusions ensuring the oe key
consideration n shaping ou srotegy and oresing thr otetilimpact on our ronciaperfrmance, The ESC
Commitee willcontinue lo meet ct ieost wie a year, maintaining a srongfocuon satiny and ving progress
Disclose the encour ESG commiments
organisation's
Governance around _—_—b)Descrbemanagements The Boord retains timate acceuntbily or he Group climate strategy and approach fo TCFD; however, 0 -Annvel Report e
imote-reloted sks roleinestesting ond strengthen governance and erecon it hos established on Environmental Soil end Governane (ESC) Commie Ervironmentl
‘ond opportunities Imonoging chmete- Meeting os wie yoo, he ESC Commitee incdes th Group CFO, the Operations & Complonce Detar, ond socolond
rebted rks ond {wo senor members of opertionalleoderhip, with ther asocats invited to meetings where they support he ESC, ‘overance eport
copes Commitee masting ogendo term(s with har inowidge or obi poet

Wek alongside the Rsk Control Group (RCG), the ESG Committee provides ongoing oversight of cimate-related
iss. I maintoins direct reporting ine othe Audit Committe, ensuring regulor updates on progress ond key
developments. The Audit Commitee, composed enliely af independent non-executive dcectors, meets atleast twice
‘2 yea. Following the some rigorous governance approach sed for fiiancil management, it assesses the potential
finoncalimpoct of cimate change, incorporating cenerio analyst the costs of meeting climate ond envionmental
‘orgets, ond therimplctions fr financial statements ond disclosures.

FY26 priorities
‘The Group remains committed to strengthening ESG reporting, ensuring cimate-reloted considerations ore integrated
into budgets, business plons, performance objectives, capital expenditure, ond investment decisions, Additional, we
have embedded clmate-conscous decision-making into our energy procurement ond supplier selection processes,
xinforcing our commitment to sstainbilty ot every level of eur operations

Disclosure Level: @ Full © Portict C) Omites

Pinewood Totnes Group PLC Ania Report FY25 StrategicRepert Directors Report FnancielStolements 23
ESG Report continued
Recommended
Recommendation __daclouren Summary o progress Reference Disclosure level
Strategy
Deira the cimote- Aspe SoS buns, the Grup foxes ited dre cima However we remo proocvelnowening Awa Report e
etrcratscrd, "peel chmatimpect stu te rte lon 0 ec rarer (Jan d8- Dee 0) andy ‘na Monogement
Serecuntese plo 050) There tease eg wh our bans poping co the UK Ne ae ate ae A elds on ooo
Srpoustonher efits ondopprtiiescanbe fund on pope 25128 freer
‘identified in the short, Codvonmenteh,
ienifidinte