BETA Close X Forterra plc announced that its Employee Benefit Trust purchased 75,000 ordinary shares on May 1, 2026, at an average price of £1.57 per share, as part of a planned monthly share purchase program. This acquisition brings the Trust's total holdings to 2,780,999 ordinary shares, representing 1.32% of the company's current voting rights, with these shares held for the benefit of employees and to satisfy awards under share schemes. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 06 May 2026 6 May 2026 Forterra plc Employee Benefit Trust Share Purchase Further to the announcement of 13 October 2025 outlining a planned programme of share purchases to be made by the Forterra Employee Benefit Trust whereby 150,000 ordinary shares are to be purchased each month. On 1 May 2026 the Company was notified by Apex Financial Services (Trust Company) Limited, acting as Trustee that on 1 May 2026 the Trust completed the purchase of 75,000 ordinary shares of 1p each in the Company at an average price of £1.57. The Trust holds shares for the benefit of the Company's employees and in particular for the satisfying of awards made under the Company's various share schemes. The Trust now holds 2,780,999 ordinary shares in the Company representing 1.32% of the Company's current voting rights. Enquiries Forterra plc : +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Ben Guyatt (CFO) Frances Tock (Company Secretary) Forterra plc Further information relating to the Company and its group can be found at www.forterraplc.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and