BETA Close X Forterra plc has corrected its previous announcement regarding total voting rights and capital, stating that as of 30 June 2026, the company's issued ordinary share capital consists of 207,165,814 ordinary shares of £0.01 each, all with voting rights, and no shares are held in treasury. This means the total number of voting rights in the company is 207,165,814, which shareholders can use as a denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. All other information from the prior announcement remains unchanged. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 13 July 2026 13 July 2026 Forterra plc Correction: Total Voting Rights and Capital Further to the announcement entitled "Total Voting Rights and Capital" released on 13 July 2026 at 13:53, under RNS No 1334M Forterra p lc announces that the number of ordinary shares in issue and total voting rights was incorrectly stated. The correct position as at 30 June 2026 is set out below. In accordance with paragraph 5.6.1A R of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, at the close of business on 30 June 2026, the Company's issued ordinary share capital consisted of 207,165,814 ordinary shares of £0.01 each (the "Ordinary Shares"), all with voting rights. No Ordinary Shares are held in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 207,165,814. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change of their interest in, the Company under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. All other information contained in the announcement released on 13 July 2026 remains unchanged Enquiries Forterra plc: +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Frances Tock (Company Secretary) FTI Consulting : +44 (0) 20 3727 1340 Richard Mountain/Vicky Hayns Further information relating to the Company and its group can be found at www.forterra.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and