BETA Close X Forterra plc has announced its Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026, scheduled for Tuesday, May 19, 2026, at 12:00 pm. The notice will be available electronically and mailed to shareholders who have opted for hard copies. A copy has been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism and will also be accessible on the company's investor website. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 15 April 2026 15 April 2026 Forterra plc Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 Forterra plc (the "Company") announces that it has published its Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026, which is to be held at 12:00 pm on Tuesday 19 May 2026 at 30 Crown Place, Earl Street, London, EC2A 4ES. Copies of the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 will today be available electronically, with hard copies posted to shareholders who opted to receive hard copies in the coming weeks. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, a copy of this document has been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for viewing shortly at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism The Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 will also be accessible later today via the Company's website at www.forterra.co.uk/investors Enquiries Forterra plc: +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Frances Tock (Company Secretary) FTI Consulting : +44 (0) 20 3727 1340 Richard Mountain/Vicky Hayns Further information relating to the Company and its group can be found at www.forterra.co.uk/investors This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and