BETA Close X Forterra plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Ben Guyatt will be departing the company on October 31, 2026, after a 20-year tenure. Guyatt has been instrumental in the Group's establishment and its 2016 listing, as well as its subsequent growth. The company has initiated a search for a successor to ensure an orderly transition of responsibilities. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 11 June 2026 11 June 2026 FORTERRA PLC Directorate Change Forterra plc (the 'Group'), a leading UK manufacturer of essential clay and concrete building products, announces that, after 20 years with Forterra and its predecessor organisations, Ben Guyatt, Chief Financial Officer ('CFO') will be leaving the Group to pursue new challenges. Ben will remain as CFO until 31 October 2026 to assist with an orderly transition of responsibilities. A formal search process to identify a successor as CFO has commenced and a further announcement will be made once an appointment has been confirmed. Neil Ash, Chief Executive of Forterra, said: "On behalf of myself and the Board, I would like to thank Ben for his strong and loyal contribution to Forterra over many years. He has played an important role in both establishing the Group and its listing in 2016, as well as in the Group's continued growth and development since then. We wish him well in his future endeavours." Ben Guyatt, CFO of Forterra, commented: "It has been a privilege to serve as CFO of Forterra. I am proud of what we have achieved and believe that Forterra is well-placed for future success. I remain fully committed to supporting the Group over the coming months to ensure a seamless transition." ENQUIRIES Forterra plc +44 1604 707 600 Neil Ash, Chief Executive Officer FTI Consulting +44 203 727 1340 Richard Mountain / Victoria Hayns LEI: 213800O5DD6ATBVJAD23 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and