BETA Close X Forterra plc has appointed Gavin Hill as an Independent Non-Executive Director, effective immediately, and he will also serve as Chair Designate of the Audit & Risk Committee. Hill brings extensive financial and audit experience, having previously been CFO of Oxford Instruments plc, a company with a market capitalization of approximately £1.5 billion. Additionally, Gina Jardine will assume the role of Non-Executive Director responsible for workforce engagement. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 01 June 2026 1 June 2026 Appointment of New Independent Non‑Executive Director Forterra plc ("Forterra" or the "Company"), a leading UK manufacturer of essential clay and concrete building products, is pleased to announce the appointment of Gavin Hill as an Independent Non‑Executive Director, with effect from today. Gavin has also been appointed as Chair Designate of the Audit & Risk Committee, in anticipation of the retirement of Vince Niblett, the current Committee Chair, who has confirmed that he intends to retire from the Board at the AGM in 2027, when he will be in his ninth year as Audit Chair and Board member. Gavin will also be appointed as a member of the Remuneration, Nomination and Sustainability Committees of the Board. Gavin Hill is a highly experienced FTSE 250 Chief Financial Officer and Audit Chair. Until 2025, he served for nine years as Chief Financial Officer of Oxford Instruments plc, a leading provider of high technology products and services for research and industry with a market capitalisation of approximately £1.5 billion. Gavin had previously been Group Finance Director of Synergy Health plc and Director, Corporate Finance of Serco Group plc. Gavin is currently a Non‑Executive Director of Eurofins Scientific SE, and Non-Executive Director and Audit Chair of BMT Group Limited. Nigel Lingwood, Chair of Forterra, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Gavin to the Board as an Independent Non-Executive Director. Gavin's significant and broad financial and commercial experience, gained both as an Executive and Audit Chair, together with his deep understanding of manufacturing operations and innovation will provide an excellent contribution to the Board." Board Committee Changes Gina Jardine will be designated as the Non‑Executive Director responsible for workforce engagement, following the retirement of Martin Sutherland at the AGM on 19 May 2026. In this role, Gina will attend regular meetings of the employee forum and work closely with the Group People Director. Note: There is no additional information to be disclosed in respect of Gavin Hill pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. At the date of this Announcement Gavin Hillzhas no beneficial interest in ordinary shares of Forterra. Enquiries: Forterra plc: +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Frances Tock (Company Secretary) FTI Consulting : +44 (0) 20 3727 1340 Richard Mountain/Vicky Haynes Legal Entity Identifier: 213800O5DD6ATBVJAD23 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and