BETA Close X Forterra plc is seeking shareholder approval at its AGM on May 19, 2026, for a revised Remuneration Policy featuring a hybrid long-term incentive structure for Executive Directors, comprising 50% performance shares and 50% restricted shares, with no change to the maximum award level of 200% of salary. For 2026, awards will be set at 175% of base salary for the CEO and 150% for the CFO, with a 50% discount on the restricted share component. Performance shares will vest based on adjusted EPS growth (45%), relative TSR against FTSE 250 index members (45%), and ESG targets for carbon emission intensity reduction (10%) over the period ending December 31, 2028. Award calculations will use the average closing share price over the six months preceding the AGM to mitigate short-term market volatility. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 12 May 2026 12 May 2026 FORTERRA PLC AGM RESOLUTION 13 - APPROVAL OF REMUNERATION POLICY At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of Forterra plc (the "Company") on 19 May 2026, shareholders will be asked to vote on a number of resolutions, including Resolution 13 relating to the approval of the Remuneration Policy (the "Policy"). In advance of the AGM, the Remuneration Committee wishes to provide further clarification in relation to Resolution 13. The Policy proposes a hybrid long-term incentive structure for Executive Directors, comprising 50% performance shares and 50% restricted shares. No change is proposed to the current Policy maximum notional performance share award level of 200% of salary (250% in exceptional circumstances). For 2026, award levels will be 175% of base salary for the Chief Executive Officer and 150% of base salary for the Chief Financial Officer, on a notional performance share basis, with a 50% discount applied to the restricted share element. If approved, the performance share element will be subject to the following measures over the period ending 31 December 2028: Measure 0% Vesting 25% Vesting 100% Vesting Adjusted EPS Growth (45%) Less than 5% annual growth 5% annual growth 10% or greater annual growth Relative TSR (45%) against TSR of index members (FTSE 250 excluding investment trusts) Below median Median Upper quartile or above ESG - Reduction in the Group's clay product carbon emissions intensity per m² versus 2025 (10%) Less than 5% reduction 5% reduction 10% or greater reduction Vesting will be calculated on a straight-line basis between the relevant performance points. The notional share award level for both performance shares and restricted shares will be based on the average closing share price of the Company's shares over the six-month period ended 19 May 2026. The Remuneration Committee believes this provides a balanced basis for calculating awards by reducing the impact of short-term market volatility and external macroeconomic uncertainty on the number of shares granted. The Board looks forward to the support of shareholders in approving Resolution 13 at the AGM on 19 May 2026. Enquiries Forterra plc: +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Frances Tock (Company Secretary) FTI Consulting : +44 (0) 20 3727 1340 Richard Mountain/Vicky Haynes Further information relating to the Company and its group can be found at www.forterra.co.uk LEI: 213800O5DD6ATBVJAD23 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and