BETA Close X Forterra plc has announced the appointment of Lisa Oxnard as its new Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director, effective later this year, succeeding Ben Guyatt who will depart on October 31, 2026. Oxnard brings over 25 years of international finance and operational leadership experience from companies including Genuit Group plc, JELD-WEN Europe, and Doncasters Group Ltd, with a strong background in business transformation and strategic planning. The company has confirmed there is no further information to be disclosed regarding her appointment under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Disclaimer* Forterra plc 28 July 2026 28 July 2026 Forterra plc Appointment of Chief Financial Officer Forterra plc ("Forterra" or the "Company"), a leading UK manufacturer of essential clay and concrete building products, is delighted to announce the appointment of Lisa Oxnard as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director. This appointment follows the announcement on 11 June 2026 that Ben Guyatt will step down as Chief Financial Officer and leave the Company on 31 October 2026. Lisa will join the Company later this year, following the completion of her current commitments. The Board will ensure appropriate arrangements are in in place during the intervening period to ensure continuity of financial leadership and effective oversight. Lisa joins Forterra from Genuit Group plc, where she is currently Group Financial Controller. Before joining Genuit, she held Chief Financial Officer roles at JELD-WEN Europe and at Doncasters Group Ltd. She has more than 25 years' international finance and operational leadership experience across listed and private equity-backed manufacturing and industrial businesses, with a strong track record in business transformation, operational improvement, strategic planning and corporate governance. Neil Ash, CEO of Forterra, said: "We are delighted to welcome Lisa to Forterra. She brings extensive financial, strategic and operational experience, together with a strong track record of effective leadership. Following a thorough search and selection process, the Board is confident that Lisa has the expertise and leadership to support the next phase of Forterra's growth and development. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to thank Ben for his contribution to Forterra over many years and wish him every success for the future." Lisa Oxnard said: "I am delighted to be joining Forterra at such an exciting stage in the Company's journey. The business has strong foundations, a clear strategy and significant opportunities ahead. I look forward to working closely with the Board and the wider team to support the next phase of growth, maintain strong financial discipline and help create long-term value for our shareholders." In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R, there is no further information to be disclosed in relation to Lisa Oxnard's appointment. Enquiries: Forterra plc +44 (0) 1604 707 600 Frances Tock (Company Secretary) FTI Consulting +44 (0)20 3727 1340 Richard Mountain / Victoria Hayns LEI: 213800O5DD6ATBVJAD23 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Forterra (FORT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and