BETA Close X Jupiter Fund Management plc announced that as of May 29, 2026, its issued share capital comprises 523,927,252 ordinary shares, each carrying one vote. The company holds no shares in treasury, resulting in a total of 523,927,252 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate their notification requirements regarding interests in the company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Jupiter Fund Management PLC 29 May 2026 29 May 2026 Jupiter Fund Management plc (the "Company" or "Jupiter") Total Voting Rights In accordance with DTR 5.6.1R of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules the Company makes the following announcement: As at close of business on 29 May 2026, the Company's issued share capital consisted of 523,927,252 Ordinary Shares of 2 pence each per share, each with one vote. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in Jupiter is 523,927,252. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Jupiter Fund Management plc in accordance with the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. For further information please contact: Notes: LEI Number: 5493003DJ1G01IMQ7S28 For further information please contact: Investors Media Jupiter Helen Archbold +44 (0)20 3817 1609 Victoria Howley +44 (0)20 3817 1657 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Jupiter Fund Management (JUP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago NATWEST GROUP 54 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 1 hour ago Hammerson 2 hours ago Dr. Martens 2 hours ago Staffline Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and