BETA Close X Jupiter Fund Management PLC has announced director shareholdings following the reinvestment of the company's interim dividend. On September 11, 2026, Chief Executive Officer Matthew Beesley acquired 333 ordinary shares at £1.60 each under the Share Incentive Plan, and Chief Financial & Operating Officer Wayne Mepham acquired 379 ordinary shares at the same price. These transactions, conducted on the London Stock Exchange, are initial notifications in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Jupiter Fund Management PLC 15 September 2026 15 September 2026 JUPITER FUND MANAGEMENT PLC (the "Company" ) Director Shareholding The Company has been notified that the following acquisitions of ordinary shares of 2 pence each ("Shares") in the Company have been made under the Company's Share Incentive Plan on 11 September 2026 following the reinvestment of the Company's interim dividend. The notifications set out in this announcement are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Matthew Beesley 2 . Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 . Details of the issuer a) Name Jupiter Fund Management plc b) Legal Identifier Code 5493003DJ1G01IMQ7S28 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 2 pence GB00B53P2009 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of 333 Shares under the Company's Share Incentive Plan following the reinvestment of the Company's interim dividend. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.60 333 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 11 September 2026 f) Place of Transaction London Stock Exchange, XLON 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Wayne Mepham 2 . Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Financial & Operating Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 . Details of the issuer a) Name Jupiter Fund Management plc b) Legal Identifier Code 5493003DJ1G01IMQ7S28 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 2 pence GB00B53P2009 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of 379 shares under the Company's Share Incentive Plan following the reinvestment of the Company's interim dividend. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.60 379 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 11 September 2026 f) Place of Transaction London Stock Exchange, XLON For further information please contact: Investors Media Jupiter Helen Archbold +44 (0)20 3817 1609 Victoria Howley + 44 (0)20 3817 1657 Edelman Smithfield Andrew Wilde +44 (0)7786 022 022 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Jupiter Fund Management (JUP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Kromek Group 3 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 8 minutes ago Derwent London 23 minutes ago Jupiter Fund Management 47 minutes ago SThree All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and