BETA Close X Jupiter Fund Management PLC has announced director shareholdings following the reinvestment of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025. Matthew Beesley, Chief Executive Officer, acquired 671 ordinary shares at £1.64 each, and Wayne Mepham, Chief Financial & Operating Officer, acquired 765 ordinary shares at the same price of £1.64 each, both transactions occurring on 27 May 2026 under the Company's Share Incentive Plan. Disclaimer* Jupiter Fund Management PLC 28 May 2026 28 May 2026 JUPITER FUND MANAGEMENT PLC (the "Company" ) Director Shareholding The Company has been notified that the following acquisitions of ordinary shares of 2 pence each in the Company have been made under the Company's Share Incentive Plan on 27 May 2026 following the reinvestment of the Company's final dividend in respect of the year-ended 31 December 2025. The notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Matthew Beesley 2 . Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 . Details of the issuer a) Name Jupiter Fund Management plc b) Legal Identifier Code 5493003DJ1G01IMQ7S28 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 2 pence GB00B53P2009 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of 671 shares under the Company's Share Incentive Plan following the reinvestment of the Company's final dividend. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.64 671 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2026 f) Place of Transaction London Stock Exchange, XLON 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Wayne Mepham 2 . Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Financial & Operating Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 . Details of the issuer a) Name Jupiter Fund Management plc b) Legal Identifier Code 5493003DJ1G01IMQ7S28 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 2 pence GB00B53P2009 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of 765 shares under the Company's Share Incentive Plan following the reinvestment of the Company's final dividend. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.64 765 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume -Price N/A (single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2026 f) Place of Transaction London Stock Exchange, XLON For further information please contact: Investors Media Jupiter Helen Archbold +44 (0)20 3817 1609 Victoria Howley +44 (0)20 3817 1657 Edelman Smithfield Andrew Wilde +44 (0)7786 022 022 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Jupiter Fund Management (JUP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago NATWEST GROUP 55 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 1 hour ago Hammerson 2 hours ago Dr. Martens 2 hours ago Staffline Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and