=)
JUPITER

Building
momentum

Jupiter Fund Management pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Compare No! 06/50/95

*AFQHNQW2*

A04 21/04/2026 #33

>
<
a
D
ws
=)
ze

COMPANIES HOUSE J
“ *AEZ2TTOB*
A05 01/04/2026 #80

COMPANIES HOUSE

Building
momentum

Jupiter is an active asset manager. We believe that
investment excellence requires diverse thinking,
creativity, and a relentless drive to seek opportunities.

At Jupiter, our purpose is clear: to create a better future for our clients
through active investment excellence.

We have made significant progress this year towards all of our key strategic
objectives, building on the momentum of prior years to increase scale,
decrease undue complexity, broaden our appeal to clients and to deepen
relationships with all of our stakeholders. We have seen an improvement in
a number of key leading indicators, which we believe should lead to long-
term value creation.

We remain resolute in advancing our ambition and are confident that our
strategic clarity and active investment approach will continue to deliver
positive outcomes over the long term.

Financial KPIs

Net management fees Cost:income ratio Underlying earnings per share
£310.7m 82% 19.4

e (+) e
2024; £332.9m 2024: 78% 2024: 13.4
Non-Financial KPIs Outcome KPI
Assets under management (AUM) Employee engagement Total shareholder return

%e 92%
£54.0bn 88% +92%
2024: £45.3bn 2024: 79% 2024: +1%
Investment performance’ Net flows
68% £1.3bn
°

2024: 61% 2024; £(10.3)bn

1. Investment performance throughout the Annual Report and Accounts relates to the percentage of mutual fund assets which are above
their peer group median over a three-year period.

=> More details on the Group’s KPIs can be found from page 20. More details on the Group's use of Alternative
Performance Measures (APMs) can be found on page 185.

Strategic report
2 Ata glance

4 Chair's statement

Governance

64

Chair's introduction
to Governance

Financial statements
127 Group financial statements

131 Notes to the Group

6 _ Strategic overview 66 _ Board of Directors financial statements
8 __ Chief Executive Officer's review 68 Governance framework 167__Company financial statements
, 169 Notes to the Company financial
14 _Ourstrategic objectives 70 How the Board operates statements
18 Market trends = -
— 73 Board composition, succession 175 _ Independent auditor's report

20 _ Key performance indicators ‘and evaluation
22 Our business model . .

76 — Nomination Committee report Other information
24 Financial review ;

80 Audit and Risk Committee report 184 Historical summary (unaudited)
32 Investment management 185, Th fal Perf

i it . e use of Alternative Performance
34 _ Client solutions and experience 88 __ Remuneration Committee report Measures
36 _ Sustainability 92 __Annual report on remuneration 18 _ Shoreholder information
45 Non-financial and sustainability 120 Directors’ report 189 _ Glossary of terms
information statement
126 Directors’ responsibility and

48__ Engaging with our stakeholders

52__ People and culture

compliance statements

58 _Risk management

— Our broader reporting suite includes our Policy and Context Report,
Activities and Outcomes Report, Sustainability Report and Pay Gap Report

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025 1

Ata glance

Our business

At 31 December 2025, our clients entrusted us to manage
£54bn of their assets. This was invested across a range

of asset classes and investment capabilities and on behalf
of retail, wholesale and institutional clients.

+ Institutional

We earn revenues by charging fees to our clients

for the provision of investment management services,
typically based on a percentage of assets under
management (AUM).

—

( Asset classes AUM by asset class
We offer a number of investment strategies within four core
asset classes: O Equities 59%
+ Equities O Fixed Income 12%
+ Fixed Income O Multi-Asset 12%
Multi-Asset QO alternatives 7%
+ Alternatives
Our investment teams are unconstrained by a house view,
but are supported by specialists in sustainability and
stewardship matters and data science, within a rigorous
risk oversight framework.
XX
( (—
Client channels AUM by client channel
We offer a range of actively managed investment
strategies through two principal client channels: O Retail wholesale aan
+ Retail, wholesale & investment trusts & investment trusts
O Institutional . 7%

Investment capability
We provide investment expertise across a broad range
of capabilities:

+ UK equities

+ European equities

+ Global equities

+ Systematic equities

+ Asian and Emerging Market equities
+ Multi-manager

+ Fixed Income

( Aum by investment capability

O Uk equities 13%
© European equities 6%
© Global equities 14%

O systematic equities 30%

O Asian and Emerging 12%
Market equities

© Multi-manager 12%

(© Fixed Income 13%

} Strotegic report IN Governance | Financial statements Other information )

Who we are and what we do

Talented individuals
delivering with conviction

We enable talented individuals to
pursue their own investment styles.

Without the constraints of a house view,

our investment managers can follow
their convictions to deliver the best
outcomes for clients.

Meeting our clients’ needs
through working together

We work together to innovate and deliver
the investment capabilities that help our
clients meet their objectives, striving to
deliver positive outcomes for our clients,
shareholders and all our stakeholders.

Where our clients are and where we operate

62% 392

Asia

5% 13

Employees Employees
EMEA Rest of world
27% 37 6%
° °
Employees

@ Jupiter office

An efficient operating model

We have a single operating platform,
which we continue to develop to reduce
undue complexity and aid effective
collaboration. This allows us to adapt
as market conditions evolve, identify
and respond to emerging opportunities
and support growth.

@ Third-party @ Remote coverage

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2025 3

Chair's statement

Welcome to

Jupiter’s 2025
Annual Report
and Accounts

Welcome to Jupiter's 2026 Annual Report and Accounts.
This letter signposts you to the material items covered in
our reporting,

I hope you find the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts
informative. We see it as a vital point of engagement with
alll our stakeholders.

Strategy

In 2025, we made a significant step forward on Jupiter's key
strategic objective of increasing scale, with the announcement
of the acquisition of CCLA investment Management Limited
(CCL). This acquisition will add scale specifically within Jupiter's
home market of the UK, and will open up a new client channel
and provide complementary investment expertise with a high
degree of cultural alignment. It has been encouraging to see
the preparatory work ahead of completion, and the integration
which commenced from February this year.

In relation to decreasing undue complexity, the outcomes for
our stakeholders have been clear with non-compensation costs
falling to £89m at year end and headcount down to 442. We will
continue in our efforts, with the Board's oversight on keeping the
balance between controlling costs, and investing in the right
way for future profitable growth.

We are proud of the investment performance we have delivered
to clients this year and the positive feedback they have given

us on their experience of working with Jupiter. We believe this
performance, and our new not for profit channel through CCLA
will broaden our appeal to clients.

We continue to deepen our relationship with all stakeholders. We
have had thoughtful and supportive engagement with our
shareholders in a year of strategic milestones and Board change.
We believe our investors are now starting to be rewarded for their
support in the 92% shareholder return across 2025. Our relationship
with the Financial Conduct Authority and with our overseas
regulators is collaborative and we prioritise regulatory horizon
scanning and following industry best practice.

We were pleased to support Matt in taking on his role as a
member of the Board of the Investment Association.

And finally a great vote of thanks to my Jupiter colleagues. Despite
a year of intensive work, our most recent colleague survey showed
arise in engagement score to 88% meaningfully ahead of the
financial services benchmark.

— Further information in our Strategic Report from page
14, and People and Culture Report from page 52.

Shares and capital

For 2025, we have made returns of 4.4p per share through the
2p interim dividend paid in September 2025 and the final year
dividend of 23p, that we have declared subject to approval at
the 2026 AGM.

In addition to the ordinary dividend, we are also returning 50% of
performance fee-related revenue generated in respect of 2025,
which equates to 11.4p per share. This distribution will be made
equally weighted through a special dividend and share buyback
programme.

We remain committed to our capital policy to return 50%
of pre-performance fee underlying earnings per share (EPS) to
shareholders, ond to consider additional returns on an ad hoc
basis, as we have done this year.

During 2025, the Board carried out a buyback of c.l6m shares
between March and September. The repurchased shares were
placed in Treasury and the Board made a decision to cancel
those shares in February 2026.

The Group's balance sheet remains strong with a regulatory
capital surplus, post the CCLA acquisition, of £146m. The Board
remains supportive of the firm's growth strategy. We anticipate
seeing the value of allocating a portion of our capital to the
CCLA acquisition and we remain open to further inorganic
opportunities.

> Further information in our Financial Review
on page 24.

41 \n 2025, we made a
significant step forward
on Jupiter's key strategic
objective of increasing
scale, with the
announcement of the
acquisition of CCLA.”

David Cruickshank
Chair

Monitoring performance

Putting clients at the heart of our business means that
investment performance remains a key factor for our continued
success. At the end of 2025, we saw improvement across all our
investment performance time-frames, with particularly strong
performance over one year: 84% of our mutual fund AUM

outperformed the peer group median over the last twelve months.

Our gross flows have risen by 20% in the year, with total net flows
‘across the Group in 2025 of £1.3bn, our first calendar year of net
flows since 2017 and a marked step forward from prior year
(2024: £10.3bn outflow).

Our AUM has increased over the year by 19% to £54bn
(2024: £45.3n), driven by market movements of £7.4bn, and our
positive net flows.

Our net revenue for 2025 has been impacted by the material
loss of AUM that we saw in 2024. This was well planned for and
managed. Underlying profit before tax was £138.3m, driven by
very strong performance fees of £120.3m.

‘One of our most successful areas of financial focus this year
was our cost discipline. We announced in May 2025 new

cost targets and guidance, which our executive team had been
working on since 2024. The Board considered these carefully,
challenging management on stretching but achievable actions,
and taking into account the views of shareholders. Non-
compensation costs and headcount have both been
successfully reduced compared to prior year.

We continue to target a costincome ratio of 70% and the Board
keeps this challenge front of mind. While we are still working
towards this target, we are confident that the opportunities to
grow revenue and the cost management culture shown by Matt
and team over 2025 position us very well for 2026.

> Further information in our Financial Review
on page 24.

Board succession

More detail on Board succession is in the Governance Report,
80 | will use this section for welcomes, thanks and farewells.

Firstly, my thanks to Roger Yates for his eight years of
service to the Board, retiring in October 2025. Roger served
‘as Remuneration Committee Chair and Senior Independent
Director. Roger's expertise in the asset management industry
was a great strength to Jupiter over the years.

We were therefore very focused on replacing those industry
skills. Willie Watt joined the Board in June 2025 and brings similar
industry and leadership experience. Willie has made a very
valuable contribution in his first six months on the Board.

lam retiring from the Board in April 2026 and we are delighted
to be welcoming my successor, Nathan Bostock, in March.
look forward to following Jupiter's progress in driving
sustainable growth as we move into the next stage of the firm’s
evolution. | wish Nathan, Matt, my fellow Board members

and Jupiter colleagues the very best for the opportunities

that lie ahead.

David Cruickshank
Chair

25 February 2026

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025 5

Strategic overview

Our strategic pillars

> More information on progress towards each of our strategic objectives can be found on pages 14 to 17.

Increase scale

in select geographies
and channels

Decrease undue
complexity

..with costs managed carefully
through a relentless pursuit
of efficiency

7:

Progress in 2025

£16.9bn

Strong gross flows

£1.3bn

Positive net flows

Strengthened

European and Global equities Investment expertise

Positive

net flows in calendar year for the first time since 2017

Scale through acquisition

of Origin Asset Management and CCLA

New expertise

gained in multi-regional equity strategies

Progress in 2025

£256m

Total operating costs (excl. impact of performance fees)

42 mins

Estimated time saved per user per day through Al tools

Ongoing cost discipline
non-compensation and headcount both lower than
prior year

Simplifying
middle office operating model, resulting in supplier
consolidation and increased outsourcing

Continued investment

in automation and Ai-driven improvements

Relevant KPIs

+ Assets under management

+ Net flows

+ Net management fees

+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Costincome ratio

* Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

* Market disruption

+ Investment performance risk

+ Regulatory risk

* Technology and information security risk
+ Financial risk

Relevant KPIs

* Underlying earnings per share
* Costincome ratio
+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

* Outsourcing and supplier risk
* Technology and information security risk

1 Strategic report IN Governance _)\ financial statements Ne Other information )

Broaden appeal Deepen relationships
to clients with all stakeholders
..with a curated product ..with our purpose embedded
offering, while exploring in all we do
new methods of delivery

Progress in 2025 Progress in 2025

£73m

Total capital deployed in seed funding

£33m

New investment in seed funding in 2025

New client channel

of non-profit clients through CCLA acquisition

New methods of delivery

with launch of two active ETFs
and new Cayman platform

Broader range

of investment expertise, with key new hires
In Global equities and European equities

92%

Total shareholder return

88%

Employee engagement score

Value for shareholders

generated materially positive total shareholder return,
with special dividend and buyback announced

Improving investment
performance

68% of AUM outperforming over three years,
84% over one year and 75% over five years

Highly engaged
employees

with engagement score nine percentage points higher
than prior year and above the benchmark

Relevant KPIs

+ Investment performance

+ Assets under management

+ Net flows

+ Net management fees

+ Underlying earnings per share
* Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

+ Market disruption

+ Investment performance risk
+ Outsourcing and supplier risk
+ Financial risk

Relevant KPIs

+ Investment performance

+ Employee engagement

+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

+ Market disruption

+ Investment performance risk
+ Outsourcing and supplier risk
+ People risk

* Regulatory risk

X

S

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2025

7

Chief Executive Officer's review

Building
momentum

Lf We achieved an
extraordinary amount in 2025
and it is encouraging that the
value of our company has
increased markedly over the
last year as a result of our
hard work and focus.”

Matthew Beesley
Chief Executive Officer

This is the fourth time that, as Chief
Executive Officer, | have had the privilege of
writing the review of the year. In last year’s
Annual Report and Accounts, | noted that
the stagnant share price might suggest
limited strategic progress despite a
significant number of.actions to better
position our company for growth. As we look
back and consider the last 12 months, it is
pleasing therefore that our stakeholders
can now more clearly see the benefits of
these endeavours.

At the start of 2025 we completed the acquisition of Origin Asset
Management, before announcing the acquisition of CCLA in July
2025. This transaction completed on 2 February 2026.

Within our underlying business, further progress was made in
decreasing undue complexity with our ongoing ambitions
reflected in our new cost saving targets that we announced last
May. We have continued to focus on broadening our appeal to
a wider range of clients and with that, considering different
ways to help our clients get access to the benefits of our active
investment excellence; we launched two active ETFs last year
and our first fund on our new Cayman-domiciled platform.
While it was gratifying to see the share price increase by a little
over 80% in 2025, we believe we still have a long way to go
before we are delivering on our full potential

The challenges that face the active asset management industry
remain just as plentiful, though through our actions, we believe
we are better placed to address these challenges and where
we can, capitalise on the opportunities ahead of us. With many
leading indicators moving in the right direction, we see a clear
path to achieving our 70% target costincome ratio in the
medium term. This will remain a key focus for 2026 and beyond.

An opportunity for active
management?

While there are still many headwinds for the active asset
management industry to navigate, it could be that we are
entering into a period in which the merits of an active approach
towards investing are more prevalent. One very important
potentially leading indicator for the business is the percentage
of our mutual fund AUM that has outperformed over the last

12 months. As at the end of December 2025, this stood at 84%, up
from 42% a year ago. With volatility of equity markets higher,
asset class correlations lower and the dispersion of returns
within and across asset classes more elevated, if such
conditions persist into the year ahead, then this could prove to
be a fertile environment for the active asset management
industry to better evidence its value proposition.

Overall, world equity markets, as measured by the MSCI All
Countries World index, rose by 13% in GBP terms during 2025.
This is the third year in a row of double digit returns and the 19
discrete calendar year of positive returns this century. This is
neither typical nor usual and may itself be a reason to proceed
with heightened caution as we look to the period ahead.

Much has been written about US exceptionalism or indeed the
potential end thereof. Certainly, post the introduction of trade
tariffs by the US, we are in a period in which many non-US
corporates are starting to consider whether they need to
rebalance manufacturing copacity and whether they have an
excessive reliance on the US economy more broadly. In 2025, we
have started to see this become a concer for asset owners too,
with questions over allocations to US equity markets which, after
period of strong performance, look more fully priced relative to
many non-US assets. If this is a trend that persists, then given
‘our range of investment expertise, Jupiter should be well placed
to benefit.

J Stotegicreport NG Governance | Financial statements M Other information )

44 Throughout 2025, we have
remained resolutely focused
on things that we can control
and on the execution of our
strategy and this won't

As we reflect back on 2025 and look ahead to 2026, it is
important to note that economic activity has remained
steadfast despite the challenges associated with US tariffs, and
indeed the IMF-revised growth rates for most large countries are
higher than during 2025.

Linked to this, once again, overall, inflation has remained stickier
than many have expected, notably here in the UK. This however
has not been a uniform outcome, and in some geographies,
such as the Eurozone, headline and core inflation has edged
lower and closer to their formal 2% target. Overall, this has led to
2025 being a year of rates cuts across most of the world's
largest economies with only Japan and Brazil as notable
‘exceptions. That there have been exceptions, that we are seeing
different macro and micro trends play out, and that there is
disparity of valuations across and within asset classes - notably
between US equities and non-US equities - are all encouraging
signs for the active investment management industry. As such, it
is likely thot the path ahead for all asset classes will indeed be
less uniform from here; an active approach to asset
management should be more readily rewarded as we look
ahead. This should be good for Jupiter.

Achallenging financial backdrop,
but with cause for optimism

Given the material loss of AUM during calendar year 2024 (¢(6.9)
bn including market movements), the simple annualisation
effect of this loss was always going to materially impact
reported revenues in calendar year 2025. As this was expected,
it wos something that we had carefully planned for and were
able to manage accordingly, consistent with our focus on
always managing what we can control.

Underlying profit before tax was £138.3m, an increase of 42% on
2024, This increase was driven by performance fees of £120.3m
(2024: £31.2m). Excluding the impact of performance fees,
underlying profit decreased to £62.2m (2024: £79.0m). A
carefully managed decrease in non-compensation costs
partially offset the decline in management fee revenues.

change as we look to 2026.”

Matthew Beesley
Chief Executive Officer

Positive net flows

£1.3bn

Total shareholder return

+92%

XX

AUM increased in the year by some 19% to £54bn. Along with
market movements of £7.4bn, we also generated net positive
flows of £1.3bn. This was positive across both retail & wholesale
and institutional clients, and was the first calendar year of
positive net inflows since 2017. Three of our seven investment
capabilities saw net positive flows in the year: Systematic
equities, Global equities and UK equities.

Delivering positive investment outcomes for our clients
remains key and | am glad to report that investment
performance improved through 2025 over all key time periods.
Over three years, our KPI, 68% of our mutual fund assets
outperformed their peer group median (2024: 61%). Over one
year, 84% outperformed (2024: 42%) and over five years the
figure was 75% (2024: 58%). Although the reported financial
results are clearly set against a challenging backdrop, a number
of leading indicators are now looking encouraging. We are also
making meaningful progress as relates each of our four key
strategic objectives.

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2025 9

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

@ Increase scale

We have consistently stated that of our four key strategic
objectives, increasing scale in select geographies and channels
is the most important because it is also the most challenging.
When we think about scale, we don't only aspire to manage
more client assets but we also think carefully about our
operating model. We certainly want more clients to benefit from
our active asset management skills, but we also aspire to do so
while better leveraging our existing infrastructure and cost base.
We want the incremental costs of adding new client assets to
our platform to decrease and with that, new client assets to
increase the incremental profitability of our business. This is
what increasing scale means to us. We remain committed to
delivering a 70% costiincome ratio and know that if this is to be
sustainable, we need to balance the delivery of further
efficiencies with consistent top line revenue growth.

We ore making some progress in this regard.

Our overall AUM increased by 19% in 2025, to end the year at
£54bn. While market movements added £7.4bn, we also saw
positive net flows in three of our seven investment capabilities,
Systematic equities was the biggest contributor to AUM growth,
but it was encouraging to see a broadening out of client interest
into our Global equities and UK equities capabilities. Assets
sourced from European clients increased by almost 40%, with
growth in both Italy and Germany. There was also ongoing
momentum evident in our Institutional business.

We also added more market-leading investment expertise in
2025. We brought in a new team to manage our European
equities capabilities who joined with a tong track record of both
excellent investment performance, and also of gathering assets
given their differentiated investment process. We also acquired
the investment team and client assets of Origin Asset
Management. This investment team also has an outstanding
track record of delivering investment returns ~ a track record
that was extended further after an exceptional 2025. The
opportunities for us to grow their client assets under
management are meaningful and were further supplemented
by the launch of a Global Smaller Companies active ETF at the
end of 2025.

Lastly but very importantly, the acquisition of the specialist
responsible investment manager CCLA completed in February
2026. This has added material scale to our business since then,
bringing an additional £15bn of client assets across the UK
non-profit sector. More details on CCLA, their position in the
market and how they interact with their clients can be found
‘on page 12.

() Decrease undue complexity

To deliver on our targeted 70% costiincome ratio, we will need to
pair our focus on increasing scale, with an ongoing focus on
taking undue complexity out of our business. A big part of that is
continuing to carefully manage costs. Our philosophy remains
to contro! costs where we can but to invest where we should, all
to ensure that we continue to drive future profitable growth.
More details can be found in the Financial Review on page 24.

As a management team over the last few years, we have
consistently evidenced our ability to thoughtfully and carefully
take complexity out of our business and with that reduce costs,
whilst also simultaneously enhancing client outcomes.

We continue to deliver on our commitments, with new cost
guidance and targets published in May. We stated in May

that we had identified an initial target of £15m of savings
which we will now deliver within 2026, ahead of our target date.

Despite ongoing inflationary pressures, non-compensation
costs again fell, to end the year at £99m. This compares to
£126m at the end of 2021. Once again, headcount was also lower
with 442 FTE as at the end of 2025, compared to 492 as at the
end of 2024 and 585 as at the end of 2021. Throughout, we have
worked hard to build and maintain a strong client-centric
culture and have achieved consistently high employee
engagement scores, more details of which can found from
page 50.

As part of our intense focus on removing undue complexity, we
continue to evolve our structures to ensure we have a suitably
efficient operating model. A significant change effected in 2025
has involved a meaningful consolidation of suppliers and the
outsourcing of a number of middle and back office operations
activities to Bank of New York Mellon (BNY). Together, this has
helped us be more efficient as a business and most importantly,
serve our clients better.

Where possible we also continue to embrace the opportunities
that come with increased levels of automation and a deeper
penetration of technology within our business. Most of our
people are already using no-code and low-code tools or
artificial intelligence to save time with workflows and redirect
effort to more value-added tasks - again, all to benefit our
clients and our shareholders.

(>) Broaden appeal to clients

In previous reviews, we have detailed the substantial work
undertaken to rationalise our product range and make some
changes to our investment management capability set. Our
activities in 2025 have incrementally sharpened the
attractiveness of our investment capabilities, reinforcing both
the active and differentiated nature of all that we do.

The acquisition of CCLA, one of the UK's leading responsible
investment businesses in the non-profit channel, has been
significant. This is a part of the UK market in which Jupiter did not
have a presence. The opportunities here therefore for us to
leverage the strengths of our businesses, as a more scaled
player in this large and growing client segment, are meaningful.

Within the underlying Jupiter business, last year saw the launch
of our first two active ETFs. We also launched our first fund on our
offshore Cayman Islands platform. Both of these initiatives will
allow us to leverage existing investment expertise into new client
segments. Investor needs are changing, and we must change
with them to stay relevant.