MOVING
FORWARD
WITH PURPOSE

Annual Report and Accounts 2023

3s
maa. JUPITER

MOVING
FORWARD
WITH PURPOSE

2023 was a challenging year for our industry, for active asset
managers in particular and by extension for Jupiter. In a complex
and volatile world there is so much that is beyond our influence,
whether as individuals or organisations.

At Jupiter, our focus is resolutely on ensuring that our business
is optimally positioned to deliver for our clients and other
stakeholders. This means understanding what we can't control,
such as monetary policy or geopolitics, and instead being
focused on what we can.

Our efforts are structured around four key strategic pillars:

to increase scale; to decrease undue complexity; to broaden
our appeal to clients; and to deepen relationships with all
stakeholders. Each decision we take, large or small, is ultimately
in pursuit of these goals. We know the road ahead will not be
smooth, but we travel it with confidence, continually moving
forward with purpose.

FINANCIAL
‘STATEMENTS

GOVERNANCE

OTHER
INFORMATION

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIs)!

NON-FINANCIAL KPIs

Investment performance

59%

2022: 51%

Assets under management
(AUM)

£52.2bn

2022: £50.2bn

Net flows

£(2.2)bn

2022: €(3.5)bn

Employee engagement

78%

2022: 71%

FINANCIAL KPIs

Net management fees

£354.0m

2022: £384.8m

Cost:income ratio

73%

2022: 69%

Underlying earnings per share
(EPs)

14.8p

2022: 3p

OUTCOME KPI

Total shareholder return

(25)%

2022: (42)%

1. More details on the Group's KPIs can be found on page 20, More details on the Group's use of
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) can be found on page 21.

See our full reporting at
www jupiteram.com/investor-relations.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2 Ourpurpose and cultural pillars

4 Ataglance

6 Chair's statement

8 — Chief Executive Officer's review

12 Market trends

14 Strategic overview

16 — Ourstrategic priorities

20 Key performance indicators

22 Business model

24 Financial review

32 Investment management

34 — Client delivery and experience

36 Sustainability

48 Stakeholder engagement

52 People and culture

64 Risk management

70 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

GOVERNANCE

72 Governance at a glance

74 — Chair's introduction to governance

76 Board of Directors

80 Governance framework

82 Board activities

88 Considering stakeholders in decision making

90 Board effectiveness

94 Nomination Committee report

98 — Audit and Risk Committee report

112 Remuneration Committee report

116 Executive remuneration at a glance

117 Directors’ remuneration policy

126 Annual report on remuneration

150 Directors’ report

156 Directors’ responsibility and
compliance statements

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

157 Group financial statements

161 _ Notes to the Group financial statements
195 Company financial statements

196 Notes to the Company financial statements
202 Independent auditors’ report

OTHER INFORMATION

212 Historical summary (unaudited)

213 The use of Alternative Performance Measures
216 Shareholder information

217 Glossary

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

OUR PURPOSE AND CULTURAL PILLARS

A STRONG PURPOSE
AND CULTURE

Our

Our
employees

&

We put
clients first

OUR PURPOSE
We create a better future

for our clients and the
planet with our active
investment excellence

We value
our people

WF
We challenge
ourselves

We succeed together

Our
shareholders

Our
communities

UNDERPINNED BY THE VALUE OF ACTIVE MINDS

We believe that generating sustainable long-term outperformance for our clients, in a complex
and challenging world, requires diversity of thought in all its aspects. The ability to be
agile, entrepreneurial and adaptable to solve problems is a human quality. This is why our approach
fosters real diversity of thinking, accountability, collaboration and a willingness to be challenged.
We seek to be flexible and change as circumstances and our environment evolve around us.

We believe that a combination of experience and creativity, as well as
a commitment to keep listening and learning across all of our business, enables us
to deliver for our clients and make a positive difference in the world.

We call this advantage

STRATEGIC FINANCIAL OTHER
REPORT GOVERNANCE || STATEMENTS } {INFORMATION
OUR CLIENTS
SYS At Jupiter, our clients are our focus and our priority. We are dedicated to serving our clients and
put their interests at the centre of our business. We have deep relationships that enable us to

understand what our clients need from us and we engage regularly with them to ensure we deliver
to their expectations. Our commitment to active asset management is our driving force.

(Our distinct, entrepreneurial culture encourages independence of thought and individual
accountability. This enables our investment managers to have the freedom to follow their convictions.
and seek those investment opportunities that they believe will ensure the best outcomes for our clients.

OUR EMPLOYEES

We believe that our value is in our people, whatever their role in the organisation. We encourage
collaboration, debate and diversity. Our employees have the freedom and support they need to
perform at their best, to challenge and be open to challenge.

When we recruit, we look for talented people to build a diverse workforce. We consider diversity,
equity and inclusion at a Group-wide level and firmly believe that fostering a culture which embraces
differences among people creates a stronger and more sustainable business. Through this
commitment to improving diversity, we actively promote independence of thought.

Jupiter is committed to developing its people through its talent and learning programmes.

We strongly encourage employee share ownership and have provided special awards of Jupiter
shares equally to all staff in each of the last five years, helping to align the interests of employees
and shareholders, which ultimately benefits our clients.

OUR SHAREHOLDERS

pea Through sustainable business growth and disciplined management of our capital base, we will
deliver strong total returns for shareholders. Our unwavering focus on meeting the needs of our
clients and delivering investment performance will help us generate inflows from new and existing
clients and drive the growth of the business.

Combining this business growth with rigorous operational and financial discipline will lead to strong
financial performance. Along with a carefully managed capital base, this will deliver total returns for
our shareholders.

OUR COMMUNITIES

B We add value to society in our role as responsible stewards of our clients’ assets, allocating capital
to protect and enhance the value of our clients’ investments. Active investment management is
‘not just about financial returns, but also about investing in sustainable businesses that create broader
value both for shareholders and wider society. As active long-term owners of the companies we
invest in, our investment teams engage with companies to understand material environmental,
social and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities and to drive improvement in behaviour.

We actively support the communities in which we operate through charitable giving and volunteering
opportunities. We also host a series of ‘financial confidence’ workshops, through which young people
from low income and/or ethnically diverse backgrounds are paired with Jupiter employees for
sessions on building financial literacy.

Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 3

ATA GLANCE

OUR BUSINESS

At 31 December 2023, our clients entrusted us to actively manage £52.2bn of their assets.
Delivering growth for clients through investment excellence is at the centre of what we do.

WHAT WE DO
Asset classes Client channels Distribution partner
We offer a number of investment strategies We offer a range of actively managed We primarily access our clients through
within four core asset classes: investment strategies through two a range of distribution partners:
principal client channels:
+ Equities * Fund of funds
© Fixed Income * Retail, wholesale & investment trusts * Platforms
+ Multi-Asset * Institutional * Global financial institutions
* Alternatives * Advisors
We earn revenues by charging fees to our + Wealth managers
Our investment teams are unconstrained by | Clients for the provision of investment «Life companies
a house view, but are supported by management services, typically based on © prota bone
specialists in ESG matters and data science, a percentage of AUM. fee
P * Institutional clients
within a rigorous risk oversight framework.
© Consultants
AUM by asset class ‘AUM by client channel AUM by distribution partner type
O Equities 61% ‘O Retail, wholesale & investment trusts 81% O Advisory 44%
O Fixed Income 18% O Institutional 9% O Discretionary 35%
O Multi-Asset 4% O Institutional 19%
O Alternatives % O Investment trusts %
OUR CULTURAL PILLARS
WE PUT CLIENTS WE VALUE OUR WE SUCCEED WE CHALLENGE
FIRST PEOPLE TOGETHER OURSELVES

For more information on our cultural pillars please see from page 52.

STRATEGI FINANCIAL OTHER
Citgo mmm | GOVERNANCE || STATEMENTS | [INFORMATION

WHO WE ARE
Talented individuals Meeting our clients’ needs An efficient operating model
delivering with conviction through working together We have a single operating platform, which
We enable talented individuals to pursue ‘We work together to innovate and deliver we continue to develop to reduce undue
their own investment styles. Without the the investment capabilities that help our complexity and aid effective collaboration.
constraints of a house view, our investment clients meet their objectives, providing the This allows us to adapt as market conditions
managers can follow their convictions to best outcomes for our clients, shareholders evolve, identify and respond to emerging
deliver the best outcomes for clients. and all our stakeholders. ‘Opportunities and support growth.
WHERE WE OPERATE

UK
66% 89%

AUM employees “a . ee

© Jupiter office
@ Third party
© Client service via local licensed distributors
@ Remote access

All employee data refers to full-time equivalent employees as at !January 2024

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 5

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

MOVING FORWARD WITH PURPOSE

This is my first statement as your Chair,
following my appointment to the role in

April 2023, having served on Jupiter’s Board since
JJune 2021. This has been a year of big change
for Jupiter, not least because it is the first full
year under our new CEO Matthew Beesley,
who we appointed in October 2022.

1am pleased to report that since his appointment
‘Matthew has accelerated the pace of change at Jupiter,
in particular by transforming our distribution model
to better address our current and future client needs,
by taking decisive actions on cost management
and ensuring our ongoing operational efficiency.
He has also significantly rationalised our fund
range whilst positioning the Group for growth,
with selective new fund offerings in response
to client demand and he has strengthened
relationships with our stakeholders.

Resilient underlying performance

Despite the good progress we have made
during the year on executing against our strategic
‘objectives, further information on which can be
found in the CEO's review on page 8, the challenging
macro environment and industry headwinds have
impacted our financial performance and share price.
Whilst our underlying profit before tax (PBT) for 2023
materially increased to £105.2m from £77.6m in 2022,
statutory profit before tax fell to £9.4m from £58m in 2022.
This decrease was primarily driven by an impairment of our
goodwill arising from the acquisition of Knightsbridge Asset
‘Management in 2007 and Merian Global Investors in 2020 in the
amount of £76.2m. Further information can be found in our Financial
review on page 28. Whilst we experienced slightly positive flows in
the first half of the year and rolling 12-month period, the challenging
macro environment dampened retail investor appetite in the second
half of the year, with outflows seen across the industry, resulting in
total net outflows across the Group in 2023 of £2.2bn (2022: £3.5bn).
However, as at the year end, AUM had increased to £52.2bn (2022:
David Cruickshank £50.2bn), driven by positive market performance.
Chair During 2023 our share price declined by 28%, meaning our total
return to shareholders, including dividends, has declined by 25%.
This is clearly disappointing and driven by a number of factors,
including our flow picture and the macro environment. We have
been particularly impacted by the Group's exposure to UK equities
“There are si ignifi icant chan ges which remain out of favour with investors. The Board is confident we

across the industry and I believe hy Nendwindh a ive nressed retro our shreelders
that Jupiter has the right strategy

and the right management team to

take advantage of many of these,

to generate long-term growth for

our business.”

STRATEGIC FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

OTHER
INFORMATION

REPORT

GOVERNANCE

A well-capitalised business

‘The Group has a strong balance sheet with a regulatory capital
surplus, as at 31 December 2023, of £177m. In addition to enabling
further investment in the business to accelerate growth, including
potential inorganic growth opportunities in the future, the strong
capital position has enabled us to make an additional return of £16m
of capital to shareholders. This was paid through the declaration of
a special dividend in the amount of 2.9p, with our interim results in
July 2023, and paid to shareholders on 1 September 2023. In line with
our capital policy to return 50% of pre-performance fee earnings
to shareholders, we have proposed a final year dividend of 3.4p
(2022: 0.Sp), bringing our total ordinary dividends paid in respect of
the year ended 31 December 2023 to 6.9p. Subject to approval at the
2024 AGM, the final dividend will be paid on 20 May 2024 to those
shareholders on the register on 19 April 2024.

A strong culture

Jupiter has a strong culture and one we can be proud of. This has

been further enhanced since Matthew's appointment, with positive
improvements in our employee engagement survey (as detailed from
page 52), increased internal communications and enhanced oversight
of culture and conduct matters, through the establishment of a Group
Culture and Conduct Committee. Our strong governance environment
helps to ensure we deliver good outcomes for our clients and wider
stakeholder groups.

Following my appointment as Chair | have spent more time in the business
with our teams. | have been particularly impressed by the intense focus on
client outcomes, a common desire to deliver positive change, and the
strength of relationships across the business.

The evolution of our Board and senior management team
During the year there were two changes to the Board. Firstly Nichola
Pease stepped down from the Board and as Chair, with effect from

26 April 2023. | would like to extend our sincere gratitude to Nichola.

‘She showed significant dedication to Jupiter in exceptional circumstances.
She led the Board through the pandemic, the acquisition and
integration of Merian and oversaw our successful CEO succession.
Nichola left a strong, cohesive Board and | would like to thank her
personally for the support provided to me since my appointment

to the Board and during the Chair transition.

Chris Parkin, a Non-Executive Director appointed by TA Associates, a
significant shareholder of the Group, stepped down from the Board at
the conclusion of the 2023 AGM in May. Chris joined the Board upon
the acquisition of Merian and helped enormously throughout the
integration. He brought a sharp strategic focus and a deep
understanding of the asset management industry. | would like to
thank Chris on behalf of all of our stakeholders and | am pleased that,
as a major shareholder, we are still able to benefit from his expertise.

In October we decided to restructure our Distribution function into
a dedicated Client Group, which was split into two key areas: a client
experience team to ensure an excellent experience is provided to

all of our clients led by Max Guenzl, who has been with Jupiter

since January 2007, and a client relationship team to help deepen

our relationships with our clients led by Mathias Mueller.

Our current COO, Paula Moore, will step down during 2024 and

our operations and technology functions now report into Wayne
Mepham, who has been appointed our Chief Financial & Operating
Officer. Paula has been with the firm for 27 years and made a
significant contribution to the development of the Group and |
would like to thank her on behalf of all stakeholders. We are pleased
she will remain on a number of our subsidiary and fund boards as a
Non-Executive Director and we will continue to benefit from her
expertise and knowledge of the Group. Wayne has a detailed
understanding of asset management operations, built throughout his
career in the industry. Since his appointment in 2019, Wayne has driven
progress in the functions he has overseen, leveraging the use of
technology and systems to improve delivery.

During 2023 we welcomed Kiran Nandra as our newly appointed
Head of Equities, who has made an excellent start to the role. Kiran,
together with our Head of Fixed Income, Matt Morgan, are focused
‘on developing high performance investment teams who continually
deliver good outcomes for our clients.

Finally, we have also announced some changes to our investment
management team. Ben Whitmore will leave Jupiter during 2024 to
pursue his ambition to establish his own boutique investment firm.
! would like to extend our thanks and best wishes to Ben.

We were pleased to announce the appointment of Adrian Gosden,
Chris Morrison and Alex Savvides as investment managers. The ability
to attract such strong talent, who have excellent performance track
records and deep relationships with their clients, in a challenging
environment is testament to Jupiter's strong culture and
management team.

Moving forward with purpose

There is no question that the macro environment and industry trends
remain challenging for the investment management industry, particularly
for active asset managers (please see page 12 for an overview of the
industry trends). However, we have a very strong belief in the value of
active asset management and the benefits this brings for clients, through
greater risk management, effective stewardship and an unwavering focus
on performance and delivering good outcomes for clients. There are
significant changes across the industry and I believe that Jupiter has the
right strategy and the right management team to take advantage of
many of these, to generate long-term growth for our business.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our stakeholders,
particularly our clients who continue to trust us to help them achieve
their investment objectives, our employees who work tirelessly to
deliver for our clients, and our shareholders for their continued
support and patience.

David Cruickshank
Chair

Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW

PROGRESS AGAINST
OUR STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

In my first letter to shareholders last year, | wrote
about the immense pride | had in being appointed
Chief Executive of your company. As | look back
on my first full year in the role, | remain very proud
to be leading this business but also pleased with
our achievements given what has been an
extremely challenging environment for
asset managers.

While bond yields were little changed over the last 12
months, and equities in aggregate largely moved
higher, clients maintained a prevailing sense of
caution throughout 2023.

What might be defined as ‘risk assets’ were
shunned given the yields available on cash or
cash-like instruments. These instruments are
naturally lower risk of course, and with a
heightened sense of uncertainty prevailing given
higher inflation, rising interest rates and
geopolitical tensions, clients found these assets to
be more attractive from a risk-reward perspective
than other longer-term investment opportunities.

This has been an immense challenge for all asset
managers, but one that has been particularly painful
for active firms like ours where our investors focus on

identifying inefficiently valued assets for the long-term
benefit of our clients. While this was a headwind for the
year as a whole, this pressure was particularly acute in the
second half, and as such could also remain a challenge for
the immediate period ahead.

Despite these challenges, | am glad to report a robust set of
financial results. Full details can be found in the Financial review on
page 24, but underlying profit before tax was up 36% to £105.2m.
However, excluding the impact of performance fees, underlying profit
before tax decreased by just under £3m. Lower average AUM and
pressure on fee margins resulted in a reduction in revenues, only
partially offset by cost savings, net gains on seed capital invested and
interest earned on cash in market money funds.

Matthew Beesley
Chief Executive Officer

We continued to see mandates fund from Institutional clients, with
net inflows of £1.8bn for the year. Risk-off sentiment from retail
clients, however, led to total net outflows of £2.2bn. Group AUM
finished the year at £52.2bn, a 4% increase on end December 2022.

“We are hopeful that 2024 will be a more positive
environment for active asset managers, and we are
better placed to capture any of this upside because of
our efforts and strategic focus over the last 12 months.”

STRATEGIC

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

OTHER
INFORMATION

REPORT GOVERNANCE

Progress despite the macroeconomic environment

Movements in the equity and bond markets are not something we can
influence, so it is imperative that we as a company remain focused on
what we can control and make necessary changes to position the
business to best capture growth opportunities.

We have made a lot of progress in this regard, some of which will not
be immediately visible in our results. We have undertaken a number of
initiatives which individually and collectively are helping us become a
more scaled, more efficient and a more client-centric company. |
believe these changes will ultimately lead to better outcomes for our
clients and shareholders when the environment becomes more
favourable for active asset managers.

It is difficult to predict when this may be. This time last year | spoke
of an ‘uncertain’ outlook for the year ahead. We remain in a period
of flux for the global economy, however it seems likely that the
heightened levels of inflation that have been seen across the world
may be behind us. At the time of writing, many market participants
and commentators expect interest rates to begin falling as inflationary
pressures abate. Whether or not they fall as fast as many expect or
perhaps hope, a general consensus that interest rates have peaked
should see a pick-up in clients’ risk appetite. Any shift here, even if only
incremental, should be positive for the asset management industry.

There is further ground for optimism for the year ahead. As
correlations between (and within) certain asset classes fall as part of
this normalisation process, volatility rises from low levels and a higher
dispersion of returns between different asset classes becomes more
pronounced, active asset managers are well placed to exploit these
changing conditions to the benefit of their clients.

Regardless of whether this happens or not, we will continue to stay
focused on what we can control, and as such our strategy is designed
to grow shareholder returns as much as we can control, regardless of
the prevailing macroeconomic backdrop.

In early 2023, | introduced the four key strategic objectives
that we believe will drive the future growth of Jupiter, which are
shown on the right.

All the decisions we take as a management team, and throughout the
firm, are taken with these objectives in mind. Everything we do is
focused on progressing against these aims, for the ultimate benefit of
our clients and all our stakeholders, and | am pleased to report we
have made considerable progress in this regard over the last year.

OUR STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

INCREASE
SCALE

.«in select geographies and channels
See page 16

DECREASE UNDUE
COMPLEXITY
with costs managed carefully through a

relentless pursuit of efficiency
See page 17

BROADEN OUR APPEAL
TO CLIENTS

..with a curated product offering, while
exploring new methods of delivery

See page 18

DEEPEN RELATIONSHIPS
WITH ALL STAKEHOLDERS

..with purpose and sustainability
embedded in all we do

See page 19

eo ® © ®

Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

9

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW CONTINUED

Increase scale

Of our four strategic objectives, increasing scale remains the most
important. In order to consistently and sustainably grow our business
‘over the medium term, we need to achieve top line revenue growth.
Running the business as efficiently as possible is crucial, but it will
not be enough on its own. While rising markets are usually helpful

in attracting clients into actively managed investment strategies,
there are other factors that we can control to help us grow our
revenue base.

One of the key areas of focus for scale is our Institutional business,
where we have demonstrated strong progress in recent years. We
generated total net inflows of £1.8bn from Institutional clients in 2023,
which amounts to £3.8bn over the last two years. Institutional clients
now entrust us to manage £10bn of their assets, which represents 19%
of our Group AUM, up from less than 10% only five years ago.

As our Institutional business has grown and we have continued to
demonstrate our expertise in this channel, we have found ourselves
working with new, larger and ever more sophisticated clients. In 2021,
the average mandate awarded to us was for around £100m of AUM. In
2022, this had increased to over £250m and has grown again this year
to over £500m.

We are also pleased to have a broad and deep late-stage pipeline of
potential further fundings from new and existing clients. Reassuringly,
these new and potentially pending mandates are also from a diverse
array of clients in different parts of the world and into a range of
investment strategies. While we have exhibited rapid growth in recent
years from this client type, we do know that as the book of business
grows and matures, so we will become more susceptible to clients
redeeming as their investment needs are met or change. Overall, the
outlook for our Institutional business remains positive, albeit unlikely
to be linear in its progression from here.

We have also previously noted the significant opportunity ahead in
‘our overseas businesses. While we have an on-the-ground client-
facing presence in seven geographies in addition to our London
headquarters, there are several markets in which we additionally
‘operate. While each of these is important to us, over the last year we
have added further resources into a few key markets, notably in Italy
and Germany, as well as increasing the focus of our central resources
‘onto these target countries given the potential for growth in each
case. While the benefits of this narrower focus will take time to fully
materialise, we are encouraged that assets from clients based outside
the UK now account for 34% of our total Group assets, up from 25%
five years ago, and we saw total net inflows of over £1bn in 2023.

While our international businesses are growing strongly, our home
market of the UK still remains core to the Group, and we are focused
on maintaining our market-leading position. In January 2024, it was
announced that Ben Whitmore, who has been at Jupiter since 2006,
would be leaving later in the year t