=)
JUPITER

The value of
active minds

Jupiter Fund Management pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

*AE31BIEI*

AIS 21/05/2025 #122
COMPANIES HOUSE i
*AE26YDKY™
A03 09/05/2025 #301
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

F

The value of
active minds

We believe that generating sustainable long-term

outperformance for our clients, in a complex and challenging

world, requires diversity of thought in all its aspects. The

ability

to be agile, entrepreneurial and adaptable to solve problems

is a human quality.

This is why our approach fosters accountability, collaboration and a willingness to be
challenged. We seek to be flexible and change as circumstances and our environment

evolve around us.

We believe that a combination of experience and creativity, as well as a commitment to
keep listening and learning across our business, enables us to deliver positive outcomes

for our clients. We call this advantage the value of active minds.

Key achievements

2024 was a challenging year for active asset managers, characterised by narrow markets and limited
client demand for risk assets. At Jupiter, we remain focused on those areas that we can control as we
make progress on each of our four key strategic objectives of increasing scale, decreasing undue

complexity, broadening appeal to clients and deepening relationships with all stakeholders.

Financial KPIs

Net management fees Cost:income ratio Underlying earnings per share
£331.3m 78% 13.4
e (+) e
2023: £354.0m 2023: 73% 2023:14.8p
Non-financial KPIs Outcome KPI

Assets under management Employee engagement
£45.3bn 79%
e (+)
2023: £52.2bn 2023: 78%
Investment performance Net flows
61% £(10.3)bn
° e
2023: 59% 2023: £(2.2)bn

More details on the Group’s'kPis can be found from page 20. More details on the
Group's use of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) can be found on page 201.

Total shareholder return

+1%

2023: (25)%

Strategic Report

Governance J rman stents KL Other Information J

Strategic report

2. Ataglance

4 Ourpurpose and culture

6 Strategic overview

8 — Ourstrategic objectives

12 Chair's statement

14 Chief Executive Officer's review

18 Market trends

20 Key performance indicators

22 Our business mode!

24 — Financial review

32 Investment management

34 Client solutions and experience

36 People and culture

46 — Sustainability

53 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

56 — Engaging with our stakeholders

60 Risk management

Governance

68

70

76

78

80

84

86

90

94

104

108

136

142

Chair's statement
Board of Directors
Governance at a glance
Governance framework
Board activities

Considering stakeholders in
decision making

How the Board operates
Nomination Committee report
Audit and Risk Committee report
Remuneration Committee report
Annual report on remuneration
Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibility and
compliance statements

Financial statements

143 Group financial statements

147 _ Notes to the Group
financial statements

182 Company financial statements

183 Notes to the Company financial
statements

190 independent auditor's report

Other information

200 Historical summary (unaudited)

201 The use of Alternative Performance
Measures

204 Shareholder information

205 Glossary of terms

More from our reporting suite

Our new Sustainability Report
contains more information on
TCFD & Transition Plans

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2024

1

Ata glance

Our business

At 31 December 2024, our clients entrusted us to manage £45.3bn of their assets.
This was invested across a range of asset classes and investment capabilities
and on behalf of retail, wholesale and institutional clients.

Asset classes AUM by asset class
We offer a number of investment strategies within four core O equi sox
asset classes: auities
O Fixed income 18%
+ Equities O Multi-asset 16%
+ Fixed Income O Atternatives e%
+ Multi-Asset
+ Alternatives
Our investment teams are unconstrained by a house view, but
are supported by specialists in sustainability and stewardship
matters and data science, within a rigorous risk oversight
framework.
Client channels AUM by client channel
We offer a range of actively managed investment strategies
s . O Retail, wholesale & investment trusts 86%
through two principal client channels:
O institutional ux
+ Retail, wholesale & investment trusts
+ Institutional
We earn revenues by charging fees to our clients for the
provision of investment management services, typically based
on a percentage of assets under management (AUM).
Investment capability AUM by investment capability
We provide investment expertise across a broad range
i 13%
of capabilities: © UK equities
© European equities ™
+ UK equities O Global equities 10%
+ European equities O systematic equities 22%
+ Global equities Asian and Emerging Morket equities 15%
+ Systematic equities O Mutti-manager 1%
O Fixed Income 19%

Asian and Emerging Market equities
Multi-manager
Fixed Income

a a

What we do and who we are

Talented individuals

delivering with conviction

We enable talented individuals to pursue
their own investment styles. Without the
constraints of a house view, our
investment managers can follow their
convictions to deliver the best outcomes
for clients.

Other Information J

Meeting our clients’ needs
through working together

We work together to innovate and deliver
the investment capabilities that help our
clients meet their objectives, striving to
deliver positive outcomes tor our clients,
shareholders and all our stakeholders.

Where our clients are and where we operate

UK Asia

66% 438 7% 16
AUM Employees AUM Employees
EMEA Rest of world

23% 38 4%

AUM Employees AUM

© supiter office

An efficient operating model

We have a single operating platform,
which we continue to develop to reduce
undue complexity and aid effective
collaboration. This allows us to adapt as
market conditions evolve, identify and
respond to emerging opportunities and
support growth.

© Tirepary © remote coverage

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Our purpose and culture

Our
employees

Our
clients

We put
clients first

Our purpose

We create a better future
for our clients with our
We challenge active investment We value our

ourselves excellence people

We succeed
together

Our

communities shareholders

Strategic Report

Governance J Financial Statements ML Other Information J

Our stakeholders

SY Our clients

At Jupiter, our clients are our focus and our priority. We
are dedicated to serving them and put their interests at
the centre of our business. We have deep relationships
that enable us to understand what our clients need from
us and we engage regularly with them to ensure we
deliver to their expectations.

ap Our employees

We believe that our value is in our people, whatever their
role in the organisation. We encourage collaboration and
debate, and we celebrate different perspectives. Our
employees have the freedom and support they need to
perform at their best, to challenge themselves and be
‘open to challenge.

w,

Our shareholders

Through sustainable business growth and disciplined
management of our capital base, we target strong total
returns for shareholders. Our unwavering focus on
meeting the needs of our clients and delivering
investment performance will help us grow AUM from new
and existing clients and drive the growth of the business.

_,

~
8 Our communities

We add value to society in our role as responsible
stewards of our clients’ assets, actively allocating capital
to protect and enhance the value of our clients’
investments, creating value for both shareholders and
wider society. We also actively support the communities
in which we operate through charitable giving and
volunteering opportunities.

Our cultural pillars

(— >)
ay We put clients first

A passionate focus on serving our clients and a
commitment to delivering superior performance atter
fees is central to why we exist. We aim to put the client at
the core of all decisions. Our business is built on trust, and
we collaborate and develop strong relationships.

Ne S/

W We value our people

Independence of thought and individual accountability
define us. We believe that diversity and the freedom to
think and act differently set us apart. We actively look for
ways to bring diverse perspectives into our decision
making, creating the space for everyone to have a
positive impact.

~~

We succeed together

‘Only by working together as one team can we meet
‘our individual and business goals, We maximise our
collective impact by working and winning as a global
team. Together, we focus on our strategy and prioritise

everything we do accordingly.

S

@ We challenge ourselves

We thrive on open debate, feedback and continuous
improvement. We welcome constructive challenge and
are not afraid to say what we think. We are driven and
continually seek out innovative and different solutions to
improve what we do and how we do it.

Jupiter Fund Management pic Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic overview

Our strategy

Increase scale

«din select geographies and channels

Progress in 2024

+ Achallenging year to increase scale, with outflows
primarily driven by departure of Value team.

+ Robust gross flows of £14.1bn.

+ Strong net flows into key areas of good performance
and strong client demand including our Asian
and Emerging Market equities and Systematic
equities capabilities.

+ Key new hires in UK equity, strengthening our
investment expertise.

+ Announced acquisition of team and institutional
assets of Origin, adding scale in Emerging Markets
equity and new expertise across other multi-regional
equity strategies since their arrival in early 2025.

+ Announced new team in European equities, providing
the opportunity to re-establish leadership position
in the asset class through 2025.

Relevant KPIs

+ Assets under management

+ Net flows

+ Net management fees

+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Costincome ratio

+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

+ Market disruption

+ Investment performance risk
+ Regulatory risk

N

Decrease undue complexity

..with costs managed carefully through a
relentless pursuit of efficiency

Progress in 2024

+ Ongoing cost discipline and focus on removing
undue complexity.

+ Total operating costs, excluding performance
fees, little changed from previous year, despite
inflationary environment.

+ Investment in data and technology. Key focus on
automation and improved digital platform across
Investment Management and the Client Group.

+ Review of middle office operating model, resulting
in outsourcing and the potential for consolidation.

+ Continued investment in training and development
of employees towards process automation
and optimisation.

Relevant KPis

+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Costincome ratio

+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks
+ Outsourcing and supplier risk
+ Technology and information security risk

Strategic Report

Governance J sane stctoments Other Information J

Broaden appeal to clients

With a curated product offering,
while exploring new methods of delivery

Progress in 2024

+ Ongoing curation of product range to ensure client
proposition remains distinct and differentiated.

+ Broader range, and deeper strength, of investment
expertise with key new hires.

+ Developing the Group's first active Exchange Traded
Fund (ETF), which was launched in February 2025.

+ Awarding of a Capital Market Services licence in
Singapore, allowing us to work with the mass affluent
segment in the region.

+ Continued investment in seed and catalyst funding,
with £127m of capital deployed, already leading to
£180m of net client inflows.

Relevant KPIs

+ Investment performance

+ Assets under management

+ Net flows

+ Net management fees

+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks
+ Investment performance risk
+ Regulatory risk

Deepen relationships with
all stakeholders

..with our purpose embedded in all we do.

Progress in 2024

+ Employee engagement score of 79%, one percentage
point ahead of the prior year and four ahead of the
financial services benchmark.

+ Positive progress towards achieving diversity targets
across all monitored metrics.

+ Introduced tiered pricing to UK fund ranges.
+ Total shareholder return of +1%.

+ Surplus capital deployed to total ordinary dividends of

5.4p per share. Announced a 3% share buyback
programme and the intention to repurchase £50m of
subordinated debt in 2025

Relevant KPIs

+ Employee engagement
+ Underlying earnings per share
+ Total shareholder return

Relevant principal risks

+ People risk

+ Regulatory risk

+ Outsourcing and supplier risk

Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Our strategic objectives

Increasing scale...

..in select geographies and channels

Of our four strategic objectives,
increasing scale remains the most
important. We have consistently

proven our ability to carefully

manage costs within our business.

But we remain cognisant that within an industry of declining revenue
margins and increasing regulatory costs, it is absolutely crucial that we

drive top line revenue growth.

Achieving scale is, of course, not only achieved in an absolute sense,
but relative to the effective leveraging of a tightly controlled cost base

and an efficient operating model.

Our overall AUM has decreased this year. This was primarily as a

result of one team’s departure, but also due to both actions we have

taken to rationalise our fund range and ongoing negative
sentiment, particularly within the retail client channel, towards
allocating to risk assets.

S

AUM by investment capability

O UK equities 13%
© European equities ™%
O Global equities 10%
O systematic equities 22%
O Asion and Emerging Market equities 15%
O Mutti-manager 1%
O Fixed income 19%

Asia & Emerging Market equities net inflows

£1.4bn

Systematic equities net inflows

£0.3bn

Despite this, there are areas of our business which have seen
significant increases in scale, most notably our Asian and
Emerging Markets equities capability. Our Indian Equity
strategies’ strong performance have continued to attract client
assets. They now have £2.7bn of AUM, a near 300% increase in
just two years. Our Asian income strategy also generated strong
net flows of over £500m and now manage £2.1bn of AUM.

Our Systematic equities capability saw ongoing momentum
and attracted gross flows of over £3bn in the year, with net
inflows of over £500m into the Global Equity Absolute Return
fund (GEAR).

Within Fixed Income, strong performance of our Global High
Yield strategy led to a near fivefold increase in AUM to over
£360m, while our Monthly Income bond fund grew more than
50% to over £300m.

In terms of client channels, we remain focused on building scale
with Institutional clients. Although our AUM of £6.4bn is lower
than at the start of the year, primarily as a result of the
departure of the Value team, we have ended the year with
deeper client relationships across a broader range of
investment strategies, including the investment team hires
joining during 2024 and 2025.

From a regional perspective, although European markets were
challenging, we saw continued momentum elsewhere, with our
Lotin American business reaching £1.8bn of AUM. We have also
recently been awarded a Capital Markets Services licence in
Singapore, allowing us to offer our investment strategies to a wider
range of clients in the region, including the mass affluent segment.

Decrease undue complexity.

..with costs carefully managed through a relentless pursuit of efficiency

a

With rising regulatory costs and
decreasing revenue margins,

it remains crucial that we
maintain our relentless focus on
efficiency and on decreasing
undue complexity across the
business.

We apply a zero-based budgeting mindset to ensure we are investing
appropriately and challenge ourselves to ensure we are achieving
value for money for required expenditure.

This rigorous tocus on cost discipline and decreasing complexity has
led to ongoing progress in controlling costs. We reported non-
compensation costs for 2024 of £109.5m and fixed staff costs of £79.1m,
little changed from the prior year, despite the backdrop of elevated
inflation and regulatory costs. Our headcount finished the year at 492,
the lowest level since 2016.

Total operating costs

£260m

Excluding performance tee-related costs

Fund closures and mergers

Lo

We have also continued to review our operating model with

a view to optimising our use of external suppliers and consider
outsourcing opportunities. We announced early in 2025 that
we had selected Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY) as
our strategic partner for outsourced middle office. This decision
best positions us to support clients across multiple time zones,
to increase speed to market for new initiatives, as well as

to support an ever-evolving regulatory landscape and

client demands.

This resolute focus on efficiency and cost discipline also allows
us to invest in the future growth of Jupiter, which in 2024 has
included a focus on data and automation through the firm.
We have made material progress this year in modernising
and simplifying our data infrastructure and improving how

we manage and use data across the Group.

We have also continued to explore the use of artificial
intelligence across the business, focusing on practical
applications and fostering innovation, while ensuring robust
governance and risk management. The Client Group has been
@ key focus for data-driven innovation, including the launch of
newly designed websites and the automation of regularly
updated presentations.

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Our strategic objectives continued

Broaden our appeal to clients

..with a curated product offering while exploring new methods of delivery

As we look to grow the business
sustainably, it is critical that

we remain an attractive and
committed partner to a broad
range of clients.

Firstly, that means delivering consistent investment performance
through our truly active, high-conviction strategies. Our aggregate
investment performance improved this year, with 61% of our mutual
fund assets outperforming their peer group median to end

December over a three-year period. The majority of our larger funds
are performing well, but there are specific challenges, most notably
around our unconstrained fixed income strategies and European
equities, More details on our performance can be found from page 32.

Broadening appeal to clients also means deepening our investment

Investment outperformance

61%

Seed capital deployed

£127m

expertise and broadening our product offering into areas of high
client demand where we can be differentiated - both of which
will ultimately also increase scale.

This year, we have made a number of key hires of talented
investors. With highly-regarded teams having assumed
responsibility for our UK Income and UK Value strategies, we
believe we now have the strongest UK equity line up today in
Jupiter's history and one of the broadest and highest quality
teams across the industry. We have also announced the hiring
a well-regarded and highly successful European equities team,
which puts us in a strong place to re-establish our position as a
market leader in the asset class when they join in 2025. Finally,
we announced the acquisition of the team and assets of Origin,
who bring scale in the institutional channel and Emerging
Markets, as well as broadening our expertise in other multi-
regional equity strategies.

We continued to explore new methods of delivery and in
February 2025 launched our first actively managed ETF, which is
a government bond strategy. As we work with our clients to help
satisty their evolving needs in this area, this could be the first in
a range of active ETFs.

We have used our own capital to broaden our appeal to clients,
providing seed and catalyst funding to a range of strategies.
This has proved successful in a number of areas, including the
Global High Yield bond fund, which with just over £30m of
catalyst funding, has now grown to over £350m of AUM.

We have continued to carefully curate our client proposition,
ensuring that it remains differentiated. In aggregate, we have
closed or merged Il funds this year with a continued focus on
sub-scale products.

We have also continued to invest in our Client Group, making
significant progress in improving our client experiences. Along
with a Group-wide focus on data and automation across our
processes, the Client Group has also found opportunities to
better use technology in how we source, on-board, service and
support our clients. Their needs are rapidly changing and the
way in which we interact with them is evolving aligned to their
needs, This work has been reflected in an overalll satisfaction
score from our client survey of 7.8, little changed from last
year's 8.1 despite some performance challenges in some

key products.