Ss
JUPITER

FOCUSING
FOR THE FUTURE

JUPITER FUND MANAGEMENT PLC
Acco

COMPANIES HOUSE

FOCUSING

FOR THE FUTURE

2022 provided a stark reminder to us all of what

an unpredictable world we inhabit and, naturally,

of the need to be alert to opportunities and threats.
At Jupiter, we are focusing relentlessly on ensuring
that our business is optimally positioned to support
our clients and other stakeholders.

We have made significant strides in sharpening the
focus of our product range to meet the needs of
investors through the remainder of this decade
and beyond, while remaining true to our roots as a
genuinely active, specialist asset management firm.
We are, by our very nature, far-sighted in our
approach, and yet we remain as convinced as ever
of the crucial role that high-conviction, active
managers have to play.

Asa forward-looking business, we will do everything
in our power to continue to innovate and, by so
doing, to deliver products and services that meet
the needs of our clients, of society and of the
planet today, tomorrow, and far into the future.

8

Agile & Focused

30

Active Strategies

36

Sustainability woven
through the fabric
of our firm

54

Diverse & Inclusive

Strategic report

1 Highlights

2 Ourpurpose and cultural pillars
4 Ataglance

6 — Chair's statement

Agile and focused

10 Chief Executive Officer's review

14 Market trends

16 Ourstrategy

18 Ourkey performance indicators

20 Our business modet

22 Chief Financial Officer's review

Active strategies

32 Investment management

34 Product and distribution

Sustainability woven through

the fabric of our firm

38 Sustainability woven through
the fabric of our firm

39 Sustainability in our operations

42 Active ownership

44 Engagement in action

45 Sustainability governance

46 TCFD report

52. Engaging with our stakeholders

Diverse and inclusive

56 People and culture

59 Diversity, equity and inclusion

64 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

66 Our approach to risk management

Governance

74 Chair's introduction to governance

76 Compliance statement

77 Board of Directors

80 Executive Committee

81 Governance framework

82 Board activities

88 Considering stakeholders in decision making

90 Board effectiveness

92. Board evaluation

94 Nomination Committee report

99 Audit and Risk Committee report

112. Remuneration Committee report

16 Annual report on remuneration

139. Directors’ report

145. Directors’ responsibility and
compliance statements

Financial statements

146 Group financial statements

150 Notes to the Group financial statements
179 Notes to the Company financial statements
186 Independent auditors’ report

Other information
194 Historical summary (unaudited)

195 The use of Alternative Performance Measures

198. Shareholder information
199 Glossary

NON-FINANCIAL KPIs

Investment performance

51%

2021: 58%

Assets under management

£50.2bn

2021: £60.5bn

Net flows

£(3.5)bn

2021: £(3.8)bn

Employee engagement

71%

2021: 70%

FINANCIAL KPIs!

‘Net management fees

£384.8m

2021: £453.7m

Cost:income ratio

69%

2021: 61%

Underlying earnings per share

T1.3p

2021: 317p

OUTCOME KPI

Total shareholder return

(42)%

2021: (2)%

1. More details on the Group's use of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) can be found

from page 195

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

all ,
A STRONG PURPOSE
AND CULTURE

&

We put clients first

OUR PURPOSE

We create a better future
for our clients and the
planet with our active
investment excellence.

We value our people

We succeed together

UNDERPINNED BY THE VALUE OF ACTIVE MINDS

We believe that generating sustainable long-term outperformance for our clients, in a complex
and challenging world, requires diversity of thought and mindset in all its aspects. The ability to be
agile, entrepreneurial and adaptable to solve problems is a human quality. This is why our approach

fosters real diversity of thinking, accountability, collaboration and a willingness to be challenged.

We seek to be flexible and change as circumstances and our environment evolve around us.

We believe that a combination of experience and creativity, as well as
a commitment to keep listening and learning across all of our business, enables us
to deliver for our clients and make a positive difference in the world,

We call this advantage the value of active minds.

2 Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

CREATING
VALUE FOR

CLIENTS

At Jupiter, our clients are our focus and our priority. We are dedicated to serving our
clients and put their interests at the centre of our business. We have deep relationships
that enable us to understand what our clients want from us and we engage continuously
with them to ensure we deliver to their expectations. Our commitment to active asset
management is our driving force. Our investment managers have the freedom to pursue
their own investment style within a collegial environment and with a shared commitment
to sustainability.

Our distinct, entrepreneurial culture encourages independence of thought and individual
accountability. This enables our investment managers to follow their convictions and seek
those investment opportunities that they believe will ensure the best outcomes for our clients.

EMPLOYEES

We believe that our value is in our people, whatever their role in the organisation. We
encourage collaboration, debate and diversity. Our employees have the freedom and
support they need to perform at their best, to challenge and be open to challenge.

When we recruit, we look for talented people to build a diverse workforce. We consider
diversity, equity and inclusion at a Group-wide level and firmly believe that fostering a
culture which embraces differences among people creates a stronger and more sustainable
business. Through this commitment to improving diversity, we actively promote
independence of thought.

Jupiter is committed to developing its people through its talent and learning programmes.
We strongly encourage employee share ownership and have provided free Jupiter share
awards to all staff in each of the last four years, helping to align the interests of employees
and shareholders, which ultimately benefits our clients.

SHAREHOLDERS

Through sustainable business growth and disciplined management of our capital base,
we will deliver strong total returns for shareholders. Our unwavering focus on meeting
the needs of our clients and delivering investment performance, will help us generate
inflows from our clients and drive the growth of the business.

Combining this business growth with rigorous financial discipline will lead to strong financial
performance. Along with a carefully managed capital base, this will deliver total returns for
‘our shareholders.

SOCIETY

We add value to society in our role as responsible stewards of our clients’ assets,
allocating capital to protect and enhance the value of our clients’ investments. Active
investment management is not just about financial returns, but also about investing in
sustainable businesses that create broader value both for shareholders and wider society.
We believe that these companies have better long-term growth prospects, which also
delivers benefits for our clients.

As active long-term owners of the companies they invest in, our investment teams engage
with companies to understand material environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and
‘opportunities and to drive improvement in company behaviour. Our approach to
stewardship may differ by strategy and asset class, but it is always centred on improving
client outcomes through active ownership and, as long-term investors, we create sustained
and effective relationships with investee companies.

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Strategic Report * Ataglance

OUR BUSINESS

At 31 December 2022, our clients entrusted us to actively manage £50.2bn of their assets.
Delivering growth for clients through investment excellence is at the centre of what we do.

WHAT WE DO

We create a better future for our clients and the planet with our active investment excellence

Asset classes AUM by asset class
We offer a number of investment strategies within four core asset classes: ;
Equities 57%
+ Equities Fixed Income 2%
* Fixed income Multi-Asset 4%
‘Alternatives ™%
+ Multi-Asset £50.2bn
+ Alternatives
‘Our investment teams are unconstrained by a house view, but are supported by
specialists in ESG issues and data science.
Client channels AUM by client channel
We offer a range of actively managed investment products through two principal
channels. These comprise: imenes ° 8 Pane Retail, wholesale &
investment trusts 86%
+ Retail, wholesale & investment trusts Institutional 4%
* Institutional £50.2bn
We earn revenues by charging fees to our clients for the provision of investment
management services, typically based on a percentage of the assets under
management (AUM). We also have the potential to earn performance fees across
a number of investment strategies.
Distribution partner AUM by distribution partner type
We primarily access our clients through a range of distribution partners.
. . Advisory 4%
Our core partners include: Advisory
Discretionary Pq
* Funds of funds Institutional 4%
* Platforms Dect bid
£50.2bn investment trusts %
+ Global financial institutions other m

Advisers

Wealth managers
Life companies
Private banks
Institutional clients
Consultants

4 Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

HOW WE DO IT

Talented individuals

delivering with conviction

We enable talented individuals to pursue their
own investment styles. Without the constraints
of a house view, our investment managers can
follow their convictions to deliver the best
‘outcomes for clients,

WHERE WE OPERATE

Jupiter office

Third party

Client service via local licensed distributors
Remote access

Rest of world
™% DB
AUM employees

OUR CULTURAL PILLARS

S

We put clients first

We value our people

Meeting our clients’ needs

through working together

We work together to innovate and deliver the
investment capabilities that help our clients
meet their objectives, providing the best
‘outcomes for our clients, shareholders and

all our stakeholders.

UK
68%

Employee data refers to full-time equivalent employees as at Ianuary 2023.

For more on our cultural pillars, please see from page 56.

An efficient

operating model

We have a single operating platform,

which we continue to develop to reduce undue
complexity and aid effective collaboration.
This allows us to adapt as market conditions
evolve, identify and respond to emerging
‘opportunities and support growth.

455°

AUM employees
EMEA
21% 40
AUM. employees
Asia
*
4% 14
AUM employees
Wy ©
aa
We succeed together We challenge ourselves

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022.5

Strategic Report * Chair's statement

DELIVERING CHANGE TO
PROMOTE JUPITER’S SUCCESS

Dear Stakeholder

This year has seen a significant amount of change. The rapidly evolving
economic environment, largely driven by geopolitical issues, has impacted
us all, including our business here at Jupiter. Following our change in CEO
at Jupiter, we have implemented appropriate changes across the
management and structure of our business, to ensure we have an agile
and sustainable business, which can adapt to the ever-changing macro
environment. My opening report provides an overview of the key market
trends, how these have impacted our business performance and the
changes we have made to accelerate our business during the year.

Market environment

As global economies were endeavouring to recover from the pandemic

in the early part of this year, Russia invaded Ukraine causing significant
market declines and expediting increases in inflation, which in turn has
driven the current cost of living crisis, The volatile markets continued later
in the year, with the rapidly changing political environment in the UK,
resulting in further market disruption which further dampened appetite
for UK investments. Diversification has been challenging for investors, with
bond and equity markets falling together in a correlated manner and a
style rotation from growth to value further changing investor demand.

Business performance

‘AUM declined from £60.Sbn as at 31 December 2021 to £50.2bn as at

31 December 2022, primarily driven by market declines of £6.8bn

coupled with continued outflows of £3.5bn, Aside from the prior year’s
performance fees, which were not expected to be repeated, the decline
in AUM was the primary driver of the decrease in underlying profit before
tax (PBT) to £77.6m (31 December 2021: £216.7m).

6 Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Once again the Group has achieved very strong gross sales of £15.1bn
(31 December 202: £16.Sbn), but this has been offset by outflows from
some of our strategies. This includes two of our larger strategies; our
unconstrained fixed income franchise, where there has been reduced
investor appetite for bond markets, and our small and UK Mid Cap, the
performance of which has been impacted by a higher weighting in
growth-oriented stocks.

We are encouraged that net flows improved considerably in the

second half of the year to a net inflow position of £0.lbn from £3.6bn

net outflows in the first half. This was due to a number of large segregated
mandate wins from institutional clients, the development of which has
been a strategic priority for the Group. It is pleasing to see our recent
investments starting to deliver in this key growth area. For further
information on our business performance please see our CEO and

CFO statements on pages 10 and 22 respectively.

CEO transition

‘The most important change made to the management of our business was
the appointment of Matt Beesley as CEO, effective | October 2022. A key
role of the Board is to ensure that there are appropriate succession plans
in place for Board and senior management roles. When Andrew Formica
joined Jupiter as the Group CEO in March 2019, he indicated his anticipated
tenure in the role and the Board had developed succession plans aligned
to this. Further information on the process can be found within our
Nomination Committee Report on page 94.

Matt joined the business in January 2022 as Group Chief Investment
Officer (CIO) and his appointment strengthened the pipeline of talent
within the organisation. He has made an immediate impact on the
business, He has developed and implemented plans to rationalise the
Group's fund range, to ensure it is more coherent for our clients and to
reduce complexity. Since his appointment as CEO, Matt has taken decisive
actions to promote Jupiter’s success and adapt to market and industry
conditions. He has shown strong leadership skills and brings dynamism
and energy to the role. The Board is encouraged by the progress Matt has
made in evolving and adding to the Group's strategy, as well as addressing
many short-term challenges in the current economic environment.

We look forward to working with him and his management team to
deliver for all of Jupiter's stakeholders.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to extend our thanks to Andrew
Formica, who has led the firm over the last three and a half years, through
what has been exceptional circumstances, Andrew prioritised investments
in key areas such as our institutional business which are delivering positive
benefits, as well as completing the Merian Global investors Limited
(Merian) acquisition which has created a more resilient business and
provided additional growth opportunities.

Board and senior management

There have been two further changes to the Board during the year. Suzy
Neubert was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 March 2022.

The Board is delighted with the contribution Suzy has made, particularly
her knowledge of distribution and marketing. Polly Williams stepped down
as a Non-Executive Director after serving eight years on the Board. | would
like to thank Polly once again for her material contribution to the Group's
development and expert stewardship of our Audit and Risk Committee.

In line with our succession plans, David Cruickshank has successfully

taken over as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Chris Parkin, a Non-Executive Director and representative of one of our
major shareholders, TA Associates, has confirmed he will not seek
re-election as a Director at the 2023 annual general meeting (AGM). Chris
joined the Board following the acquisition of Merian from TA Associates in
July 2020 and has played an important role in the integration of Merian and
future strategy of the enlarged group. Although TA Associates retain the
right to appoint an individual to the Board while they hold 10% or more of
the issued share capital, this right will be waived and it is not currently
proposed to replace Chris on the Board. | would like to take the
opportunity to thank Chris for the support throughout the Merian
integration and for his sharp strategic insights provided during his tenure.

Matt has made a number of changes to his executive team, with a
streamlined Executive Committee and the introduction of a senior
management team (SMT), which has a broader membership from across
the business. The SMT’s remit is to assist the Executive Committee in the
efficient execution of the Group's strategy.

Following Matt's appointment as CEO, the management structure of
Investment Management has also been changed, with the appointment of
both a Head of Equities and Head of Fixed Income replacing the former ClO
role. Our Group Risk and Compliance team have also been restructured with a
separation of the functions under newly created roles; Head of Risk and Head
cof Compliance, both of whom now report into our CFO, Wayne Mepham.

All of the above-mentioned roles have joined the SMT and further
information on our governance can be found in the Governance Report,
starting on page 74.

Purpose, culture and strategy

Our purpose is clear - we create a better future for our clients and the
planet with our active investment excellence.

We have reviewed and refined our purpose statement to focus on
outcomes and ensure sustainability is woven through all we do. Our clients
have always been at the centre of our business and as stewards of their
capital we are responsible for deploying this in a sustainable way, cognisant
of our impact on, and responsibility to, the planet. We have previously
committed to achieving net zero across our business operations and our
product range by 2050. We have also signed the Finance for Biodiversity
Pledge, which commits us to protecting and restoring biodiversity through
‘our investments. Further information on our sustainability strategy and
progress thereon can be found from page 38.

We have continued to focus on Jupiter’s culture, especially in light of the level
of change across the organisation. Ensuring we have the right people and the
right culture is essential to achieving our purpose and strategy. In light of the
competitive talent market, staff retention has been a priority throughout the
year. We have targeted salary increases to support our junior staff during the
cost of living crisis. We have also focused on supporting our employees, with
improved policies to support our staff at key points in their lives and careers.

Although we have maintained our focus on the key strategic growth areas we
have previously highlighted, institutional, international and sustainability, Matt
has reviewed, re-prioritised and refined these, in order to accelerate our
growth. Further information can be found in the CEO report on page 10.
Business initiatives

There have been a number of changes already implemented or in progress to
help drive the success of Jupiter. As previously mentioned, Matt has launched
a fund rationalisation programme with a 25% reduction in funds by number,
which will reduce complexity and addresses product proliferation. At the year
end, almost half of the proposed product changes had been implemented.

In our Q3 trading statement in October 2022 we provided a business
update, in light of Matt's recent appointment, which included the
announcement of a programme to simplify our structure and reduce costs.
‘These are never easy decisions to take and the Board carefully considered
the impact on our stakeholders. However, in light of the market
environment and the broader challenge for the asset management
industry, these changes were necessary. There has been extensive
engagement with, and support offered to, our employees and further
information can be found from page 56.

There is a large amount of regulatory change driving the business’

agenda and we are seeing increasing divergence of requirements

across jurisdictions. On 1 January 2023, we became an enhanced firm under
the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) Senior Manager and Certification
Regime (SMCR). We have commenced a project to ensure our compliance
with the new Consumer Duty requirements and this is a key priority for
2023, which we are embedding within our broader conduct framework.

Capital policy

A further development announced with the Q3 trading statement was to
‘our capital policy. From full year 2023 we will move away from a progressive
dividend policy and our ordinary dividend policy will be set to 50% of
pre-performance fee earnings and not subject to the previous year's
minimum amount. The Board has also confirmed that it will continue to make
additional returns of capital on a periodic basis, based on the needs of the
business for growth and maintaining a healthy regulatory surplus.

In line with our previous guidance we are returning 70% of the cumulative
underlying earnings per share (EPS) for 2021 and 2022. Pursuant to that,
and in light of the Group's strong capital position and Company valuation,
the Board approved a share repurchase programme to the value of £10m,
which was completed on 20 January 2023. In total the Company bought
back just over &m shares for a weighted average price of £1.237.

In transitioning to our new dividend policy and in line with our

previous guidance, the Board has approved an additional return of capital
to shareholders, of up to £16m, which will be completed through a further
share repurchase programme. The programme will commence later in

2023 and all shares purchased under the programme will be cancelled.

The Board have also recommended to shareholders a final dividend for the
year ended 31 December 2022 in the amount of 0.5p per share. If approved
by shareholders at the 2023 AGM the dividend will be paid on 19 May 2023
to those shareholders on the register on 21 April 2023. Further information
‘on our capital policy can be found on page 28.

Outlook

Whilst the wider macro-economic environment and industry headwinds
remain challenging, we have already taken decisive action to reduce the
complexity and costs in our business and to ensure our product range
delivers solutions for our clients’ needs. We believe our refocused strategy
and increased agility will help to drive Jupiter's success for the benefit of
all our stakeholders.

I would like to thank all of our stakeholders, particularly our employees
who have continued to work tirelessly on behalf of our clients, throughout
a challenging and very active period, and our clients who continue to trust
us with the effective stewardship of their investments.

NICHOLA PEASE
Non-Executive Chair

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022.7

Strategic Report» How weare focusing for the future

AGILE
& FOCUSED

8 Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Although the active management industry is strong
and growing, it is clear that there are a number of
challenges to future growth. These challenges have
been exacerbated by the volatile market and
economic backdrop over the last year.

Investment managers face top line pressure from
both ongoing reductions to fees and from declining
markets, These fee pressures arise from a number of
areas, including pricing pressures from competition
but also ongoing shifts towards lower priced areas.
Concurrently, there are pressures on costs, with
‘operational complexity increasing and regulatory
focus continuing unabated.

Against this backdrop, it is critical that Jupiter remains
relentless in its pursuit of efficiency. We have an
opportunity to be agile in shaping our operating
model. If we can improve our overall efficiency and
drive scalability, this will be key in freeing up capacity
to invest in areas where we expect to deliver
increased scale or new areas of growth.

In 2022, we have reviewed our entire operating
model to drive efficiencies and to create capacity for
future growth.

FOCUSING ON BECOMING A MORE AGILE BUSINESS

We have reviewed our product range and concluded
that we had too many funds which were sub-scale or
undifferentiated, which risked diluting our active,
high-conviction approach, Through closures, mergers
and repositionings, almost one third of our mutual
fund range will be impacted and, once complete,

we will have reduced the range by around 25%.

We have also undertaken a restructuring programme.
Governance structures have been changed to enable
robust but faster decision making. Our Executive
Committee is now smaller, more agile and able to take
key decisions quicker - backed up by a broader senior
management team. The restructuring programme has
resulted in our headcount being some 15% lower than
had been previously planned.

With a relentless focus on efficiency and on value
for money, we have also reviewed all of our supplier
relationships and challenged those costs, particularly
in areas of discretionary spend.

‘These decisive management actions have reduced
undue complexity in Jupiter and positioned ourselves
for future growth.

Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022.9

Strategic Report + Chief Executive Officer's review

A MORE FOCUSED

AND AGILE BUSINESS

“Jupiter has all the right
foundations to continue to
be a leading and successful
investment management
business. We are intensely
focused on improving the
aspects of our business that
we can control to deliver the
best possible outcomes for
all of our stakeholders.”

MATTHEW BEESLEY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,

10 Jupiter Fund Management ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

It was with a great sense of pride that | stepped into the
role of Chief Executive Officer on 1 October 2022, and!
am honoured to be writing this, my first letter to you, our
stakeholders, in this year’s Annual Report and Accounts.

In the eight months preceding my appointment, | was fortunate enough to
get an excellent grounding in the business during my time as Jupiter's Chief
Investment Officer. It was clear to me when | joined that we had a range
of distinctive and differentiated investment propositions that were
helping address a range of unmet client needs. Investment management
businesses are human capital businesses and Jupiter was — and is — full of
talented and committed people from a range of different geographies and
backgrounds, all striving to deliver exceptional investment outcomes and
client service for our increasingly broad client base.

This is the bedrock on which successful investment management
businesses are built and Jupiter has all the right foundations to continue
to bea leading and successful investment management business.

My immediate focus has been on sharpening this client proposition.

The last few years, however, have undoubtedly been challenging for our
company but also our wider industry, with the economic backdrop of the
last 12 months putting us under further pressure. Our share price fell by
just under 50% last year and at the end of the year was almost 75% off its
high point at the end of 2017, All of our permanent employees are also
shareholders, so we have be