Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 15 September 2026 15 September 2026 Trustpilot Group plc Directorate Change As announced on 24 March 2026, Marcus Roy took up the role of Chief Financial Officer of Trustpilot Group plc and joined the Board effective 14 September 2026. Hanno Damm stepped down from the Board on the same date and will remain with the business until October 2026 to ensure a seamless transition. This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R. There are no matters that require disclosure under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Contacts Trustpilot Group plc Headland Consultancy Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations Priyal Soni, Investor Relations investor.relations@trustpilot.com Tel: +44 (0) 7813 210 809 Tel: +44 (0) 7391 859 625 Stephen Malthouse Rob Walker Charlie Pepper trustpilot@headlandconsultancy.com Tel: +44 (0)20 3805 4822 About Trustpilot Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple idea - that trust between people and businesses should be built on transparency, not guesswork. As the worldʼs largest open customer feedback platform, Trustpilot is where people share their experiences and businesses respond in public. Home to more than 394 million reviews, Trustpilot helps people make more informed decisions, while giving businesses the insights and tools to build trust, grow and improve. We apply clear rules to every review and every business, combining advanced technology with human expertise to protect the integrity of the platform. Headquartered in Copenhagen, Trustpilot operates globally with offices across the UK, Europe, North America and Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and