Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 21 April 2026 21 April 202 6 Trustpilot Group plc Appointment of John-Paul Savant as Independent Non-Executive Director Trustpilot Group plc (the "Company") is pleased to announce the appointment of John-Paul Savant as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, with effect from the close of the Annual General Meeting on 19 May 2026. John-Paul has served as Chief Executive Officer of Auction Technology Group plc ("ATG"), a London Stock Exchange-listed global leader in online auction marketplaces and technology, since 2016. Before ATG, he had 20 years of experience in digital marketplaces and commerce, having spent almost 10 years at eBay/PayPal, serving in a number of leadership roles, latterly as PayPal's Vice President of Product, Experience, and Consumer Engagement for EMEA and, thereafter, holding the role of Chief Executive Officer of Think Finance UK. John-Paul began his career at J.P. Morgan in New York after graduating from Georgetown University in Washington DC, and holds an MBA from the University of Chicago. Zillah Byng-Thorne, Chair of Trustpilot Group plc, commented: "We are delighted to welcome John-Paul to the Trustpilot Board. He brings deep expertise in scaling digital marketplace businesses and a strong track record of driving value through technology-led transformation. John-Paul's experience will be a tremendous asset as we continue to execute our growth strategy. We look forward to the contributions he will make." John-Paul Savant, commented: " Trustpilot plays a uniquely important role in today's economy, and that role will only grow as AI becomes more deeply embedded in how consumers discover and evaluate businesses. In a world where AI-generated content is increasingly prevalent, genuine human reviews and transparent trust signals matter more than ever - for consumers making decisions and for businesses that want to earn and demonstrate their credibility. I am delighted to be joining the Board at such an exciting moment in Trustpilot's journey and look forward to contributing to the next chapter of its growth." Additional disclosure John-Paul Savant is currently Chief Executive Officer and Director of Auction Technology Group plc. No further information is required to be disclosed pursuant to paragraph 6.4.8 R of the UK Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. Enquiries: Trustpilot Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7813 210 809 Financial PR Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse Rob Walker Charlie Pepper +44 (0)73 1136 9861 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and