Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 29 June 2026 Trustpilot Group Plc Trustpilot and Shopify strengthen partnership to power the future of reviews in the age of AI LONDON - 29 June, 2026 - Trustpilot , the world's largest open customer feedback platform, today announces that it has become a key product partner for reviews within Shopify , deepening its role within one of the world's largest providers of essential internet infrastructure for commerce. The partnership comes as trusted third-party feedback plays an increasingly important role in online shopping. As AI continues to reshape digital commerce and make it easier to launch and scale online storefronts, consumers are placing greater value on real customer experiences and independent reputation signals when deciding where to spend their money. Through the enhanced Trustpilot app on the Shopify App Store, Shopify merchants will be able to connect their stores directly with the Trustpilot platform, making it easier to collect, manage, and showcase reviews. Trustpilot's enhanced role within the Shopify ecosystem supports merchants in building a stronger foundation of customer feedback that can help reinforce transparency, credibility and consumer confidence in the age of AI-driven commerce. As AI-powered search, recommendations, and shopping assistants increasingly rely on trusted third-party signals to evaluate and surface brands, Trustpilot helps merchants strengthen the trust signals, citations, and reputation data that can influence visibility. Adrian Blair, CEO of Trustpilot, said : "Trust has become one of the defining signals people rely on when deciding which business, service or retailer to choose. As customer journeys become faster, more automated and increasingly AI-driven, people want confidence that the companies they buy from are genuine, transparent and reliable. This partnership brings Trustpilot closer to where purchase decisions are being made every day, making it easier for merchants to build credibility through open customer feedback, while helping shoppers see trusted reviews more naturally within the Shopify experience." Deann Evans, Managing Director, EMEA of Shopify , said: "Merchants want simple ways to build credibility with customers as they grow online. As AI changes how people discover and decide what to buy, independent customer feedback becomes one of the strongest signals a merchant can build. Making Trustpilot reviews easier to collect, manage and surface across Shopify helps our merchants compete on one of the things that matters most to any business, genuine customer trust." The enhanced app for Shopify includes improved data synchronisation and automated features designed to simplify review collection and management for merchants. General availability of the new app is live as of June 29, 2026. ENDS Contacts Trustpilot Group plc Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations Priyal Soni, Investor Relations investor.relations@trustpilot.com +44 (0) 7813 210 809 +44 (0) 7391 859 625 Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse / Rob Walker / Charlie Pepper trustpilot@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 About Trustpilot Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever - to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial - we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve. Today, we have more than 361 million reviews and 160 billion annual Trustpilot brand impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we're headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 3 hours ago Trustpilot Group 3 hours ago Speedy Hire 3 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and