Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 27 April 2026 Trustpilot Group Plc Trust Capital Markets Event Trustpilot Group Plc ("Trustpilot" or the "Company") is pleased to announce it will be hosting a Trust education event for investors and sell-side analysts on Wednesday 6 May 2026. The event will be held at Trustpilot's London headquarters and will provide a deep-dive into the Company's trust infrastructure and allow interactions with the wider Trust team. It will focus on the proprietary technology and forensic methodologies used to ensure the integrity of the platform in an increasingly synthetic digital world. Event Architecture Led by Adrian Blair (CEO), Shazadi Stinton (Chief Trust Officer) and members of the Executive Leadership Team, the event will run from 1:30pm - 6pm BST. The programme will focus on: ● Technology-led trust infrastructure and the integrity firewall ● AI and fraud detection ● Regulatory landscape and Trustpilot's leadership ● Trust as essential AI infrastructure Logistics and Webcast All attendees for the in-person event must be registered. Spaces are limited so please RSVP to investor.relations@trustpilot.com by 30 April 2026 . The main sessions will be webcast live on the LSEG SparkLive platform from 2pm. Registration for the webcast is available via this link . In-person attendees will also participate in breakout sessions with subject matter experts, which will not be available via the webcast. A replay of the webcast and associated presentation materials will be made available on the Trustpilot Investor Relations website. Contacts Trustpilot Group plc Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations Priyal Soni, Investor Relations investor.relations@trustpilot.com +44 (0) 7813 210 809 +44 (0) 7391 859 625 Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse / Rob Walker / Charlie Pepper trustpilot@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 About Trustpilot Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever - to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial - we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve. Today, we have more than 361 million reviews and 160 billion annual Trustpilot brand impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we're headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and