Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 16 April 2026 16 April 202 6 Trustpilot Group plc Annual Financial Report and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting (the "AGM") Trustpilot Group plc (the "Company") announces that its annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the "2025 Annual Report") and the notice of the 2026 annual general meeting (the "Notice of AGM") have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders. Copies of the following documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R, and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism ● 2025 Annual Report; ● Notice of AGM; ● Notice of Availability; and ● Form of Proxy for the AGM. The 2025 Annual Report and the Notice of AGM are available on the Company's website at https://investors.trustpilot.com . The Company's AGM will be held at 1.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 19 May 2026 at 5 th Floor, The Minster Building, 21 Mincing Lane, London, EC3R 7AG, United Kingdom. Further information on the Company's AGM arrangements can be found in the Notice of AGM. In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the 2025 Annual Report as uploaded and available on the National Storage Mechanism and on the Company's website, https://investors.trustpilot.com . Anne McSherry Company Secretary Enquiries: Trustpilot Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7813 210 809 Financial PR Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse Rob Walker Charlie Pepper +44 (0)73 1136 9861 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and