Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 19 May 2026 Trustpilot plc 19 May 2026 CEO's Comments at the 2026 Annual General Meeting Trustpilot today releases the comments made by CEO Adrian Blair at the 2026 Annual General Meeting, held in London at 1pm today. Good afternoon, I'm Adrian Blair, CEO of Trustpilot. A warm welcome to all of you. 2025 was another excellent year for Trustpilot - one that demonstrated why, as the world's largest open customer feedback platform, the role we play is becoming more important than ever in the age of AI. Trustpilot helps people make choices and make themselves heard; and we help businesses build trust, grow and improve by engaging with customer feedback. The rise of AI is increasing the value of that feedback - so Trustpilot is uniquely positioned to benefit. AI click-throughs to our platform grew nearly fifteen-fold year on year, and Trustpilot was ranked the fifth most cited domain globally on ChatGPT in January 2026. Businesses increasingly need Trustpilot to compete for visibility in the AI-powered digital landscape. Strong execution delivered record financial results. Bookings grew 18 percent in constant currency to 291 million dollars. Revenue reached 261 million dollars. Adjusted EBITDA grew 69 percent to 40.7 million dollars, a margin of 15.6 percent, up over 4 percentage points year on year. The consumer flywheel continues to power the business. Active reviews on the platform grew 20 percent to 361 million. More reviews were written on Trustpilot in 2025 than in the first twelve years of the company combined. We also returned 71.6 million dollars to shareholders through our buyback programme, and announced a further 30 million dollar buyback with our results in March. The momentum in the business, and tailwind of AI gives us immense confidence in the years ahead. We have upgraded our medium-term margin targets to 25 percent adjusted EBITDA by 2028, and 30 percent by 2030. I would like to close by thanking Trusties around the world for their extraordinary commitment, and our shareholders for their continued support. Thank you. Notice of trading update The Group will report its first half trading update on 16 July 2026. Contacts Trustpilot Group plc Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations Priyal Soni, Investor Relations investor.relations@trustpilot.com +44 (0) 7813 210 809 +44 (0) 7391 859 625 Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse Rob Walker Charlie Pepper trustpilot@headlandconsultancy.com Tel: +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 About Trustpilot Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever - to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial - we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve. Today, we have more than 361 million reviews with 160 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we're headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and