Disclaimer* Trustpilot Group PLC 22 April 2026 22 April 2026 Trustpilot Group plc ("Trustpilot" or the "Company") Director Declaration Pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R(2) , Trustpilot announces that Rachel Kentleton, independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of Shaftesbury Capital PLC ("Shaftesbury Capital"), with effect from conclusion of Shaftesbury Capital's annual general meeting being held on 14 May 2026. Upon joining the board of Shaftesbury Capital, Rachel will be appointed as chair of its audit committee and a member of its nomination and remuneration committees. Shaftesbury Capital shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (primary) and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (secondary) and the A2X (secondary). Enquiries: Trustpilot Louise Bryant, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7813 210 809 Financial PR Headland Consultancy Stephen Malthouse Rob Walker Charlie Pepper +44 (0)73 1136 9861 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trustpilot Group (TRST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and