X Trustpilot |

|

Universal
symbol of

trust

Trustpilot Group ple = Company Numbers 13184 807%
Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ;

#104

COMPANIES HOUSE

Trustpilot Group ple

PoE Overvie w vernance re inancial statements,
Annual Report and Accounts 2028 Oven 2 Strateglereport 3.Governance report 4. Financia statement (CIOIOIO! }

“We havea vast global opportunity »«
as our platform is relevant to all businesses and
20 OUr CONSuMer usage is stronger than ever.

We made strong progress »«
in 2023, becoming profitable* whilst delivering
sustainable bookings and revenue growth.”

Adrian Blair - Chief Executive Officer

colt afer ax ove to deferred tax assets being recognised inthe yar

Trustpilot Group ple

aaa os SD

Welcome to our
annual report
and accounts

2023

Overview

Financial and Operational highlights
Ata glance

(Our purpose-driven approach
Investment case

Strategic report

Chair's statement

Chief Executive's review

Market overview

‘Our customer journey

(Our business model

Our strategy

Key performance indicators
Sustainabiity

‘Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)

Modem Slavery and Human Trafficking
Section 172(1) statement

Engaging with regulators and the government

Non-financial and sustainable information
statement

Finance review
Viability statement
Risk management

16
24
26
27
33

42

78
76
ia

78
79

85

2. Strategie report 3.Governance report
Governance report
Compliance withthe UK Corporate Governance code 97
Chair's introduetion 98
Division of responsibilities 99
Board of Directors 104
Board composition 107
Executive Leadership Team 108
Key Board activites during the year 109
Purpose, values and culture 112
Stakeholder engagement 113
Board evaluation 116
Nomination Committee report 119
Audit Committee report 124
Trust & Transparency Committe report 196
Remuneration Committee report 139
Directors report 157
Statement of Diectors’ responsibilities 161
Read more
about our
markets,
business model
Picture removed to
‘meet Companies and strategy

House requirements

24-37

4.Financial statements

Meet Adrian,
our new CEO

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

Financial statements

Independent auditors’ report to the
‘members of Trustpilot Group ple
Consolidated statement of profit or loss
Consolidated statement of comprehensive
incorm

‘Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement

Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
‘Company balance sheet

‘Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements

‘Annual Report ~ important information
Glossary
‘Shareholder information

©O@GOO

163
Tal
1

172
173
174
174
207
208
208

212
213
215

‘Trustpilot Group ple r
Fata oro counts 2008 1. Overview 2.Strategic report 3. Governance report

Financial and Operational highlights

Revenue

$176m

+18% YoY (+17% cc)

(Fy22: $149m)

Adjusted EBITDA™*

$16m

(FY22: loss of $4m)

+ Key petomance inscator KP) further deta avalable on p. 38
_alemave performance measure (APM ther lal avaiable in note 4 on. 187

Annual recurring revenue*

$197m

+22% YoY (+18% cc)

(FY22: $162m)

Profit after tax’

$7m

(F¥22: loss of $15m)

"alter captatsing carta sales commission under IFRSTS ond bognning to use deere tax asses, seep. and p.82 for more deta conceing these adustments

stonsimmas OOOO

Reviewed domains*

1.1m

+22% YoY

(FY22: 0.9m)

Active domains*

116k

+16% YoY
(Fv22: 100%)

‘Trustpilot Group pic
a — semmmener —strnssitrumes = QOOOOO

Ataglance

Who we are

‘Trustpilot is where millions of consumers set
the bar for trust and hundreds of thousands.
of businesses earn it,

Through Trustpilot, businesses engage with consumer
feedback to build trust, grow and improve.

symbol _—
of tr ust 900 (“Trusties”)

as of December 2023 and is headquartered
in Copenhagen, with operations in London,
Edinburgh, New York, Denver, Melbourne,
Bertin, Milan, and Amsterdam.

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

‘Trustpilot Group ple .
Prnae Report tne Accounts 2023 1. Overview 2. Strategie 3. Governance report 4. Financial statements

Ata glance continued

Over
1.1 million
reviewed ow

‘Trustpilot hosts reviews to help people buy with
confidence, and delivers insights to help businesses
improve the experience they offer. The more people
use our platform and share their opinions, the richer
the insights we offer businesses, and the more

* Spvortunites they have to eam peopl’ ests
Businesses strengthen heir eptton by collecting and
responding to un eesoeck nt elton coed

by millions of global consumers.

Picture removed 10
‘meet Companies
House requirements

‘Through Trustpilot's platform and software tools,
businesses expand their reach and acquire new customers
cost-effectively by showcasing stars and review content.
This increases conversions throughout a buyer's journey,
and boosts engagement with advertising,

ur platform and products help businesses turn feedback
into growth with performance analytics and deep insights
that help them to better serve their customers, so they can
“Kay petomance init (KP ~ ter deta avatabeon 9.38 continue to grow and drive loyalty.

‘Trustpilot Group plc
Toot on QUEEN  etesscrnn —sconmmernes ttm = QO@OO®

Ata glance continued
@ Trustpilot office locations: 267 million
Copenhagen, London, New aoe one wos
York, Denver, Amsterdam, reviews’ of 1.1 million domains’
Berlin, Edinburgh, Milan, (FY22: 213 million reviews of 0.9 million domains)
Melbourne

57 million
monthly unique vi:
(FY22: 44 million monthly unique visitors)

Picture removed to

wos reuters 116 thousand
active domains’
(FY22: 100 thousand active domains)

$197 million
Annual recurring revenue*
(FY¥22: $162 million annual recurring revenue)

$14 million
Adjusted free cash flow”
(F¥22: $(13) million adjusted free cash flow)

>900

Trusties
(FY22: >900 Trusties)

“Key performance indicator (XP) - further deal avalabe on p. 38
*Dafied in glossary on pages 21310214

Fale coun ts 20c0 QE | ststsicrenor 2.Governance report srnnciisoemes ©OQOOO®

At aglance continued

Trustpilot founded
by Peter Holten Trustpilot expands into the
Miihimann, to create US and UK markets with

auniversal symbol of new offices established.
trust.

“oe j Trustpilot achieves over
Trustpilot lists on the premium segment chie

of the London Stock Exchange; US$100 million in anneal
publishes first Transparency Report; recurring revenue for the

launches e-commerce integrations; first time; platform exceeds

ne . 120 million reviews; R&D hub
exceeds 167 million reviews. established in Edinburgh.

Closed year with $197 million
The platform reached 0.9 million reviewed orien sean ee wa on
domains, as 620 milion consumers leave oa) EBITDA and $7 million
their first review on Trustpilot during the profit after tax. Zillah Byng-
year. Since 2020, the total number of

" Thorne becomes Chair and
reviews grew by over 40 per cent. Adrian Blair CEO.

Trustolt Group ple 2003 2.Strategicreport 3.Governance report 4.Financial statements © S) ® O (7)
Our purpose-driven approach

Benefitting people,
businesses and society

our strategy

Our purpose

To help people and businesses
Our purpose, help each other.
mission
& vision

Our vision Our mission

To be a universal Trustpilot
symbol of trust. everywhere.

ns, cl
“8 trust & transpae™

Our purpose-driven approach continued

How we do

Our values i
We start with the customer

© Market opportunity
Trustplotis relevant to all Dus
and has a significant global mar
opportunity,

Our culture

At Trustpilot, we’re
driven by connection. Business model
Astong valve propostion ies at the
art of

We act with integrity ;

It’s at the heart of what we
do. Our culture is built on the
relationships that we create ,
while pursuing our vision Weare positively human
of becoming a universal

symbol of trust.

Strategy

We make it happen

the Planet — and provides us.
rset of focus areas for us.

® Read more on page 112

We together

lly work to identify
nanage existing and
ks that could threaten
Picture removed to a model, perermanca
meet Companies

House requirements

‘Trustpilot Group ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Investment case

Our differentiated
strategy, broad —
applicability and
scalable brand driven
by network effects,
are key competitive
strengths.

2. Strategic report 3. Governance report

Free to use and open toall
Trustpilot is a public platform where consumers can leave
reviews for businesses and businesses can respond to
honest feedback. Our platform is free to use and open to

all businesses and consumers — yet independent of both

— so every interaction on Trustpilot is transparent for all to
see, You can find more information concerning our purpose-
driven strategy on page 33.

Aglobal review community of millions

Only Trustpilot reviews are backed by a global review
community of millions, where consumers can share

their genuine experiences to help others, and directly
communicate with the businesses that matter to them.

For more information on the scale of our market opportunity,
see page 24, and for a look at how we ensure the integrity
of review content, see page 43.

Cross-vertical

We are relevant to all online and offline businesses - from
retail and healthcare to financial services and travel. Other
online review platforms may specialise in industry verticals
such as hotels and restaurants or product reviews, whereas
we operate across all industry verticals. Consequently, we
enjoy a material competitive advantage and a more
significant market opportunity

SaaS toolset

Businesses can engage with consumers for free on
Trustpilot, but we also provide paid subscription modules.
These tools enable business customers to invite more
reviews and analyse them to derive more high-value,
actionable insights, and to showcase their TrustScores
across their marketing channels. In this way, we generate
solid returns for businesses by raising their profiles, building
and demonstrating their trust credentials and increasing
traffic, conversion, marketing efficiency and revenues.

4.Financial statements,

Auniversal symbol of trust v

Any business can say it delivers an extraordinary
experience but, using Trustpilot, it can say so with
credibility.

We are creating a universal symbol of trust and are
playing an integral role in helping businesses build
trust, grow, and improve.

We use technology and innovation to provide a digital
platform that is free to use, open to everyone, and
built on transparency. We monetise our platform
through a freemium SaaS 82B business model.

Today, the strength of our brand is a significant
competitive advantage for us and would be difficult
for others to emulate.

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

©CG09

‘Trustpilot Group ple

Investment case continued

$176m

reported revenue
(+18% YoY)

$197m

annual recurring revenue”
(+22% YoY)

1.1m

domains reviewed"
(+22% YoY)

267m

total cumulative reviews*
(+25% YoY)

57m

monthly unique
(+30% YoY)

2. Strategic report 3. Governance report

A purpose-driven business

We have a strong sense of duty and an opportunity to use
our platform and resources for the good of consumers,
businesses, communities, and society by promoting trust,
and empowering people,

We are committed to minimising our impact on the
environment through reducing our carbon footprint and
successfully transitioning towards a carbon neutral economy.
More information concerning our sustainability strategy can
be found starting on page 62.

Sustainable operating leverage

In 2023, we achieved $15.5 million of adjusted EBITDA"
compared to a $4.4 million loss in the prior year. The Group
reported a loss before tax of $1.9 milion and, as the Group
began recognising deferred tax assets, a profit for the

year of $7.1 million was reported, compared to a loss of
$14.6 million a year ago. We intend to continue to proactively
manage our business to deliver operating leverage and
sustainable margin improvement over the long-term. See our
Finance review section starting on page 79 for more detail.

Strong balance sheet & cash generation

We closed 2023 with $91.5 million of net cash, an increase
from the $73.5 million we reported at the end of December
2022. This reflects our move into profitability and adjusted
free cash flow*** over the last twelve months.

Our business has strong cash generation dynamics and
a growing cash balance, hence our disciplined capital
allocation strategy and commitment to return excess cash
to shareholders. In January 2024 we commenced a share
buyback programme, see page 82 for more detail

+ Key performance inaicator (KPI) — further detail available on 9.38

“ Altemative performance measure (APM) ~ futher detail avaiable in note 4 on p.187

“* Defined in glossary on pages 213 0.214

4. Financial statements

©C@O9

Focus on efficient capital allocation

Our commitment to
maximising shareholder
returns

Capital allocation is pivotal to our success as it
dictates how we deploy our financial resources
and impacts our growth, profitability, and overall
value. We prioritise our investments to maximise
shareholder value, scale our business efficiently,
maintain the integrity of the Trustpilot platform,
innovate to drive growth in new business and
retention and invest in developing our talent

and culture.

For further information regarding our capital allocation
policy and priorities, and how we create value for all
our stakeholders, see page 32.

Trustpilot Group ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

1.Overview 3. Governance report

umn OO@OOO

Strategic
; re p © rt cnet ets sew 6

Market overview 24
Our customer journey 26
Our business model 27
Our strategy 33
Key performance indicators 38
‘Sustainability 42

: Task Force on Climate-related 64
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking 75
Section 172(1) statement 76
Engaging with regulators and the government 7
Non-financial and sustainable information a
statement
Finance review 79
Viability statement 83

Risk management 85

Trustpilot Group ple . i
dread Paper the Recounts 2023 1. Overview 2.Strategicreport 3.Governance report 4. Financial statements

Chair’s statement

A year of

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

We have made significant operational progress and delivered on our
commitment to profitability a year ahead of schedule, demonstrating
our business's considerable operating leverage potential and strong
cash flow characteristics. Zillah Byng-Thorne, Chair

Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 1.Overview

Chair’s statement continued

66

We prioritise

our investments

to maximise
shareholder value
and scale our
business efficiently.”

Having been privileged to be appointed Chair during 2023,
this marks my first opportunity to provide you with an annual
update on our Group's performance during the past year. It
has been a year of change for Trustpilot, with not just a new
Chair but a new Chief Executive Officer, Adrian Blair, after
‘our founder, Peter Holten Mihimann, transitioned out

of that role to become a Non-Executive Director and brand
ambassador.

There have been other meaningful changes, too. We
delivered on our commitment to profitability a year ahead of

schedule, demonstrating our business's significant operating
leverage potential and generating meaningful free cash flow.

3. Governance report

Strategy
We aim to build trust between consumers and businesses,

ensuring our platform is transparent, authentic, and reliable.
We strive to continuously improve the value we deliver by
investing in technology and product innovation. As a result,
we are creating a worldwide community where businesses.
and consumers can confidently connect and make informed
decisions.

In 2023, we continued to drive our business against these
demanding strategic ambitions. Despite the challenges of a
weaker economic environment, particularly evident in the first
half of the year, and the leadership transition in the second
half, we grew bookings in all regions, with an improved
Performance in North America. We continued to invest in

our platform to benefit the consumers who rely on Trustpilot
reviews and the businesses using our platform to build trust,
grow and improve.

‘Adoption and usage of our platform continue to grow at
pace. In the past year, we surpassed 267 million total
‘cumulative reviews’, with over 1 million businesses
reviewed", and the active domains exceeded 116 thousand”
{or the first time. These numbers are impressive and give us
unmatched scale and breadth, but we are still just scratching
the surface, even in our more developed markets like the UK.

Notably, our platform has doubled in size in the last three
years, with 55 per cent of all Trustpilot reviews having been
posted since 2020, and the number of businesses with
reviews has also more than doubled during that time. This
is remarkable and illustrates perfectly the network effects
and compounding growth that are defining features of our
business.

4.Financial statements

SIOTaIor : |

Furthermore, it was encouraging to see that over the past
twelve months, our net dollar retention rate* was resilient

at 99 per cent for the Group, another reflection of the
demonstrable value we deliver to our customers. These

high retention rates also give us good visibility over future
revenues, which is advantageous as we make our investment
plans and budget for the year ahead.

Financial performance

We know from experience that this increasing consumer
adoption and engagement and an expanding base of
businesses active on Trustpilot leads to financial success
over time. In the year, we grew our bookings" to $194.6
mmillion and ended the year with annual recurring revenue"

of $197.3 million, an increase of 16 per cent and 18 per cent
respectively, at constant currency’. We achieved revenue of
‘$176.4 million in 2023, an increase of 17 per cent at constant
‘currency, or 18 per cent as reported. We reported a profit
after tax for the year of $7.1 million, after capitalising certain
sales commissions of $3.9 million under IFRS 15 and
beginning to use our deferred tax assets with a benefit,

‘of $12.3 million. We reported an adjusted EBITDA“ of
$15.5 million.

For further detail concerning our financial performance,
please see the Finance review on page 79 of this report.

1 Given the Group operates in multiple curencies, Tustplot believes tustrating period: |
to-perod comparisons ona constant currency bass is meaningful to see diferences |
before the impact of eurency fuetvations. The Grovp's constant curency calculations
are performed by applying the monthly average exchange rates from tho last month in
the most recent period to prior periods atthe entity level. Further adjustment is made in
the Danish entity, Teustplot A/S, to fix he ransactonal impact of GBP to DKK arising
from individual GBP transactions, mail relating o UK sales. Tis defiton has been
Updated for the year reflecting sies recorded in GBP wansactional curency generating
the majrty of foreign exchange impact the Grovp.
* Key perormance indicator (KP? ~ further deta avaiable on 38

‘Ateative performance measure (APM) ~ further deta avalabe in note 4 on p.187

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report ang Accounts 2023 {Overview

Chair’s statement continued

‘Succession planning
Succession planning is paramount to the Board as it serves
as a strategic safeguard for the long-term viability and
‘success of the organisation. Ensuring seamless leadership
transition is a prudent risk management measure and a
crucial aspect of corporate governance. Furthermore,
effective succession planning at the management level
helps us cultivate a leadership pipeline and foster a culture
of growth, adaptability, and innovation,

| was appointed Chair on 3 April 2023, succeeding Tim
Weller, who had held the position since 2013. On behalf of
the Board, | thank Tim for all his hard work, oversight, and
leadership during his ten-year tenure as Chair of Trustpilot.

In 2023, we also identified and appointed a new CEO, as
Peter Holten Mihimann transitioned into a Non-Executive
Director role, while retaining his role as founder. From a
succession planning perspective, our key objective was to
find the right candidate to take up the position and ensure
a smooth transition, minimising the impact on day-to-day
operations and maintaining the confidence of our investors
and other stakeholders.

We were delighted to announce Adrian Blair's appointment
‘as CEO in July. Adrian took up the role in September,
bringing a wealth of experience growing two-sided online
platforms and SaaS businesses, making him an outstanding
candidate. For further information concerning the CEO
recruitment process, please see page 121 of this report.

3. Governance report

==»

Board effectiveness and composition
Establishing an appropriate Board composition is crucial

{for organisational success as it directly influences decision-
making, corporate governance, and strategic direction.

A diverse, well-balanced board brings valuable perspectives,
skills, and experiences with which to scrutinise strategy and
risk management, enabling us to make informed, well-
rounded decisions.

With this in mind, during 2023 we refreshed the membership
of our committees to balance responsibilities across the
Board. On the 10th February 2024, Ben Johnson, a Non-
Executive Director of the Company for over eight years,
retired from the Board. Additional information about our
Board members, including their skis, tenure, and committee
membership, can be found on page 104 of this report.

4.Financial statements

©0600

Stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder engagement is vital for our success, as it fosters
trust, collaboration, and understanding among our investors,
employees, customers, regulators, and the community of
People and businesses who rely on Trustpilot each day.

During 2023, | met investors regularly to update them on
strategy, board oversight, governance, succession planning,
capital allocation, and other matters.

We also engaged with regulators and other external
stakeholders, taking a constructive approach and applying
our resources and expertise to help further promote trust.
For further information concerning stakeholder engagement,
see page 113, and specifically how we engaged with
regulators, page 77 of this report.

Capital allocation

We are committed to running an efficient balance sheet and
returning to shareholders any excess capital not required

for other priorities. With this in mind, after the year's end,

‘we announced that we had commenced a share repurchase
programme of up to £20 million. For further information about
how we maximise the value we deliver to stakeholders, see
page 30 of this report

Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chair’s statement continued '

Sustainability

We have better-focused our efforts concerning sustainability,
building our sustainability strategy on three pillars: Partner for
the Planet, Promote Trust Online, and Empower Everyone.

In 2023, we further developed this strategy, but we still have
work to do and we describe the proactive steps we are
taking in each of these areas in more detail in the
Sustainability section of this annual report on page 42.

We have a duty and an opportunity to use our platform
and resources for the good of consumers, businesses,
communities, and society by promoting trust and
empowering people. Concerning our environmental impact
and the broader issue of global climate change, we made
significant progress in introducing carbon emissions
reduction targets. We will submit these for external
validation to SBTi in 2024. Further information concerning
‘our approach to climate-related risks and opportunities is
provided on page 69 of this report

Finally, on behalf of the Board, | would like to thank our
employees, the consumers and businesses who rely on
Trustpilot, and our partners and investors for your continued
support and confidence in our vision to be a universal
symbol of trust online.

lah Byng-Thorne
Chair, Trustpilot Group ple
48 March 2024

2. Strategic report 3. Governance report

66

Notably, our platform

has doubled in size

in just the last three

years - illustrating the
network effects and
compounding growth

that are defining

features of our business.”

‘Trustpilot Group ple

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chief Executive’s review

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

Adrian Blair, CEO

CIOKIOy |

3. Governance report

Going deeper
in our focus

* In my first six months at Trustpilot, | have witnessed first-hand just
how powerful our platform is for consumers and businesses

worldwide. We made strong strategic progress in 2023, building on
our strong foundations to grow our network of consumers and
businesses and deliver profitability and positive cash flow ahead of
expectations. By driving consumer adoption and delivering ever
greater value to our customers through innovation, we are confident of
delivering sustainable growth and long term margin improvement.

‘Trustpilot Group ple view va 7
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023, “Over 2. Strategic report 3. Governance report

Chief Executive’s review continued

66 |

+ H Hf ‘Summa
My objective is to SAMMI, exces bud rs, row, and improve ther
services. Through the Trustpilot platform, trusted by millions,

.
deliver strategic businesses can each more consumer, eam tel ust and

Use insights from customer reviews to get better.

. 4
clarity, operational Growth in the adoption and usage of our platform highights

this strong 828 and 82C value proposition, with 267 million

excellence and . total cumulative reviews" (+25 per cent YoY), 87 millon

average monthly unique users (+30 per cent YoY), more than
im rove 1.1 million reviewed domains” (+22 per cent YoY) and the
Pp annvalsed run-rate of TrustBox impressions" now

pro fitabili ty. ” exceeding 117 billion (+13 per cent YoY).

We are pleased with our performance as we continued to
manage our business to focus on efficiently supporting top-
line growth. We accelerated our move to into profitability,
despite an uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, delivering

: adjusted EBITDA’ ahead of expectations and adjusted
positive free cash flow

This reflects the value we deliver to businesses and
consumers during challenging times and is demonstrated by
our resilient retention rates. We see first-hand the role our
platform plays in helping consumers and businesses
navigate the unpredictable economic environment.

‘rms OQOOOO

We operate a subscription software business model whereby
we invest to drive bookings growth in the near term, which
leads to revenue growth in subsequent periods. Due to the
growth of prior-period bookings, we enjoy good visibility over
future revenue at the beginning of each trading period.

Furthermore, network effects underpin our growth: the more
that consumers and businesses use Trustpilot, the more
valuable it becomes to everyone. As consumer and business
adoption grows, the two sides of our platform reinforce one
another, further extending our competitive advantage.

Financial highlights

Bookings" increased 16 per cent at constant currency, 18
per cent on a reported basis, to $194.6 million. Reported
Group revenue of $176.4 million increased 17 per cent at
constant currency, or by 18 per cent YoY on a reported
basis. We ended the year with annual recurring revenue
(ARR’) of $197.3 million, an increase of 18 per cent at
constant currency, or 22 per cent YoY on a reported basis.
Profit after tax was $7.1 million as reported, including the
benefit of capitalising $3.9 million of sales commissions
Under IFRS 15 and beginning to use our deferred tax assets
with benefit of $12.3 milion (see p.82 for more detail.

Adjusted EBITDA was $15.5 million (FY22: loss of $4.
million), we generated positive adjusted free cash flow" of
$13.8 mil