¥& Trustpilot

Trustpilot
everywhere.

IMI J

‘00028 #307
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
a
«
=)
=
<
o

TRUSTPILOT GROUP PLC — Company Number? 1318 480F
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Our mission is to

build trust between
businesses and
consumers by

making Trustpilot
visible at every
consumer touchpoint —
Trustpilot everywhere.

Trustpilot is opens an at plat jatform for

consumers to ‘help ea hoose where to the integrity ¢ a reviews white OY vernal ing he

buy, and for bus peace at itd | trust grow, int meres network effects of our r SaaS Plat jatform
and improve by listening to thei by jeting key focus markets a! icals.

Overview —Strategicreport | Governance _Financlal statements €n70
2024 financial highlights .
Revenue Overview

2024 financial highlights

At aglance

$21im

2023: $176m +19% YoY (+18% cc)"

Adjusted EBITDA"

$24m

2023: $16m

Operating profit

$4m

2023: operating loss $im

Profit before tax

$5m

2023: loss before tax $2m

Earnings per share

1.5¢......1.4¢ ....

2023: 1.7¢ basic and 1.6¢ diluted

Adjusted free cash flow”

$17m

2023: $14m

Alternative performance measures

The Group utilises a range of altemative performance
measures (‘APMs'’) to assess its performance that

are not recognised IFRS metrics. These metrics aid
understanding of the performance and comparability
between periods. Full definitions of APMs can be found
within note 4 of the financial statements on page 176.
These are marked with an asterisk (*) throughout

the document.

Trustpilot Group pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Investment case

Strategic report

Chair's letter

Q&A with CEO

Unique value proposition

Business model

‘Stakeholder engagement

Strategy

Market overview

Group performance review

Finance review

Key performance indicators

Risk management

Viability statement

‘Sustainability

‘Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’)
Modem Slavery and Human Trafficking

Section 172(1) statement

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

Governance report

Chair's introduction

Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance code
Board and ELT composition at a glance
Board of Directors

Executive Leadership Team

‘Our govemance framework

Key Board activities during the year
Purpose, values and culture

Board performance review

Nomination Committee report

Audit & Risk Committee report

Trust & Transparency Committee report
Remuneration Committee report
Directors’ report

‘Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements
Independent auditors’ report to the members
of Trustpilot Group pic

Consolidated statement of profit or loss
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cash flows

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
‘Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements

Other Information

Annual Report — important Information
Glossary
‘Shareholder information

Key performance indicator (‘KPI’) - further detall available on p.45.

»

NLLSEFRSESRVEROD

~
3

75

161
161

163
164
165
202
203
204

209
210
213

Overview _— Strategic report © Governance _Financlal statements € nm 7D 2

Ataglance

Universal
symbol of trust

Trustpilot’s vision is to be the universal symbol of trust. We are a
purpose-driven software as a service (‘SaaS’) business founded on
the principles of trust and transparency.

We host millions of consumer reviews, helping people to We take a unique approach to ensuring integrity of the
make the right choice with Trustpilot and businesses to platform, using sophisticated fake review detection
build trust, grow and improve the experience they offer by technology and taking action against those that breach
listening to their customers. We operate a dual-sided our guidelines.

platform with network effects: the more people use the

platform and share their opinions, the richer the insights we
can offer consumers and businesses, and the more GC) For more Information see page 12.

opportunities they have to eam people's trust.

Our vision:
Our north star

To be the
universal symbol
of trust

Our mission:
How we achieve our vision

Trustpilot everywhere

Our strategy

Consumer value | Business value

| People & culture | Efficient growth

Our values

We start with We act with
the customer integrity

We make it We win

positively happen together

Weare
human

Trustpilot Group pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Overview _Strategicreport Governance _Financlal statements -€-nr70 3

@ Office locations:
Our global reach Copenhagen, London, New York,

Denver, Amsterdam, Edinburgh, Milan,
Melbourne, Hamburg

Pleture removed to moet
Companies House requirements

Employees as at 31 December 2024 Office locations Percentage of Group revenue

434 2
172 2

3 Europe & Rest of World (‘RoW’) tuk won

382 5 2 Notameice 2

3 Europe & RoW 39%

Our journey

Trustpilot was founded in Copenhagen, Denmark in 2007 by Peter Mithimann, with a vision to create a universal symbol of
trust. Offices were opened in the UK and US in 2013, with Germany and Australia following two years later. By 2021, the
platform hosted over 153 million reviews and listed on the London Stock Exchange. Peter stepped down as CEO in 2023
and was replaced by Adrian Blair. Adrian committed to delivering strategic clarity, rigorous execution, and increasing
profitability. Today Trustpilot hosts 301 million reviews’ and is reporting adjusted free cash flow* of $17m.

* For further information on KPts soe page 45.

Trustpilot Group ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Overview Strategic report Governance

Investment case

Financial statements

Am)

We are well-positioned
for sustainable growth

Picture removed to mest
Companies House requirements

Unique value proposition

Trustpilot combines an open, trusted,
cross-vertical review platform with vast
global consumer reach. We take a unique
approach to maintaining content integrity.
We do not encounter any competitors with
these characteristics.

GC) Read more on page 12.

Pleture removed to meet
‘Companies House requirements

Huge market opportunity

Trust is important for every business,
regardless of scale, vertical, or location.

We have paying customers of all sizes from
dozens of industries and over 100 countries.
We have a vast and untapped

addressable market.

GC) Read more on page 37.

Trustpilot Group pic
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Picture removed to meet
‘Companies House requirements

High margin SaaS platform
with network effects

We operate a dual-sided platform that
exhibits network effects. As a SaaS business,
we consistently achieve gross margins over
80%. We have a clear vision and strategy
and are investing in our people and product,
building on strong foundations.

G) Read more on page 17.

Pleture removed to meet
Companies House requirements

Proven track record

of execution
Growing track record of delivering annual
growth and margin improvement, combined

with clear capital discipline. Long-term goal
for adjusted EBITDA margins >30%.

GC) Read more on page 39.

Overview Strategic report Governance

Strategic

Financial statements

report

In this section

Chair's letter

Q&A with CEO

Unique value proposition

Business model

Stakeholder engagement

Strategy

Market overview

Group performance review

Finance review

Key performance Indicators

Risk management

Viability statement

Sustainability

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’)
Modem Slavery and Human Trafficking

Section 172(1) statement

Non-financial and sustainable information statement

Trustpilot Group pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

2
18
20
24
38
40
42
45
48
59
61

72
73
75

€nr7oO

Overview ‘Strategic report

Chair’s letter

Financial statements €n 70 6

We are buildin

on strong
foundations...

Zillah Byng-Thorne

Picture removed to meet
‘Companies House requirements

Dear Stakeholder,

| am delighted to present the strong financial results that
Adrian and the management team have delivered in 2024,
demonstrating the strength of the business model and the
value that we create for all stakeholders.

Throughout the year the Board has been proactively
engaged in diverse issues, supporting the management
team to make informed decisions on questions such as
strategic investments and sustainability.

Product innovation

It's exciting to see the positive impact that a renewed focus
‘on product innovation is having on the business. The suite
of products released in April deliver value for customers
and this is evident in the record net dollar retention rate of
103% that the Group has achieved. Embedding a product

roadmap with the cadence of regular releases provides a
strong foundation for the business.

$43m

cash returned to
shareholders

1%..

Bookings growth'

Overview Strategic report Governance

Chair’s letter continued

Strong financial results

The Group has delivered a record set of results, reflecting
the strength of the business model and focused execution.
Bookings"’ grew 21% in constant currency (‘cc’) setting
the Group up for a good 2025. Revenue’ grew 18% cc to
$210.7 million (2023: $176.4 million) and we delivered a
record adjusted EBITDA* of $24.1 million (2023: $15.5
million). Profit before tax was $5.2 million (2023: $1.9
million loss). Adjusted diluted EPS' was 3.1 cents (2023:
3.1 cents) and the cash and cash equivalents position at
31 December was $68.9 million (2023: $91.5 million).

Returns to shareholders

We outlined our capital allocation policy early in the year
(see page 44). Given our strong balance sheet, growth in
the business and that we are now generating cash, we
retumed $42.9 million in cash to shareholders during the
year through two share buyback schemes announced in
January and September. We remain committed to
balancing investment for growth with margin progression,
and operating an efficient balance sheet as the business
continues to generate cash.

Governance

During the year the Board and Committees remained
stable, having been refreshed in 2023. Ben Johnson retired
from the Board on 10th February 2024 after 8 years of
service to the Group. A diverse, well-balanced Board
brings valuable perspectives, skills and experiences with
which to assess strategy and risk, enabling well-rounded
decisions. Further information on govemance can be found
from page 76.

...for an
exciting

Financial statements

-€n 270) 7

Advancing our sustainability
agenda

As a mission-driven business, acting in a sustainable way
is a key part of how we operate. During the year the Group
has focused on its sustainability strategy and undertaken
the double materiality assessment as required for the
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (‘CSRD’),
reaffirming our focus on social impact. We have also
received validation from the Science Based Targets
initiative (‘SBT’) for our near-term carbon reduction plans.

Looking ahead

Our mission is to see Trustpilot everywhere as we work
towards our vision of becoming the Universal Symbol of
Trust, and the strong financial results are evidence that the
approach is working. We see a huge opportunity ahead
with an ever increasing need for trust in commerce.

On behalf of the whole Board, I'd like to thank our people
(‘Trusties’) and all stakeholders for your support and
confidence in achieving the vision.

Zillah Byng-Thorne
Chair, Trustpllot Group pic
17 March 2025

‘For a definition, see the glossary on page 210.
* For further information on KPIs see pages 45 and 46,

future

with Trustpilot
verywhere.

Trustpilot Group pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Overview _—Strateglcreport Governance _Financlal statements |€ M720 8

Q&A with CEO ©

In 2024 we delivered another
year of double digit growth
and strong profitability whilst
investing in the business

for the future.

with Adrian Blair

Trustpilot Group plc

Overview Governance

Strategic report

Q&A with CEO

Q: How have you found
your first full year at Trustpilot?

A: Trustpilot is a fantastic business with deeply committed
people and a rich culture - so I’ve hugely enjoyed my first
year. It has been a year of refining and executing on our
strategy. We operate an open, trusted customer feedback
platform for consumers to help each other make the right
choices, and for businesses to build trust, grow, and
improve. We maximise the platform's inherent network
effects by concentrating on depth in focus markets and
verticals; and we drive a SaaS upgrade cycle with positive
net dollar retention, underpinned by product innovation.

We've executed well against this in 2024, with both the
business and consumer side of the platform growing
rapidly, whilst we preserve content integrity. Crucially
we've continued to improve our financial performance
with 21% cc bookings growth, improved profitability with
an adjusted EBITDA margin’* of 11.4%, profit before tax
of $5.2 million and $42.9 million of capital retumed

to shareholders.

GC) Read more about 2024
performance on page 40.

Q: What do you think that
you've brought to the business?

A: Two bits of my prior experience have been particularly
useful. First, seven years as COO at Just Eat taught me
that to build network businesses you need to go deep
rather than broad. The beauty of dual-sided platforms is
that the bigger you get, the better you become for all
participants. We have implemented that at Trustpilot,
targeting four focus markets (UK, US, Germany and Italy)
so that every incremental dollar of investment drives the
growth flywheel more efficiently.

Second, as CEO at Dext I leamed how to drive a business
to business (‘B2B’) SaaS upgrade cycle based on strong
product innovation. We've had a lot of success with that
model at Trustpilot in 2024, releasing six key B2B features
— with more to come in 2025.

More broadly, 25 years operating in high-growth tech
businesses has shown me that focusing on a few key
activities drives the best results. So we have been very
deliberate in what we've taken on over the past year,
to ensure rigorous execution.

We have clarified the consumer and business

value propositions, updated customer segmentation,
and put more structure around product development.
We've also invested in people and culture,

with some key hires and refreshed

corporate values.

Trustpilot Group pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Financial statements

-€# fm 70 9

Q: Was there anything
that has surprised you?

A: When | joined, | knew there was a significant market
opportunity, but hadn't appreciated quite how big it was.
Over the last year I've met with large, sophisticated
businesses where Trustpilot is deeply embedded in how
they work. Trust matters to every business, so it is
applicable across all verticals and geographies — meaning
we have a long runway for future growth. Even in the UK,
our largest market, we only have about nine thousand
paying customers — and our strong consumer brand

and 301 million reviews' mean we have a large
competitive moat.

* For further information on KPIs see pages 45 and 48,

Picture removed to moet
Companies House requirements

Overview Governance

Strategic report

Q&A with CEO continued

Q: What has driven the strong performance in
bookings growth this year and is it sustainable?

A: We've put a renewed focus on product innovation,
delivering some material product features in Q2 which have
been well received by customers. It is important that we
can demonstrate the value which we are creating for them.
In turn, this will drive the SaaS upgrade cycle by expanding
accounts and improving the retention rate.

At the same time we changed packages and pricing,
reducing the complexity of the offering and making the
benefits at each level clearer. We re-organised our go-to-
market strategy along customer segment lines, giving sales
teams a better understanding of customer needs with
dedicated enterprise sales teams.

All these factors contributed to the 21% cc bookings
growth. The US delivered a particularly strong
performance, with bookings up 26% cc, and the team
there is buzzing. Longer term, we expect to grow revenue
(which is a factor of the prior year’s bookings) in the mid-
teens consistently, given the huge market opportunity.

Q: Is there anything which you think the
market underappreciates about Trustpilot?

A: Trustpilot is unique in that we serve a large, global
consumer audience, but monetise as a B2B SaaS
company. Sometimes this is not fully appreciated by
investors.

It's important to also remember that we are independent of
both businesses and consumers. We assess all reviews
equally against our guidelines, regardless of whether the
business pays or not, and provide clear and consistent
communication about what we do and why.

Asmall minority will always try to manipulate the platform.
We have spent many years developing machine leaming to
spot and remove fake reviews, and we continuously
implement changes to keep up with the evolving review
landscape. During the year we removed 4.5 million reviews
from the platform. We are continuously improving,
including recently implementing generative Al technologies,
and are committed to upholding our principles of being
neutral, open, fair and transparent.

Trust and transparency are integral to our business and we
will continue to invest to protect it.

Read more about promoting
trust online on page 14.

Trustpilot Group ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Financial statements

€ fm 20ND

Q: What are you focused on in 2025?

A: Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in our focus
markets and in product development. By delivering
product features that add value to enterprise customers we
plan to increase sales into this segment and improve
Group gross retention. Understanding the unique needs of
each customer segment and equipping the sales teams to
demonstrate how we can support them should deliver
long-term customer relationships.

Beyond businesses, we are exploring opportunities to
embed trust more broadly across the digital ecosystem —
for example, within financial services, search and e-
commerce, social media and beyond - through strategic
partnerships and data solutions. In early 2025 we launched
TrustLayer™, formalising our data and insights offering.

On the consumer side of the platform, we're keen to
increase our reach, delivering on the mission of Trustpilot
Everywhere. As more consumers recognise the Trustpilot
brand and look for and leave reviews, the inherent network
effects are reinforced.

Trust is our foundation and sits at the heart of our strategy.
In 2025 our priority is making our reviews more useful,
encouraging richer, better quality, more authentic reviews
that improve consumer and business confidence, while
continuing to earn consumer and business trust in our
moderation as the platform continues to scale.

We delivered a strong performance in 2024, with upgrades
to adjusted EBITDA" expectations across the year,
demonstrating operating leverage. Following a year of
record bookings growth, we expect high teens percent
constant currency revenue growth in 2025, with adjusted
EBITDA‘ slightly ahead of market expectations and a 2ppt
improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin’. We remain
confident in delivering sustainable growth and operating
leverage over the long term given the significant market
opportunity.

| would like to thank all our people for their hard work and
dedication to our mission. Together we are delivering
Trustpilot Everywhere.

SBTi target validation

I'm pleased that we achieved validation from SBTi
for our near-term carbon reduction targets during
the year. You can read more about this on page 63.

Pleture removed te meet
‘Companies House requirements