¥& Trustpilot

Universal
symbol of

trust

Trustpilot Group plc Company Number 3 1316 4807
Annual Report and Accounts 2023

COMPANIES HOUSE

S=e
Avani

Henaeeeetid rategle r jernance re it
Annual Report and Accounts 2023, 2. Strategie report 3.Governance report 4. Financial statements

“We havea vast global opportunity >«
as our platform is relevant to all businesses and
20 QUr Consumer usage is stronger than ever.

We made strong progress >
in 2023, becoming profitable* whilst delivering
sustainable bookings and revenue growth.”

Adrian Blair - Chief Executive Officer

5 aor ax de to deter tx assets being recognised inthe yer.

‘Trustpilot Group ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

Welcome to our
annual report
and accounts

2023

Overview

Financial and Operational highlights
Ata glance

(ur purpose-driven approach
Investment case

Strategic report

Chair's statement

Chief Executive's review

Market overview

Our customer journey

(ur business model

Ourstrategy

Key performance indicators
Sustainability

Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
Section 172(1) statement

Engaging with regulators and the government

Non-financial and sustainable information
statement

Finance review
Viability statement
Risk management

1.0

88S

8
79

as

2. Strategic report 3. Governance report

Governance report

Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance code 7
Chair's introduction 98
Division of esponsibilties 99
Board of Directors 104
Board composition 107
Executive Leadership Team 108
Key Board activities during the year 109
Purpose, values and culture 12
Stakeholder engagement 113
Board evaluation 116
Nomination Committee report 119
‘Audit Committee report 124
‘Trust & Transparency Committee report 136
Remuneration Committee report 139
Directors’ report 157
Statement of Dicectors' responsibilities 161
Read more
about our
markets,
business model

Picture removed to
meet Companies.
House requirements

and strategy

24-37

Meet Adrian,
our new CEO

Picture removed to
‘meet Companies
House requirements

Financial statements

Independent auditors’ report to the
members of Trustpilot Group ple
Consolidated statement of profit or loss
Consolidated statement of comprehensive
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement

Notes to the consolidated financial staternents
‘Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements

Other information

‘Annual Report - important information
Glossary

Shareholder information

~~ ©O@0®8

163
m
TT

172
173
174
174
207
208
208

212
213
215

‘Trustpilot Group ple ‘LOverview
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 i

Financial and Operational highlights

Revenue

$176m

418% YoY (+17% cc)
(F¥22: $149m)

Adjusted EBITDA”

$16m

(FY22: loss of $4m)

=. Key perormance incest (KP) further cetal avaiable on p. 38
“ altematve performance measure (APM) further deta avaiable in note 4on p. 187

2.Strategle report 3.Governance report

Annual recurring revenue”

$197m

+22% YoY (+18% cc)

(FY22: $162m)

Profit after tax’

$7m

(F¥22: loss of $15m)

"alter captaing certain sales commission under IFRSTS and begining louse deleted tax assets, see p.B1 anc p82 or more deal concerning these acjustments

cronies ©O@OO®@

Reviewed domains*

1.1m

+22% YoY

(FY22: 0.9m)

Active domains‘

116k

+16% YoY
(F¥22: 100k)

Trustpilot Group plc
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 2. Strategic report 3.Governance report

Ataglance

symbol
of trust

Picture removed to
meet Companies.
House requirements,

sromiomes ©QOQO@OOO

Who we are

Trustpilot is where millions of consumers set
the bar for trust and hundreds of thousands.
of businesses earn it,

‘Through Trustpilot, businesses engage with consumer
feedback to build trust, grow and improve.

Trustpilot had over

900

employees (“Trusties”)

as of December 2023 and is headquartered
in Copenhagen, with operations in London,
Edinburgh, New York, Denver, Melbourne,
Berlin, Milan, and Amsterdam.

Trustpilot Group ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Ata glance continued

Over
1.1 million
reviewed

domains*

“Key pertomance indicator (KP) luther etal avaiable on p. 38

3.Governance report

OOOO. : }

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

Overview

Trustpilot hosts reviews to help people buy with
confidence, and delivers insights to help businesses
improve the experience they offer. The more people
use our platform and share their opinions, the richer
the insights we offer businesses, and the more
‘opportunities they have to earn people's trust.

Businesses strengthen their reputation by collecting and
responding to authentic feedback with a platform used
by millions of global consumers.

Through Trustpilot's platform and software tools,
businesses expand their reach and acquire new customers,
cost-effectively by showcasing stars and review content.
This increases conversions throughout a buyer's journey,
and boosts engagement with advertising

Our platform and products help businesses tun feedback
into growth with performance analytics and deep insights
that help them to better serve their customers, so they can
continue to grow and drive loyalty.

‘Trustpilot Group ple
‘ond Report and Accounts 2023 1. Overview 2. Strategic report ‘3. Governance report 4.Financial statements

Ata glance continued
© Trustpilot office locations: 267 mi Ilion
Copenhagen, London, New sce one woe
York, Denver, Amsterdam, reviews’ of 1.1 million domains
Berlin, Edinburgh, Milan, (F¥22: 213 million reviews of 0.9 million domains)
Melbourne

57 million

monthly unique visitors”
(FY22: 44 million monthly unique visitors)

Picture removed to

meet Companies 116 thousand

House requirements san
active domains
(FY22: 100 thousand active domains)

$197 million
Annual recurring revenue”
(FY22: $162 million annual recurring revenue)

$14 million
Adjusted free cash flow”
(F¥22: $(13) million adjusted free cash flow)

>900

Trusties
(FY22: >900 Trusties)

“Key performance indicator (AP — further deta avatable on p. 98
Defined in glossary on pages 21310214

Trustpilot Group pic
Tenet nas GHEE  csvnstnn comment stoma §— QO OOO

Ata glance continued

Trustpilot founded
by Peter Holten Trustpilot expands into the
Mihimann, to create US and UK markets with

a universal symbol of new offices established.
trust.

Trustpilot achieves over
US$100 million in annual
recurring revenue for the

Trustpilot lists on the premium segment
of the London Stock Exchange;
publishes first Transparency Report;
launches e-commerce integrations;
exceeds 167 million reviews.

first time; platform exceeds
120 million reviews; R&D hub
established in Edinburgh.

Closed year with $197 million

The platform reached 0.9 million reviewed ARR, delivered on goal of

domains, as ¢.20 million consumers leave Profitability with $16 million
heir fit " . Tr ilot duri hi adj. EBITDA and $7 million

their first review on Trustpilot during the profit after tax. Zillah Byng-
year. Since 2020, the total number of Thorne becomes Chair and

reviews grew by over 40 per cent. Adrian Blair CEO.

Trustpilot Group ple
Janta Report thd Accounts 2023 2. Strategic report 3. Governance report 4. Financial statements

Our purpose-driven approach

Benefitting people,
businesses and society

our strategy,

Our purpose

To help people and businesses
Our purpose, help each other.
mission
& vision

Our vision Our mission

To be a universal Trustpilot
symbol of trust. everywhere.

Sup A
re en
trust & transP2™

trot up le
Trtpetrvpale a sungerpr somnmamen stamens (OOOOO

Our purpose-driven approach continued

How we doit | |
‘||

© Market opportunity
Twstpil at 0 all Busin
and has a sn global market
opportunity r|

© Business model | | |
A strong value pro
heart of our b

Our culture Our values

At Trustpilot, we’re
driven by connection

It's at the heart of what we
do. Our culture is built on the
relationships that we create .
while pursuing our vision | We are positively human
of|becoming a universal

symbol of trust.

We start with the customer

We act with integrity

We make it happen
the Planet ~ and provid

clear set of focus areas for us t0

priontise foraction || |

Read more on page 112

We win together

Picture removed to
meet Compani
House requirements

Trustpilot Group plc
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Investment case

Our differentiated
strategy, broad
applicability and
scalable brand driven
by network effects,
are key competitive
strengths.

2. Strategie report '3.Governance report

Free to use and open to all

Trustpilot is a public platform where consumers can leave
reviews for businesses and businesses can respond to
honest feedback. Our platform is free to use and open to

all businesses and consumers — yet independent of both

— so every interaction on Trustpilot is transparent for all to
see. You can find more information concerning our purpose-
driven strategy on page 33.

Aglobal review community of millions
Only Trustpilot reviews are backed by a global review
community of milions, where consumers can share

their genuine experiences to help others, and directly
‘communicate with the businesses that matter to them.

For more information on the scale of our market opportunity,
see page 24, and for a ook at how we ensure the integrity
of review content, see page 43.

Cross-vertical

We are relevant to all online and offline businesses - from
retail and healthcare to financial services and travel. Other
online review platforms may specialise in industry verticals
such as hotels and restaurants or product reviews, whereas
‘we operate across all industry verticals. Consequently, we
enjoy a material competitive advantage and a more
significant market opportunity.

SaaS toolset

Businesses can engage with consumers for free on.
Trustpilot, but we also provide paid subscription modules.
‘These tools enable business customers to invite more
reviews and analyse them to derive more high-value,
actionable insights, and to showcase their TrustScores
‘across their marketing channels. In this way, we generate
solid retums for businesses by raising their profiles, building
‘and demonstrating their trust credentials and increasing
traffic, conversion, marketing efficiency and revenues.

4. Financial statements

©O@O0®e

Auniversal symbol of trust ¥

Any business can say it delivers an extraordinary
experience but, using Trustpilot, it can say so with
credibility.

We are creating a universal symbol of trust and are
playing an integral role in helping businesses build
trust, grow, and improve.

We use technology and innovation to provide a digital
platform that is free to use, open to everyone, and
built on transparency. We monetise our platform
through a freemium SaaS 2B business model.

Today, the strength of our brand is a significant
competitive advantage for us and would be difficult
for others to emulate.

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements,

Trustpilot Group ple

Kamora QD

Investment case continued

$176m

reported revenue
(+18% YoY)

$197m

annual recurring revenue”
(+22% YoY)

1.1m

domains reviewed"
(+22% YoY)

(+25% YoY)

57m

monthly unique visitors
(+30% YoY)

2. Strategie report 3. Governance report

A purpose-driven business
We have a strong sense of duty and an opportunity to use
‘ur platform and resources for the good of consumers,
businesses, communities, and society by promoting trust
‘and empowering people.

We are committed to minimising our impact on the
‘environment through reducing our carbon footprint and
‘successfully transitioning towards a carbon neutral economy.
More information concerning our sustainability strategy can
be found starting on page 62.

Sustainable operating leverage

1 2023, we achieved $15.5 million of adjusted EBITDA"
‘compared to a $4.4 million loss in the prior year. The Group
reported a loss before tax of $1.9 milion and, as the Group
began recognising deferred tax assets, a profit for the

year of $7.1 milion was reported, compared to a loss of
$14. million a year ago. We intend to continue to proactively
manage our business to deliver operating leverage and
sustainable margin improvement over the long-term. See our
Finance review section starting on page 79 for more detail.

Strong balance sheet & cash generation
We closed 2023 with $91.5 million of net cash, an increase
from the $73.5 million we reported at the end of December
2022. This reflects our move into profitability and adjusted

free cash flow*** over the last twelve months.

(ur business has strong cash generation dynamics and
a growing cash balance, hence our disciplined capital
allocation strategy and commitment to return excess cash
to shareholders. In January 2024 we commenced a share
buyback programme, see page 82 for more detail.

Key performance indicator (KPI further detail available on p38

“Alternative performance measure (APM) - futher detail available in note 4 on p.187
“Defined in glossary on pages 213 10.214

4.Financial statements

CIOKIOT «)

Focus on effi

nt capital allocation Y

Our commitment to
maximising shareholder
returns

Capital allocation is pivotal to our success as it
dictates how we deploy our financial resources
and impacts our growth, profitability, and overall
value. We prioritise our investments to maximise
shareholder value, scale our business efficiently,
maintain the integrity of the Trustpilot platform,
innovate to drive growth in new business and
retention and invest in developing our talent

and culture.

For further information regarding our capital allocation
policy and priorities, and how we create value for all
our stakeholders, see page 32.

‘Trustpilot Group ple Strategic report Governance report
ee ar nines 2023 1.Overview 2. Strategic report 3.Governance Financial statements,

Strategic
r e p @ | rt chet acute ‘e

Market overview Ey
Our customer journey 2
Our business model a
Our strategy Fe
Key performance indicators 8
Sustainability a
‘Task Force on Climate-related 7
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)
Moder Slavery and Human Trafficking 15
Section 172(1) statement 76
Engaging with regulators and the government ”
Non-financial and sutainabi information om
Finance review 9

. Viability statement re
Risk management as

‘Trustpilot Group pic
Tepe wwe a sown scommmscmn strane §— QO OOO

Chair’s statement

A year of

Picture removed to
‘meet Companies
House requirements

We have made significant operational progress and delivered on our
commitment to profitability a year ahead of schedule, demonstrating
our business's considerable operating leverage potential and strong
cash flow characteristics. Zillah Byng-Thorne, Chair

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chair’s statement continued

66

We prioritise

our investments

to maximise
shareholder value
and scale our
business efficiently.”

Having been privileged to be appointed Chair during 2023,
this marks my first opportunity to provide you with an annuat
update on our Group's performance during the past year. It
has been a year of change for Trustpilot, with not just a new
Chair but a new Chief Executive Officer, Adrian Blair, after
our founder, Peter Holten Mahimann, transitioned out

of that role to become a Non-Executive Director and brand
ambassador.

There have been other meaningful changes, too. We
delivered on our commitment to profitability a year ahead of

schedule, demonstrating our business's significant operating
leverage potential and generating meaningful free cash flow.

3. Governance report

Strategy

We aim to build trust between consumers and businesses,
ensuring our platform is transparent, authentic, and reliable.
We strive to continuously improve the value we deliver by
investing in technology and product innovation. As a result,
we are creating a worldwide community where businesses
‘and consumers can confidently connect and make informed
decisions.

In 2023, we continued to drive our business against these
‘demanding strategic ambitions. Despite the challenges of a
weaker economic environment, particularly evident in the first
half of the year, and the leadership transition in the second
half, we grew bookings in all regions, with an improved
performance in North America. We continued to invest in

our platform to benefit the consumers who rely on Trustpilot
reviews and the businesses using our platform to build trust,
grow and improve.

‘Adoption and usage of our platform continue to grow at
pace. In the past year, we surpassed 267 million total
cumulative reviews", with over 1 million businesses
reviewed", and the active domains exceeded 116 thousand”
forthe first time. These numbers are impressive and give us
unmatched scale and breadth, but we are stil just scratching
the surface, even in our more developed markets like the UK.

Notably, our platform has doubled in size in the last three
years, with 55 per cent of all Trustpilot reviews having been
Posted since 2020, and the number of businesses with
reviews has also more than doubled during that time. This
is remarkable and illustrates perfectly the network effects
and compounding growth that are defining features of our
business.

4.Financlal statements

IOKTOT »)

Furthermore, it was encouraging to see that over the past
twelve months, our net dollar retention rate" was resilient

at 99 per cent for the Group, another reflection of the
demonstrable value we deliver to our customers. These

high retention rates also give us good visibility over future
revenues, which is advantageous as we make our investment
plans and budget for the year ahead.

Financial performance
We know from experience that this increasing consumer
adoption and engagement and an expanding base of
businesses active on Trustpilot leads to financial success
over time. In the year, we grew our bookings" to $194.6
million and ended the year with annual recurring revenue”

of $197.3 million, an increase of 16 per cent and 18 per cent
respectively, at constant currency’. We achieved revenue of
$176.4 milion in 2023, an increase of 17 per cent at constant
Currency, or 18 per cent as reported. We reported a profit
after tax for the year of $7.1 million, after capitalising certain
ssales commissions of $3.9 milion under IFRS 15 and
beginning to use our deferred tax assets with a benefit

of $12.3 million. We reported an adjusted EBITDA" of

$15.5 milion.

For further detail concerning our financial performance,
please see the Finance review on page 79 of this report.

1 Given the Group operates in multiple curencies,Tustpt believes itustatng period-
{orperiod comparisons ona constant curency basis s meaningful to see erences
Dolor tneimpact of curency fuctuatons. The Group's constant curency calculations
are pertermed by app}ying the menihly average exchange rates fom he lst month in
{he most recent period to pir periods atthe ent level Further austment fs made
1 Danish eny,Trusiplot AS, to fx he transactional impact of GBP to OKK arising,

{rom individual GBP wansactons, mail relating to UX sales. This definton has been
Updated tor the year reflecting ais recorded in GBP varsactonal curency generaing

"Atomative peormance measure (APM) ~lurther Geta avalable ln note 4 on p:187

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chair’s statement continued

Succession planning
Succession planning is paramount to the Board as it serves
as a strategic safeguard for the long-term viability and
success of the organisation. Ensuring seamless leadership
transition is a prudent risk management measure and a
crucial aspect of corporate governance. Furthermore,
effective succession planning at the management level
helps us cultivate a leadership pipeline and foster a culture
of growth, adaptability, and innovation.

| was appointed Chair on 3 April 2023, succeeding Tim
Weller, who had hetd the position since 2013. On behalf of
the Board, | thank Tim for all his hard work, oversight, and

leadership during his ten-year tenure as Chair of Trustpilot.

In 2023, we also identified and appointed a new CEO, as
Peter Holten Mahimann transitioned into a Non-Executive
Director role, while retaining his role as founder. From a
succession planning perspective, our key objective was to
find the right candidate to take up the position and ensure
‘a smooth transition, minimising the impact on day-to-day
‘operations and maintaining the confidence of our investors
and other stakeholders.

We were delighted to announce Adrian Blair’s appointment
‘as CEO in July. Adrian took up the role in September,
bringing a wealth of experience growing two-sided online
platforms and SaaS businesses, making him an outstanding
‘candidate. For further information concerning the CEO
recruitment process, please see page 121 of this report.

icreport 3. Governance report

Board effectiveness and composition

Establishing an appropriate Board composition is crucial

{or organisational success as it directly influences decision-
making, corporate governance, and strategic direction.

A diverse, well-balanced board brings valuable perspectives,
skills, and experiences with which to scrutinise strategy and
risk management, enabling us to make informed, well-
rounded decisions.

With this in mind, during 2023 we refreshed the membership
of our committees to balance responsibilities across the
Board. On the 10th February 2024, Ben Johnson, a Non-
Executive Director of the Company for over eight years,
retired from the Board. Additional information about our
Board members, including their skills, tenure, and committee
membership, can be found on page 104 of this report.

4.Financial statements

©O@O9e

‘Stakeholder engagement

‘Stakeholder engagement is vital for our success, as it fosters
trust, collaboration, and understanding among our investors,
employees, customers, regulators, and the community of
people and businesses who rely on Trustpilot each day.

During 2023, | met investors regularly to update them on
strategy, board oversight, governance, succession planning,
capital allocation, and other matters.

We also engaged with regulators and other external
stakeholders, taking a constructive approach and applying
‘our resources and expertise to help further promote trust.
For further information concerning stakeholder engagement,
‘see page 113, and specifically how we engaged with
regulators, page 77 of this report.

Capital allocation
We are committed to running an efficient balance sheet and
returning to shareholders any excess capital not required

for other priorities. With this in mind, after the year's end,

we announced that we had commenced a share repurchase
programme of up to £20 million. For further information about
how we maximise the value we deliver to stakeholders, see
page 30 of this report.

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chair’s statement continued

Sustainability

We have better-focused our efforts concerning sustainability,
building our sustainability strategy on three pillars: Partner for
the Planet, Promote Trust Online, and Empower Everyone.

in 2023, we further developed this strategy, but we stil have
work to do and we describe the proactive steps we are
taking in each of these areas in more detail in the
Sustainability section of this annual report on page 42.

We have a duty and an opportunity to use our platform
and resources for the good of consumers, businesses,
‘communities, and society by promoting trust and
‘empowering people. Concerning our environmental impact
and the broader issue of global climate change, we made
significant progress in introducing carbon emissions
reduction targets. We will submit these for external
validation to SBT in 2024. Further information concerning
our approach to climate-related risks and opportunities is
provided on page 69 of this report.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, | would like to thank our
‘employees, the consumers and businesses who rely on
‘Trustpilot, and our partners and investors for your continued
support and confidence in our vision to be a universal
symbol of trust online,

Zillah Byng-Thorne
Chair, Trustpilot Group ple
18 March 2024

3.Governance report 4.Financlal statements

06

Notably, our platform

has doubled in size

in just the last three

years - illustrating the
network effects and
compounding growth

that are defining
features of our business.”

SIOOIOT «)

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘Overview

Chief Executive’s review

Picture removed to
meet Companies
House requirements

in Blair, CEO

seommnmn  sraatroaes  QOOOO

Going deeper

*

in our focus

In my first six months at Trustpilot, | have witnessed first-hand just
how powerful our platform is for consumers and businesses
worldwide. We made strong strategic progress in 2023, building on
our strong foundations to grow our network of consumers and
businesses and deliver profitability and positive cash flow ahead of
expectations, By driving consumer adoption and delivering ever
greater value to our customers through innovation, we are confident of
delivering sustainable growth and long term margin improvement.

‘Trustpilot Group ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 {Overview 2 Stratesi

3.Governance report

Chief Executive’s review continued

66

eae
My objective is to SAY esos build tus, grow, nd improve te
ee Oe cen ee es,

deliver strategic busineses can reach more consumer, ean tek tus end

Use insights from customer reviews to get better.

clarity, operational Growth in the adoption and usage of our platform highights

this strong B2B and B2C value proposition, with 267 milion

excellence and total cumulative reviews" (+25 per cent YoY), 57 milion

average monthly unique users (+30 per cent YoY), more than
improve 1.1 million reviewed domains” (+22 per cent YoY) and the
Pp annualised run-rate of TrustBox impressions" now

pro fi ta bil i ty. ” exceeding 117 billion (+13 per cent YoY).

We are pleased with our performance as we continued to
manage our business to focus on efficiently supporting top-
line growth. We accelerated our move to into profitability,
despite an uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, delivering
adjusted EBITDA" ahead of expectations and adjusted
positive free cash flow".

This reflects the value we deliver to businesses and
consumers during challenging times and is demonstrated by
our resilient retention rates. We see first-hand the role our
platform plays in helping consumers and businesses
navigate the unpredictable economic environment.

tm OOOO

‘We operate a subscription software business model whereby
‘we invest to drive bookings growth in the near term, which
leads to revenue growth in subsequent periods. Due to the
growth of prior-period bookings, we enjoy good visibility over
future revenue at the beginning of each trading period.

Furthermore, network effects underpin our growth: the more
that consumers and businesses use Trustpilot, the more
valuable it becomes to everyone. As consumer and business
adoption grows, the two sides of our platform reinforce one
another, further extending our competitive advantage.

Financial highlights

Bookings" increased 16 per cent at constant currency, 18
per cent on a reported basis, to $194.6 million. Reported
Group revenue of $176.4 million increased 17 per cent at
constant currency, or by 18 per cent YoY on a reported
basis. We ended the year with annual recurring revenue
(ARR’) of $197.3 million, an increase of 18 per cent at
constant currency, or 22 per cent YoY on a reported basis.
Profit after tax was $7.1 million as reported, including the
benefit of capitalising $3.9 million of sales commissions
under IFRS 15 and beginning to use our deferred tax assets
with benefit of $12.3 million (see p.82 for more detail).

Adjusted EBITDA was $15.5 million (FY22: loss of $4.4
milion), we generated positive adjusted free cash flow"** of
$13.8 millon, and our balance sheet strengthened to end the
‘period wit