TRUSTPILOT GRouP PLC
Company Number 13184807

THURSDAY

3SNOH S3INVdNOO
9z0z/90/8

201

Annual Report 2025

‘Trustplot Group ple Annual Report 2025

Introduction

Trustpilot is the world’s

largest independent
customer feedback

platform and trust is at
the heart of what we do"

‘Atomative performance measures
‘The Group uises a range of siternatve performance
‘measures (APMs) to assess its performance that are not
recognised IFRS motics. These metics a understanding
‘ofthe performance and comparably between periods,
Ful definitions of PMs can b found within note 4 ofthe
‘nancial statements on page 15 orin te finance review
section on page 33. These are markad with an astorsk *)
‘throughout the documant

Strategie report

GEeyeazevearuan

4a
oo
50

oe

2025 highignts
‘Ataglance

Investment case

Strategic framework

Chair etter

CEO statement

Market review

Business model

Protecting the platform withthe Trust team
Strategy

Key performance indicators

Group performance review

Finance review

Risk management
Mabilty statement
Sustainability

Task Foree on Climate
Disclosures (TCFD)

Modem Slavery and Human Trafficking

ated Financial

63 Non-financial and sustainability information
statement

(64 Section 172(0 statement
66 Stakeholder engagement
Governance report

71 Chairs introduction

72 Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

73 Board and ELT composition ataglance
75 Boardof Diectors

78 Executive Leadership Team

79 Qurgovemance framework

83 Key Board activities during the year
87 Purpose, values and culture

91 Board performance review.

9% Nomination Committee report

98 Audit & Risk Committee report

‘NO Trust & Transparency Committee report
‘113 Remuneration Committee report

128 Directors’ report

131 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

a>

We help people make
choices and make
themselves heard. We help
businesses build trust,
grow and improve by
engaging with feedback.

Financial statements

133

139
139

40
“a
us
He
78
7
79

186
185
188

Independent auditor’ report to the members
‘of Trustpilot Group ple

Consolidated statement of profit ot oss
‘Consolidated statement of comprehensive
‘Consolidated balance sheet

‘Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cashflows

Notes tothe consolidated financial statements
‘Company balance sheet

‘Company statement of changes inequity
‘Notes to the Company financial statements
‘Other information

‘Annual Report - important information
Glossary

‘Shareholder information

Sitiate si
pont

BR BB BSQGEEYRAo~oasue

[Covernance) EFinancial statements} e@o q

2025 highlights]
(Sagan

[investment case)

Strategicyramen

ichaigslietted

EcEOstatement}
[Marketreview]
Strategy]

Ypeettormancesndic.
upyperformancerreview)

on +

ylaskhorceom climate,
bisclosures{(,CED))

Nontinancistandeustanccilty
informationstatement
[Sectionyi72(1statementy
Stakeholdenengacement

erect het onness tumtdonmmems ——t

2025 highlights

Our year in numbers

Non-Financial Highlights

4.4

Trust (TrustScore in the year)
2024: 4.0

Financial Highlights

S 2 6 i mM +20% constant currency (cc) No. of active reviews

Revenue

2024: $211m
© UK 40%
© NorhAmerica 21%

© Europe & ROW 39% Reviews removed

$41M cescmen $16M $14m

Adjusted EBITDA* Operating profit Profit before tax Trustbox impressions
1.9¢ 4.8c $47m 8.0,.
Basic earnings per share Adjusted diluted earnings per share* Adjusted free cash flow* Employee engagement

Strategic framework

Trustpilot began in 2007 with H Our offices:

a simple yet powerful idea
that is more relevant today

than ever: to be the universal
symbol of trust, bringing |
consumers and businesses i
together through reviews.
Trustpilot is open,
independent, and rs Ss By :
impartial. We help a
consumers make
and businesses to ors Seo
build trust, grow y Gomes
_— ~ ©Denver a
© Amsterdam fe

|

! rs | m u r - ee

|

Wiclaimeddomainsy
2024, Omg

F

| il ~ (2024: 127k ae

| C) Mila

Edinburgh F==

‘Trustpllot @roup ple Annual Report 2025

Investment case

Trustpilot occupies a unique position in the online review ecosystem, with no single direct
global competitor offering the same combination of openness, cross-industry coverage,
and consumer reach. As agentic search rapidly becomes more relevant, trust matters
more than ever and these are the core strengths that differentiate us.

Unique value
proposition

Trustpilot is a globally recognised
consumer brand founded on trust and
delivering unique data and insights.
The business benefits from network
effects and monetises through a
scalable 828 subscription model.

We operate independently, ensuring,
all reviews are assessed equally,
regardless of business subscription.
Our platform spans industries and
geographies, with paying customers
in over 100 countries and 160 billion
annual Trustbox impressions. This
‘trusted consumer influence translates
into measurable business value, as
companies rely on their Trustpilot
score and consumer insights to drive
growth which, with the advent of
agentic search, becomes even more
important. More than a review site,
we're building a trusted environment
for confident consumer-to-business.
engagement, underpinned by
continuous investment in

platform integrity.

Kou seatnarnaae rs _}

World-class
technology

Trustpilot's platform is built in-house
and designed for scale. Our
subscription offering enables
businesses to invite consumers to
leave reviews from which they can
gain significant insight whilst
leveraging their TrustScores to
improve conversion. With over 361
million reviews, we hold a uniquely
rich data set that powers actionable
insights. In 2025 we launched a data
product opening up the significant
insights on the platform to new types
of customers, such as investors and
consultants. We continuously
innovate, leveraging Al and machine
learning to moderate content and
detect fake reviews. During the year,
91% of the 7.8 million fake reviews
removed were identified
automatically, demonstrating our
ability to scale trust as we grow.

Opportunity
for growth

Trustpilot operates in a large and
expanding global market where trust
drives economic value. Our
serviceable addressable market
(SAM), based on our core markets,
verticals and products, is estimated
at $18 billion. There are additional
opportunities in other geographies
and verticals, which together with the
opportunity in data solutions brings
the total addressable market (TAM)
toc. $56 billion globally.

As trust becomes increasingly

central to consumer decision making -

especially in Al-driven discovery - our
role asa trusted source makes our
growth opportunity more relevant.
than ever. Trustpilot is actively
shaping industry standards and is a
founder member of the Coalition for
Trusted Reviews, reinforcing our
position as a category leader.

Ka) merrernovow pages _}

Financial statements a> 4

Proven
track-record

Being a subscription business means
that growth compounds over time
and we have consistently delivered
strong financial performance. In 2025,
revenue grew 20% at constant
currency to $261 million, driven by a
23% increase in average annual
Contract value to $10.9k, reflecting
‘our focus on higher-value Enterprise
customers. As the business scales it
delivers operating leverage. The
adjusted EBITDA margin™ increased
4.2ppts to 15.6% in the year, with $47
million in adjusted free cash flow*
These results demonstrate our ability
to scale efficiently, enhance
customer value, and expand in
strategic geographies.

Strategic framework

Tobuile tust between businesses end consumers by melding,
visisls et every customer touchpoiht = Tustpilet

Trust

Inorder to
deliver our
vision itis
critical that
we maintain
trustin the
platform.

Consumer Business
value value

Consumer Embedding
recognition Trustpilot
of the brand tools into
and what we business

stand for. workflows to
drive the

upgrade cycle

and improve
retention.

Product
innovation

Continuous.

technology *
and product
development
as we become
aproduct-led
‘organisation.

Efficient People &
growth culture

We aimto Our people
deliver topline (Trusties’)
growth with underpin

improving everything we

profitability. do and drive
success.

‘Trustplot Group ple Annual Report 2025

Chair's Letter

“Trust is the foundation of everything we do at Trustpilot

€@> 6

and is central to our mission to help consumers and businesses.”

Dear Stakeholder,

lam delighted to present
another excellent set of

Trustpilot has a strong
business model that
compounds over time
creating significant value
for all stakeholders.

Throughout the year the Board has supported the
‘management team on diverse strategic and
‘operational issues. The importance of trust in the
age of Alhas been a constant theme and the
Board and |are pleased with how the business is
positioning itself for this technological shift

‘Trust

Trust remains the foundation of everything we do
at Trustpiot and is central to our mission to help
‘consumers and businesses. We have continued to
investin our Trust team with significant
improvements in advanced detection technology
and additional specialist expertise. This

jemonstrates Our unwavering commitment to
platform integity and proactive enforcement
against bad actors.

This focus on integrity gave the Board confidence
in strongly rebutting the short seller attack in
December. As detailed in our comprehensive
rebuttal we categorically eject the allegations.
The report contained factual inaccuracies and a
fundamental misunderstanding of our

business model.

Product innovation

‘The team has continued to focus on product
innovation with new products and features for
both businesses and consumers and the launch
of our data solutions product. There is now an
embedded annual cadence around product
releases and, withthe artval of our new Chief
Product Officer, we now have a mutt-year
strategic product roadmap, which is exciting
tosee

Strong financial results

‘The Group has delivered another excelient set of
results, reflecting the strength of the business
‘model and focused execution. Bookings grew
18% in constant currency (‘cc’), with revenue
growing 24% to $261 million (2024: $21 millon).
Adjusted EBITDA* was $41 milion (2024 $24
milion) resulting in adjusted free cash flow" of
‘$47mas operating leverage continues to drop
through. Profit before tax was $14 milion (2024:
‘$5 milion). Adjusted diluted EPS* was 4 8 cents
(2024: 3.1cents) and the cash and cash
equivalents position at 31 December 2025 was
‘$48 million (2024: $69 million) after $72 million
Of share buybacks in the year.

Returns to shareholders

Intine with our capital allocation policy and given
the growth in the business, our strong balance
sheet and cash generation, we retuned $72
milion in cash to shareholders during the year
through share buybacks. We remain committed to
balancing investment for growth with margin
progression, and operating an efficient balance
sheet as the business continues to generate cash,

Governance

uring the year the Board and Committees
remained stable, but as we announced in
September 2025, we are undertaking a CFO
transition with Hanno Damm expected to
transition out of the business during 2026. A
diverse, well-balanced Board brings valuable
perspectives, skills and experiences with which to
assess strategy and risk, enabling well-rounded
decisions. Further information on governance can
be found from page 70.

Looking ahead

‘The world around us is changing rapialy. Al
capability is accelerating and consumer adoption
is growing, As agentic search rapidly becomes
‘more relevant, trust matters more than ever and
Trustpiiotis uniquely positioned to enable trust in
this new world of commerce.

Finally, on behaif of the whole Board, I'd ike to
thank our people (‘Trusties’) and all stakeholders
for your support and confidence in realising the
huge opportunity ahead,

Zillah Byng-Thome

Chair, Trustpilot Group ple

16 March 2026

‘Trustplot Group ple Annual Report 2025

CEO statement

G6

Dear Stakeholder,

Over the past year we have delivered
against our strategy whilst investing i
the business for the future. I’m
delighted with the progress
we are making and the resulting
strong financial performance.

Building Trust
in the Age of AI

Gratien bir, cE)

Fanctalstatements

Trustpilot's vision to be the
universal symbol of trust
became more critical than ever
in 2025. In a world rapidly
being reshaped by artificial
intelligence, the way people
and businesses build trust

is changing.

Consumers are navigating anew “zero-click
internet,” one of generative Al and agentic
‘search, where knowing who and what to
‘trust is increasingly complex. In this new
realty, an independent, transparent, and
‘robust platform for trust isnt just helpful,
its essential. Our business could have been
‘designed for the Al moment.

lam proud to report that we capitalised on this,
with a year of excellent strategic delivery, product
innovation and financial performance, all while
reinforcing the integrity of our platform,

Strong performance

We delivered a strong year of financial and
operational progress, demonstrating our ability to
balance continued growth with improving
profitability as revenue grew 24% and the adjusted
EBITDA margin* improved 4.2 ppts. Operating
profit increased 320% to $16.0 milion while
adjusted free cash flow" grew 173%
‘demonstrating the strong undertying economic
drivers of the business. We ended the year with
‘$296 milion in Annual Recurting Revenue (ARR).
Bookings grew 18% cc with new sales up 16% cc
year on year. Our book of business became
healthier, and with gross dollar retention improving
0 87%, we deliver more value than ever to
customers.

‘Trustpllot Qroup ple AnnualReport 2025,
CEO statement continued

Reinforcing the foundation of Trust

In 2025 we made significant investments to
protect and enhance the integrity of our platform,
We rolled out new Al-driven models, to enhance
the detection of content that does not align with
‘our guidelines, removing 11% of reviews in the year,
up from 7% in 2024. We also significantly scaled
up enforcement action against businesses who
violate our guidelines, and consumer warnings of
regulatory alerts. n ali cases, we apply the same
{uidelines to both free and paying customers.

In recognition of Tustplots robust platform
standards, we achieved the SOC 2 Type 2
Certification, a rigorous, independent validation of
cour security and operational integrity. This
Certification is particularly important for enterprise
customers and a powerful testament to our
Commitment to running secure, transparent, and
reliable platform

Winning with Enterprise

In Aprilwe released several new product features
aimed at lage businesses - helping them to
follow up on reviews for aditional insights,
understand browser behaviour on their Tustplot
profile, and include Trustplot in media more
easily. Allof this, together with accelerating
exposure of Tustplot feedback on Large
Language Models, meant Tustplot became a
more compelling proposition than ever to help
major brands buld tus.

‘The result was enterprise business growth
accelerating, with bookings from customers.
paying us more than $20k pa growing 35%. These
customers now account for over 40% of our ARR.
Key customer wins in 2025 included Sky, Liberty
Mutual and Eneco.

Innovation for an Al-driven world

(Our mission, “Trustpllot Everywhere", took on new
‘meaning this year. We positioned our business for
‘an Al-crven future by investing in three key areas:

Product: We began deploying Al across the
platform, for both businesses and consumers,
‘Al-powered review summaries on Company
Profile Pages (CPPs) gave millions of consumers @
way to understand a large volume of reviews more
‘quickly. For businesses, Alis enabling us to deliver
{feater insights from consumer reviews. We also
launched a new data solutions offering, making
customer feedback trom all Trustplot profiles
accessible via APL

‘Agontic search: Against this fast-moving
backdrop, we aim to ensure Trustpilot signals are
‘embedded wherever consumers research brands.
We made a number of changes to the platform
architecture in the year to ensure reviews are
being surfaced by Al agents. Citations by leading
large language models now represent a rapidly
growing proportion of overall Trustpilot
impressions. As a result, Trustplot ranked as the
‘5th most cited domain globally on ChatGPT in
January 2026 according to Promptwatch.

Operating efficiency: We deployed A extensively
‘across our intemal operations. Stand-out areas
include transforming the Content integrity team -
which achieved better customer outcomes by
reducing enforcement hanaing times by 90%,
achieving cost efficiencies while new review
volume grew by 15%

Path forward

We end 2025 with the Trustpilot growth flywheet
in robust shape across our focus markets, ona
strong foundation of trust. We have a healthy and
‘growing customer base, a clear strategic focus on
‘he vast enterprise opportunity, and an innovative
product roadmap that places us at the very heart
of the new Al-driven economy as we become the
essential trust tayer.

‘The market opportunity remains immense. Even in
‘the UK, our largest market, penetration into the
serviceable addressable market's only 4%. AS.
more businesses invite milions oftheir customers
to share feedback on Trustpilot, our role as the
Universal symbol of trust takes shape.

This progress would be impossible without a truly
ledicated global team. |want to end by
extending my deepest gratitude to all Tusties,
‘Their passion, resilience, and unwavering,
‘comritment to the mission were the true drivers
of success throughout 2026.

We are confident in our strategy and excited for
the future as we continue to help people and
businesses around the world build trust.

‘Adrian Blair
Chief Executive Officer, Trustpilot Group ple

‘March 2026

a> 68

In conversation
with Ciaran
Dynes, Chief
Product Officer

“Ithink it's obvious today when
you look at how consumers think
about the internet and this era that we
live in. They want to be able to attest
and understand the information that
they're using has been built by

real people.”

You will have to have a situation
that merchants are signing up to
these platforms and as they sign up,
they'll say who is their security
provider, who is their credit card
Payment system, who is their review
platform, what is their trust score. All
of those things are ess
merchant to basically att

Google, an OpenAl, Shopify,
‘Amazon... to say, hey, this is a real
merchant and that merchant is not
involved in any kind of nefarious
fraudulent activity."

v

Wiateh the fulvideo online her,

sonenn nat hen ct owner cor

Market review
Consumers are increasingly seeking

Trust is the
currency of Sahn agement

also demonstrate integrity in how
_________________—Sthey operate. Trustpilot sits at the
Gamay aly heart of this shift - providing the
commerce Sabn mean fe it roving
and meaningful dialogue between
businesses and their customers.

In 2028, the global appetite for
transparency, authenticity and
accountability has intensified.

US vertical penetration *

Mutat penretion Trustpilot market share

We estimate that our current serviceable
uK ‘addressable market (SAM) is $18 billion, which
assumes a penetration rate of 25-40% in our core
< 5% markets of the UK, US, Germany, Italy, Denmark,
France and the Netherlands, core verticals
‘and products.

This domonetates a sipiant nway for
ws Gown mpy by ening the adoption od
0, Gonatstonctcu paeenices Osopephicay,
<1% the US represents almost hat of this
tcperton opera

There re actions opportunites nother
Geographies and verticals, which together with
uma ay {ho Spporuniy cate seltone orgs
Financlt ‘Business Education Hes 10, Trustpiiot's Total Addressable Market TAM) to
<1% anestimated 855 bilon. underscoring the scale
ft long tom opportunity for tne eshess

‘Trustpllot Oroup ple Annual Report 2025 Covemance Flnanclal statements €a>

Market review continued

oe )

(7) London Research UK
Amarket shaped by transformation [MeCN Rouetureu aad re)
‘Across our core markets, we continue to see Consumers are more informed,
structural changes that reinforce the relevance of more vocal, and more values-driven

ur platform

Pa than ever before.

+ Regulation: As misinformation and fraud grow in of global consumers say they read reviews
the digital world, regulation is increasing. The ‘These behaviours are not just trends, they are becoming Bo cere makinae penchoce decision
UK's Digital Markets, Competition and norms. And they reinforce the importance of platforms ps

Consumers Act ((DMCCA’) and similar like Trustpilot in helping businesses earn and maintain

+ Aland authenticity: As generative Al becomes
more embedded in digital commerce, the need of US consumers consider reviews to be an essential
for human validation and credible feedback has resource when making purchase decision
never been greater, Trustpilot’s moderation
technology and fraud detection capabilities are

increasingly seen as essential tools for o==y,
«Pata gue fp nd
peace pr ytetantantncd

review functionality directly into the customer
journey - whether through e-commerce of people believe it is more important to trust
platforms, CRM systems or marketing ‘brands today than in the past
automation tools.

nd this sizes to 79% among Gen.

“67%

of consumers are more likely
tobe loyal to abusiness they trust

‘Trustplot Group ple Annual Report 2025

Business model

Creating value
for stakeholders

>
Inputs

The resources we need
to successfully operate
‘our business.

Technological
We use technology to provide a digital
platform that is free to use, open to
everyone and built on transparency.

Intellectual

Innovation and development of new
products and services, brand and
‘reputation, as well as purchased software
‘and professional services.

Social

Relationships with consumers, businesses,
‘employees, regulators and other
stakeholders.

Financial

We have a strong balance sheet with good
‘operating leverage and cash generation
which supports investment in growth,

Human

‘Ouremployees'(Trusties’) time, skils and
expertise, as well as investment in training
‘and development.

Natural
‘Consumption of energy, water and other
‘natural resources.

What wedo

Trustpllot operates a unique dual-sided platform that connects consumers and businesses
through authentic feedback. Our subscription model provides data and insights to businesses
and - through our new Data Solutions product - wider audiences, amplifying consumer voices.
At the heart of our business model s a commitment to content integrity, working to ensure that
every review contributes to a trustworthy digital environment.

Businesses invite consumers to leave reviews and showcase their feedback. Ths leads tomore

consumers interacting with Trustpilot

‘The more consumers read and write on Trustpilot, the more domains get reviewed, leading to

more businesses interacting with Trustpilot.

‘ata solutions

Consumer choice
‘therightcholce

Trust

Become worldioaders
inbusiness trust

Business growth

‘Consuttants
Binvostors

Cloud-native subscription
platform

‘Button AWS and Google Coud, ou softwares
developed in-house and continvousy improved
‘rough stvetured product roadmaps,

Oiminwnen )

Hojpbusinersor bua trust,
‘tow & prove

Flexible subscription model

We offer a treemium entry point for all users,
with paid subscription tiers uniocking additional
‘eatures tke automated review invitations,
marketing widgets and customer insights.

Rad more ether.

Financlalstatemonts <a>

The value we create

Businesses
ROI for businesses deploying Trustpilot

401%

Consumers
prompted brand awareness in UK

88%

Trusties
Learning & development

Sim

Partners & suppliers
payment terms

30 days

Communities & environment
fake reviews removed in 2025

7.8m

Investors
share buyback

$72m

Government & regulators
Consultation responses in the UK, EU & US.

4

“Trustplot Group ple AnnualReport 2025

Business model continued

Building trust through every review

Embedding trust
into the platform

Trust is not a feature, it's a
foundation. Our platform is
governed by five core principles:

+ Neutral: We are independent of
both consumers and businesses.

(Open: Anyone can leave a review,
‘and businesses cannot hide
‘genuine feedback.

Fair All reviews are assessed
equally, regardless of whether the
business is a paying customer.

Transparent: We publish clear
guidelines and activity logs for
every business,

Relevant: We are committed to
being relevant and useful to
consumers and businesses,

These principles are embedded into
our technology, policies, and
community engagement, ensuring,
that Trustpilot remains areliable
source of insight for consumers and
a valuable tool for businesses.

Account creation

Consumers and businesses agree
to our guidelines upon joining.
Verified accounts add an extra layer
of credibility. Company profile
pages are created by businesses
orconsumers.

1,120k verified reviewers

6
Ongoing safeguarding

We continuously improve our
detection systems and collaborate
with regulators to shape industry
standards, including through our role
in the Coalition for Trusted Reviews,
where we help set standards and
advocate for consumer protection.

New versions of all fraud detection
models delivered in 2025

Every review on Trustpilot follows a structured path designed to uphold

transparency and authenticity:

e

2

Review submission

Reviews may be invited by
businesses or submitted organically.
‘They must refiect genuine
experiences, though a purchase is
not required,

70,065k reviews submitted in 2025

Enforcement actions

Businesses that repeatedly breach
Euidelines face profile warnings or
legal action.

10,338 Consumer Warnings given
in2025

3

Automated detection

Reviews pass through machine
learning systems that analyse
millions of data points, looking at the
content, device and behavioural
signals, to detect suspicious activity
and guideline breaches.

7.8m reviews removed,
‘9% automatically

Human oversight

Technology doesn't catch everything
and we rely on our community to

flag anything suspicious on the
platform. This is then reviewed by
‘our Content Integrity and Fraud &
Investigations teams.

Average resolution time for
‘enforcementis 0.7 days.

‘Trustplot Oroup ple Annual Report 2025

Business mode! continued

Trust is our core asset and
here the Trust team explain
how they protect the
platform, why Alis nota

k, and what they want
people to know about
Trustpilot.

What happens when a review
is submitted?

Grant: “A lot of things al at once. We scan the
text of that review looking to see ifit breaches any
of our policies. We look atthe set of ules to see
dogs it look lke it has come from a fraudulent
Location ors there some other identifier that
might mean this is less likely to be genuine. And
then we look at that review in the context of the
hundreds of thousands of reviews we've received
‘over the last few weeks and months to see ifit
forms part of a pattern with other reviews. And it's
that last part that requires the machine learning,
models and all the clever AI that we use to find
the patterns that the people wouldn't be able to
‘see on their own just by looking ata single review"

Maj: “We look at primariy reviews that are flagged
by our community of users, and they could flag for
‘anumber of reasons... We have humans in the
loop that are guided by technology but ultimately
make the decision on whether there's a violation
against our policies.”

Protecting
the platform
with the
Trust team

‘Thomas: “The other piece is ‘What is a bad actor,
‘and how do you identify then?” Our specialists
‘actively monitor and infitrate on what's happening,
in the outside world... and we even interact with
bad actors. That allows us to get the latest
insights of what kind of techniques they use.

‘Again, thats all kinds of intelligence that we can
se in our detection model and by

---

r onboarding and managing
‘customers.

Links to:
Strategic priorities Principarisks Remuneration
Trust Reputation Yer

Links to:
Strategic priorities Principal risks Remuneration
Bisiness growth Operational Incretiy trough ARR.

Links to:
Strategic priorities Principalrisks Remuneration

Intro ou gross
rerio

‘Trustplot Group ple Annual Report 2025,

Key performance indicators continued

Non-financial KPIs continued

Number of active reviews (m)

Trustbox impressions (bn)

€a>

Employee engagement

2028 Co)
22 TTS
2023

Definition
The total number of service reviews on the platform at
BDecember.

Why it matters
The more genuine reviews on the platform, the more usefulit,
is to.consumers and the more businesses want to engage
‘witht, fuelling the flywheel.

Progress inthe year
Total number of reviews at 31 December 2025 was 361
milion, up 20% on the prior year.

2028 —_____160]
2026
2

Definition
The total number of Trustbox impressions generated in the
year in bilions, An impression corresponds to a successful
loading of a page containing the respective Trustbox and
itdoes not imply that the Trustbox has been viewed,

by someone.

Why it matters
‘Asa.consumer brand, awareness of Trustpitot and the
‘TrustScore isa key driver of consumer engagement, fueling,
the consumer side of the flywheel. The Trustbox impressions
are off platform and therefore a better indication of the
number of people exposed to the brand,

Progress in the year
Ourreach continues to grow, witha 14% increase in Trustbox
impressions demonstrating the ongoing health ofthe

2008 C——______ 6]

2026 78

2023

Definition
Employee engagement is defined as the average of the
‘quarteriy Peakon engagement scores taken across the year.
Peakon is scored out of 10,

Why it matters
(Our people and their engagement ae fundamental to our
success, We need to be able to attract and retain talent
togow.

Progress inthe year
‘Average engagement score in 2025 was 8.0, ahead of the
;Btior year, as initiatives implemented in response to
feedback throughout 2024 and into 2025 began to have a
tangible impact on Trusties.

‘consumer side of the flywheel.
Links to: Links to:

Strategic priorities Principalrisks Remuneration ‘Strategic priorities Principalrisks Remuneration ic priorities Principalrisks Remuneration
‘Consumervaiue Operational No ‘Consumervalue Operational. No People culture Operational Yee

‘Trustplot @roup ple Annual Report 2025,

Group performance review

Compounding
success with a high
value enterprise
base

We operate a subscription business model whereby we invest to drive
bookings growth, which provides good visibility over future revenue.
Bookings are recognised as revenue over the contract term, with contracts
typically one year in length. Retention of existing business is high with
upsell opportunities at renewal driving good net retention rates. New
contracts are added to this strong base business each year creating a
compounding effect as the business grows.

Bookings in 2025 increased to $291 4 million (2024: $239.0 million), up 18% cc. Our LTM net dollar
retention rate was 102%, compared to 103% a year ago, reflecting both an improvement in our gross
dollar retention rate to 87% (2024: 85%) and the annualisation of the repackaging we did in 2024.

‘The Group delivered revenue of $261.1 milion (2024: $210.7 million), up 20% cc. Revenue growth was
riven by a 16% cc increase in the average annual contract value (’AACV) to $10,852 reflecting our focus
‘on Enterprise customers. The number of paying customers, net of churn, increased 2% year-on-year to
27,362. In tine with our Enterprise customer strategy, customers paying us more than $20,000 grew
35%, whilst those paying less than $10,000 declined 6%. We ended 2025 with annual recurring revenue
CARR) of $2961 million (2024: $250.9 million), up 19% ce.

In the fist haf of the year we successfully launched new product features globally, for both businesses
‘and consumers. New features for businesses on our bespoke Enterprise pianincluded Review follow-up
‘and Visto insights, enabiing businesses to gain moe insights from their customers with additional
‘questions, and data on which other businesses they may be looking at on Trustpiot. In September we
formally launched our Data Solutions offering, enabling businesses to buy access to all Trustpilot
‘eviews va API as a standalone product forthe first time. This becomes ever more importantin the age
Cf Al For consumers, we introduced an Al-generated review summary and are now showcasing the most
relevant reviews at the top ofthe page making it quicker and easier for consumers to make amore
informed decision

‘Adjusted EBITDA* was ahead of expectations at $40.7 million (2024: $24.1 milion), with the adjusted
EBITDA margin* increasing 4.2ppts to 18.6% as we continue to drive operating leverage across the cost
base, particularly technology and content costs. As a result, the Group delivered an operating profit of
$16.0 milion versus $3.8 million reported for the same period last year. Net profit was $7.8 milion
(2024: $6.2 million),

‘Trstlot Grou ple Annual Raport 2025
Group performance review continued

‘Cash generated from operations was $59.2 million (2024: $29.4 milion). Capital expenditure totalled
$8.3 milion, down from $9.6 million in the prior year, with the prior year including the $2.1 milion
investment in the London ofice refurbishment. We have delivered new product releases throughout the
year with major features released in Apri. Adjusted free cashflow was $46.6 millon (2024: $171
milion). Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 2025 was $47.6 milion (2024: $68.9 milion, after
the $71.6 millon share buybackin the period.

Regional performance

smw
Bookings
UK

Europe and

North Ameri

Revenue
UK
Europe and Rest of the World 5

North Ameri

Total revenue

‘The UK is the most advanced of our regional markets with well-established network effects supporting,
attractive unit economics. During the year, the UK contributed 40% of Group bookings at $115.7 million,
up by 16% cc. Revenue grew to $104.5 millon (2024: $84.9 million) an increase of 19% co (+23%
reported). Net dollar reten