The future of T rust Annual Report 2025
Integrity
Technology
Reach
Human
We help people make 
choices and make 
themselves heard. We help 
businesses build trust, 
grow and improve by 
engaging with feedback.
Scan to read more online
investors.trustpilot.com
Strategic report
2 2025 highlights
3 At a glance
4 Investment case
5 Strategic framework
6 Chair’s letter
7 CEO statement
9 Market review
11 Business model
13 Protecting the platform with the Trust team 
14 Strategy
27 Key performance indicators
31 Group performance review
33 Finance review
37 Risk management
47 Viability statement
49 Sustainability
50 Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
62 Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
63 Non-financial and sustainability information 
statement
64 Section 172(1) statement
66 Stakeholder engagement
Governance report
71 Chair’s introduction
72 Compliance with the UK Corporate 
Governance Code
73 Board and ELT composition at a glance
75 Board of Directors
78 Executive Leadership Team
79 Our governance framework
83 Key Board activities during the year
87 Purpose, values and culture
91 Board performance review
94 Nomination Committee report
98 Audit & Risk Committee report
110 Trust & Transparency Committee report
113 Remuneration Committee report
128 Directors’ report
131 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Financial statements
133 Independent auditors’ report to the members 
of Trustpilot Group plc
139 Consolidated statement of profit or loss
139 Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income
140 Consolidated balance sheet
141 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
143 Consolidated statement of cash flows
144 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
178 Company balance sheet
179 Company statement of changes in equity
179 Notes to the Company financial statements
Other information
184 Annual Report – important information
185 Glossary
188 Shareholder information
Introduction
Trustpilot is the world’s 
largest independent 
customer feedback 
platform and trust is at 
the heart of what we do
Growth in Focus
Alternative performance measures
The Group utilises a range of alternative performance 
measures (‘APMs’) to assess its performance that are not 
recognised IFRS metrics. These metrics aid understanding 
of the performance and comparability between periods. 
Full definitions of APMs can be found within note 4 of the 
financial statements on page 155 or in the finance review 
section on page 33. These are marked with an asterisk (*) 
throughout the document.
2 2025 highlights
3 At a glance
4 Investment case
5 Strategic framework
6 Chair’s letter
7 CEO statement
9 Market review
11 Business model
14 Strategy 
27 Key performance indicators
31 Group performance review
33 Finance review
37 Risk management
47 Viability statement
49 Sustainability
50 Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
62 Modern slavery and human trafficking
63 Non-financial and sustainability 
information statement
64 Section 172(1) statement
66 Stakeholder engagement
1
Strategic 
report
In this section
Our year in numbers
Financial Highlights
$261m +20% constant currency (cc)
Revenue
2024: $211m
$41m (15.6% margin) $16m $14m
Adjusted EBITDA*
2024: $24m (11.4% margin)
Operating profit
2024: $4m
Profit before tax
2024: $5m
1.9c 4.8c $47m
Basic earnings per share
2024: 1.5c
Adjusted diluted earnings per share*
2024: 3.1c
Adjusted free cash flow*
2024: $17m
2025 highlights
2
2
Non-Financial Highlights
4.4
Trust (TrustScore in the year)
2024: 4.0
361m
No. of active reviews
2024: 301m
7.8m
Reviews removed
2024: 4.5m
160bn
Trustbox impressions
2024: 140bn
8.0/10
Employee engagement
2024: 7.8/10
ò UK 40%
ò North America 21%
ò Europe & RoW 39%
Strategic framework
3
3
Trustpilot began in 2007 with 
a simple yet powerful idea 
that is more relevant today 
than ever: to be the universal 
symbol of trust, bringing 
consumers and businesses 
together through reviews. 
Trustpilot is open, 
independent, and 
impartial. We help 
consumers make 
the right choices 
and businesses to 
build trust, grow 
and improve.
27,362
Number of customers
2024: 26,740
2,992
Customers paying >$20k pa
2024: 2,215
$10.9k
Average contract value
2024: $8.8k
1,108
Employees
2024: 988
1.5m
Reviewed domains
2024: 1.3m
1.3m
Claimed domains
2024: 1.0m
132k
Active domains
2024: 127k
Trustpilot occupies a unique position in the online review ecosystem, with no single direct 
global competitor offering the same combination of openness, cross-industry coverage, 
and consumer reach. As agentic search rapidly becomes more relevant, trust matters 
more than ever and these are the core strengths that differentiate us.
Investment case
4
Unique value 
proposition
Trustpilot is a globally recognised 
consumer brand founded on trust and 
delivering unique data and insights. 
The business benefits from network 
effects and monetises through a 
scalable B2B subscription model. 
We operate independently, ensuring 
all reviews are assessed equally, 
regardless of business subscription. 
Our platform spans industries and 
geographies, with paying customers 
in over 100 countries and 160 billion 
annual Trustbox impressions. This 
trusted consumer influence translates 
into measurable business value, as 
companies rely on their Trustpilot 
score and consumer insights to drive 
growth which, with the advent of 
agentic search, becomes even more 
important. More than a review site, 
we’re building a trusted environment 
for confident consumer-to-business 
engagement, underpinned by 
continuous investment in 
platform integrity.
World-class 
technology
Trustpilot’s platform is built in-house 
and designed for scale. Our 
subscription offering enables 
businesses to invite consumers to 
leave reviews from which they can 
gain significant insight whilst 
leveraging their TrustScores to 
improve conversion. With over 361 
million reviews, we hold a uniquely 
rich data set that powers actionable 
insights. In 2025 we launched a data 
product opening up the significant 
insights on the platform to new types 
of customers, such as investors and 
consultants. We continuously 
innovate, leveraging AI and machine 
learning to moderate content and 
detect fake reviews. During the year, 
91% of the 7.8 million fake reviews 
removed were identified 
automatically, demonstrating our 
ability to scale trust as we grow. 
Opportunity 
for growth
Trustpilot operates in a large and 
expanding global market where trust 
drives economic value. Our 
serviceable addressable market 
(SAM), based on our core markets, 
verticals and products, is estimated 
at $18 billion. There are additional 
opportunities in other geographies 
and verticals, which together with the 
opportunity in data solutions brings 
the total addressable market (TAM) 
to c. $55 billion globally. 
As trust becomes increasingly 
central to consumer decision making -
especially in AI-driven discovery - our 
role as a trusted source makes our 
growth opportunity more relevant 
than ever. Trustpilot is actively 
shaping industry standards and is a 
founder member of the Coalition for 
Trusted Reviews, reinforcing our 
position as a category leader. 
Proven 
track-record
Being a subscription business means 
that growth compounds over time 
and we have consistently delivered 
strong financial performance. In 2025, 
revenue grew 20% at constant 
currency to $261 million, driven by a 
23% increase in average annual 
contract value to $10.9k, reflecting 
our focus on higher-value Enterprise 
customers. As the business scales it 
delivers operating leverage. The 
adjusted EBITDA margin* increased 
4.2ppts to 15.6% in the year, with $47 
million in adjusted free cash flow*. 
These results demonstrate our ability 
to scale efficiently, enhance 
customer value, and expand in 
strategic geographies. 
Our Strategy page 14
 Our Business Model page 11
 Market Review page 9
 Financial Review page 33
Vision
To be the universal symbol of trust
Mission
To build trust between businesses and consumers by making Trustpilot 
visible at every customer touchpoint – Trustpilot everywhere
Strategy
Values
We start with 
the customer
We act with 
integrity
We are positively 
human
We make it 
happen
We win 
together
Strategic framework
5
Trust
 
In order to 
deliver our 
vision it is 
critical that 
we maintain 
trust in the 
platform.
Consumer 
value 
Consumer 
recognition 
of the brand 
and what we 
stand for.
Business 
value 
Embedding 
Trustpilot 
tools into 
business 
workflows to 
drive the 
upgrade cycle 
and improve 
retention.
Product 
innovation 
Continuous 
technology 
and product 
development 
as we become 
a product-led 
organisation.
Efficient 
growth 
We aim to 
deliver topline 
growth with 
improving 
profitability.
People & 
culture
Our people 
(‘Trusties’) 
underpin 
everything we 
do and drive 
success.
Read more page 16
 Read more page 18
 Read more page 20
 Read more page 22
 Read more page 24
 Read more page 25
Read more page 25
Dear Stakeholder, 
I am delighted to present 
another excellent set of 
financial results in 2025. 
Trustpilot has a strong 
business model that 
compounds over time 
creating significant value 
for all stakeholders.
Throughout the year the Board has supported the 
management team on diverse strategic and 
operational issues. The importance of trust in the 
age of AI has been a constant theme and the 
Board and I are pleased with how the business is 
positioning itself for this technological shift. 
Trust
Trust remains the foundation of everything we do 
at Trustpilot and is central to our mission to help 
consumers and businesses. We have continued to 
invest in our Trust team with significant 
improvements in advanced detection technology 
and additional specialist expertise. This 
demonstrates our unwavering commitment to 
platform integrity and proactive enforcement 
against bad actors.
This focus on integrity gave the Board confidence 
in strongly rebutting the short seller attack in 
December. As detailed in our comprehensive 
rebuttal we categorically reject the allegations. 
The report contained factual inaccuracies and a 
fundamental misunderstanding of our 
business model. 
Product innovation
The team has continued to focus on product 
innovation with new products and features for 
both businesses and consumers and the launch 
of our data solutions product. There is now an 
embedded annual cadence around product 
releases and, with the arrival of our new Chief 
Product Officer, we now have a multi-year 
strategic product roadmap, which is exciting 
to see.
Strong financial results
The Group has delivered another excellent set of 
results, reflecting the strength of the business 
model and focused execution. Bookings grew 
18% in constant currency (‘cc’), with revenue 
growing 24% to $261 million (2024: $211 million). 
Adjusted EBITDA* was $41 million (2024: $24 
million) resulting in adjusted free cash flow* of 
$47m as operating leverage continues to drop 
through. Profit before tax was $14 million (2024:
$5 million). Adjusted diluted EPS* was 4.8 cents 
(2024: 3.1 cents) and the cash and cash 
equivalents position at 31 December 2025 was 
$48 million (2024: $69 million) after $72 million 
of share buybacks in the year.
Returns to shareholders
In line with our capital allocation policy and given 
the growth in the business, our strong balance 
sheet and cash generation, we returned $72 
million in cash to shareholders during the year 
through share buybacks. We remain committed to 
balancing investment for growth with margin 
progression, and operating an efficient balance 
sheet as the business continues to generate cash.
Governance
During the year the Board and Committees 
remained stable, but as we announced in 
September 2025, we are undertaking a CFO 
transition with Hanno Damm expected to 
transition out of the business during 2026. A 
diverse, well-balanced Board brings valuable 
perspectives, skills and experiences with which to 
assess strategy and risk, enabling well-rounded 
decisions. Further information on governance can 
be found from page 70.
Looking ahead
The world around us is changing rapidly. AI 
capability is accelerating and consumer adoption 
is growing. As agentic search rapidly becomes 
more relevant, trust matters more than ever and 
Trustpilot is uniquely positioned to enable trust in 
this new world of commerce. 
Finally, on behalf of the whole Board, I’d like to 
thank our people (‘Trusties’) and all stakeholders 
for your support and confidence in realising the 
huge opportunity ahead.
Zillah Byng-Thorne
Chair, Trustpilot Group plc
16 March 2026 
Chair’s Letter
6
6
“Trust is the foundation of everything we do at Trustpilot 
   and is central to our mission to help consumers and businesses.”
Zillah Byng-Thorne, Chair
Dear Stakeholder, 
Over the past year we have delivered 
against our strategy whilst investing 
in the business for the future. 
I’m delighted with the progress 
we are making and the resulting 
strong financial performance. 
Building Trust 
in the Age of AI
Trustpilot’s vision to be the 
universal symbol of trust 
became more critical than ever 
in 2025. In a world rapidly 
being reshaped by artificial 
intelligence, the way people 
and businesses build trust 
is changing.  
Consumers are navigating a new "zero-click 
internet," one of generative AI and agentic 
search, where knowing who and what to 
trust is increasingly complex. In this new 
reality, an independent, transparent, and 
robust platform for trust isn't just helpful, 
it's essential. Our business could have been 
designed for the AI moment.
I am proud to report that we capitalised on this 
with a year of excellent strategic delivery, product 
innovation and financial performance, all while 
reinforcing the integrity of our platform.
Strong performance 
We delivered a strong year of financial and 
operational progress, demonstrating our ability to 
balance continued growth with improving 
profitability as revenue grew 24% and the adjusted 
EBITDA margin* improved 4.2 ppts. Operating 
profit increased 320% to $16.0 million while 
adjusted free cash flow* grew 173% 
demonstrating the strong underlying economic 
drivers of the business. We ended the year with 
$296 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR). 
Bookings grew 18% cc with new sales up 16% cc 
year on year. Our book of business became 
healthier, and with gross dollar retention improving 
to 87%, we deliver more value than ever 
to customers. 
CEO statement
7
7
Adrian Blair, CEO
Reinforcing the foundation of Trust
In 2025 we made significant investments to 
protect and enhance the integrity of our platform. 
We rolled out new AI-driven models, to enhance 
the detection of content that does not align with 
our guidelines, removing 11% of reviews in the year, 
up from 7% in 2024. We also significantly scaled 
up enforcement action against businesses who 
violate our guidelines, and consumer warnings of 
regulatory alerts. In all cases, we apply the same 
guidelines to both free and paying customers. 
In recognition of Trustpilot’s robust platform 
standards, we achieved the SOC 2 Type 2 
certification, a rigorous, independent validation of 
our security and operational integrity. This 
certification is particularly important for enterprise 
customers and a powerful testament to our 
commitment to running a secure, transparent, 
and reliable platform.
Winning with Enterprise 
In April we released several new product features 
aimed at large businesses - helping them to 
follow up on reviews for additional insights, 
understand browser behaviour on their Trustpilot 
profile, and include Trustpilot in media more 
easily. All of this, together with accelerating 
exposure of Trustpilot feedback on Large 
Language Models, meant Trustpilot became a 
more compelling proposition than ever to help 
major brands build trust. 
The result was enterprise business growth 
accelerating, with bookings from customers 
paying us more than $20k pa growing 35%. These 
customers now account for over 40% of our ARR. 
Key customer wins in 2025 included Sky, Liberty 
Mutual and Eneco. 
Innovation for an AI-driven world
Our mission, "Trustpilot Everywhere", took on new 
meaning this year. We positioned our business for 
an AI-driven future by investing in three key areas: 
Product: We began deploying AI across the 
platform, for both businesses and consumers. 
AI-powered review summaries on Company 
Profile Pages (CPPs) gave millions of consumers a 
way to understand a large volume of reviews more 
quickly. For businesses, AI is enabling us to deliver 
greater insights from consumer reviews. We also 
launched a new data solutions offering, making 
customer feedback from all Trustpilot profiles 
accessible via API. 
Agentic search: Against this fast-moving 
backdrop, we aim to ensure Trustpilot signals are 
embedded wherever consumers research brands. 
We made a number of changes to the platform 
architecture in the year to ensure reviews are 
being surfaced by AI agents. Citations by leading 
large language models now represent a rapidly 
growing proportion of overall Trustpilot 
impressions. As a result, Trustpilot ranked as the 
5th most cited domain globally on ChatGPT in 
January 2026 according to Promptwatch.
Operating efficiency: We deployed AI extensively 
across our internal operations. Stand-out areas 
include transforming the Content Integrity team - 
which achieved better customer outcomes by 
reducing enforcement handling times by 90%, 
achieving cost efficiencies while new review 
volume grew by 15%. 
Path forward
We end 2025 with the Trustpilot growth flywheel 
in robust shape across our focus markets, on a 
strong foundation of trust. We have a healthy and 
growing customer base, a clear strategic focus on 
the vast enterprise opportunity, and an innovative 
product roadmap that places us at the very heart 
of the new AI-driven economy as we become the 
essential trust layer. 
The market opportunity remains immense. Even in 
the UK, our largest market, penetration into the 
serviceable addressable market is only 4%. As 
more businesses invite millions of their customers 
to share feedback on Trustpilot, our role as the 
universal symbol of trust takes shape. 
This progress would be impossible without a truly 
dedicated global team. I want to end by 
extending my deepest gratitude to all Trusties. 
Their passion, resilience, and unwavering 
commitment to the mission were the true drivers 
of success throughout 2025.  
We are confident in our strategy and excited for 
the future as we continue to help people and 
businesses around the world build trust.  
Adrian Blair
Chief Executive Officer, Trustpilot Group plc
16 March 2026
CEO statement continued
8
8
In conversation 
with Ciaran 
Dynes, Chief 
Product Officer
“I think it's obvious today when you 
look at how consumers think about 
the internet and this era that we live 
in. They want to be able to attest and 
understand the information that 
they're using has been built by 
real people.”
“You will have to have a situation that 
merchants are signing up to these 
platforms and as they sign up, they'll 
say who is their security provider, 
who is their credit card payment 
system, who is their review platform, 
what is their trust score. All of those 
things are essential for the merchant 
to basically attest to a Google, an 
OpenAI, Shopify, Amazon… to say, 
hey, this is a real merchant and that 
merchant is not involved in any kind 
of nefarious fraudulent activity.”
Watch the full video online here.
Trust is the 
currency of 
commerce
US vertical penetration
Serviceable addressable market
UK SAM
$2bn
US SAM
$8bn
Germany & Italy 
$4bn
Market penetration
UK
< 5%
US
< 1%
Germany & Italy
< 1%
In 2025, the global appetite for 
transparency, authenticity and 
accountability has intensified. 
Consumers are increasingly seeking 
out brands that not only deliver 
quality products and services, but 
also demonstrate integrity in how 
they operate. Trustpilot sits at the 
heart of this shift – providing the 
infrastructure for open feedback 
and meaningful dialogue between 
businesses and their customers.
Trustpilot market share
We estimate that our current serviceable 
addressable market (SAM) is $18 billion, which 
assumes a penetration rate of 25-40% in our core 
markets of the UK, US, Germany, Italy, Denmark, 
France and the Netherlands, core verticals 
and products.
This demonstrates a significant runway for 
growth simply by driving the adoption and 
penetration of our paid services. Geographically, 
the US represents almost half of this 
expansion opportunity.
There are additional opportunities in other 
geographies and verticals, which together with 
the opportunity in data solutions brings 
Trustpilot’s Total Addressable Market (‘TAM’) to 
an estimated $55 billion, underscoring the scale 
of the long-term opportunity for the business.
Market review
9
9
A market shaped by transformation
Across our core markets, we continue to see 
structural changes that reinforce the relevance of 
our platform.
• Regulation: As misinformation and fraud grow in 
the digital world, regulation is increasing. The 
UK’s Digital Markets, Competition and 
Consumers Act (‘DMCCA’) and similar 
frameworks across Europe and the US are 
raising the bar for online transparency and 
consumer protection. Businesses are under 
growing pressure to demonstrate compliance, 
and Trustpilot’s verified review model offers a 
clear pathway to meet these expectations. 
• AI and authenticity: As generative AI becomes 
more embedded in digital commerce, the need 
for human validation and credible feedback has 
never been greater. Trustpilot’s moderation 
technology and fraud detection capabilities are 
increasingly seen as essential tools for 
safeguarding reputation. 
• Platform integration: The rise of plug-and-play 
commerce and API-first ecosystems is creating 
new opportunities for Trustpilot to embed 
review functionality directly into the customer 
journey - whether through e-commerce 
platforms, CRM systems or marketing 
automation tools. 
89%
Global consumer sentiment
Consumers are more informed, 
more vocal, and more values-driven 
than ever before.
These behaviours are not just trends, they are becoming 
norms. And they reinforce the importance of platforms 
like Trustpilot in helping businesses earn and maintain 
consumer trust. 
of global consumers say they read reviews 
before making a purchase decision
98%
of US consumers consider reviews to be an essential 
resource when making purchase decision
71%
of people believe it is more important to trust 
brands today than in the past
and this rises to 79% among Gen Z. 
67%
of consumers are more likely 
to be loyal to a business they trust
Market review continued
10
10
London Research UK
Power Reviews
Edelman
Edelman
Inputs
The resources we need 
to successfully operate 
our business.
Technological 
We use technology to provide a digital 
platform that is free to use, open to 
everyone and built on transparency.
Intellectual
Innovation and development of new 
products and services, brand and 
reputation, as well as purchased software 
and professional services.
Social
Relationships with consumers, businesses, 
employees, regulators and other 
stakeholders.
Financial
We have a strong balance sheet with good 
operating leverage and cash generation 
which supports investment in growth.
Human
Our employees’ (Trusties’) time, skills and 
expertise, as well as investment in training 
and development.
Natural
Consumption of energy, water and other 
natural resources.
Creating value 
for stakeholders
Business model
11
11
What we do
Trustpilot operates a unique dual-sided platform that connects consumers and businesses 
through authentic feedback. Our subscription model provides data and insights to businesses 
and - through our new Data Solutions product - wider audiences, amplifying consumer voices. 
At the heart of our business model is a commitment to content integrity, working to ensure that 
every review contributes to a trustworthy digital environment.
Businesses invite consumers to leave reviews and showcase their feedback. This leads to more 
consumers interacting with Trustpilot.
The more consumers read and write on Trustpilot, the more domains get reviewed, leading to 
more businesses interacting with Trustpilot.
Cloud-native subscription 
platform
Built on AWS and Google Cloud, our software is 
developed in-house and continuously improved 
through structured product roadmaps.
Flexible subscription model
We offer a freemium entry point for all users, 
with paid subscription tiers unlocking additional 
features like automated review invitations, 
marketing widgets and customer insights.
The value we create
Businesses
ROI for businesses deploying Trustpilot
401%
Consumers
prompted brand awareness in UK
88%
Trusties
Learning & development
$1m
Partners & suppliers
payment terms
30 days
Communities & environment
fake reviews removed in 2025
7.8m
Investors
share buyback
$72m
Government & regulators
consultation responses in the UK, EU & US
4
Read more page 22
Read more at here.
Building trust through every review Every review on Trustpilot follows a structured path designed to uphold 
transparency and authenticity:
Business model continued
12
12
User start
Embedding trust 
into the platform
Trust is not a feature, it’s a 
foundation. Our platform is 
governed by five core principles: 
• Neutral: We are independent of 
both consumers and businesses.
• Open: Anyone can leave a review, 
and businesses cannot hide 
genuine feedback.
• Fair: All reviews are assessed 
equally, regardless of whether the 
business is a paying customer.
• Transparent: We publish clear 
guidelines and activity logs for 
every business.
• Relevant: We are committed to 
being relevant and useful to 
consumers and businesses.
These principles are embedded into 
our technology, policies, and 
community engagement, ensuring 
that Trustpilot remains a reliable 
source of insight for consumers and 
a valuable tool for businesses.
Account creation
Consumers and businesses agree 
to our guidelines upon joining. 
Verified accounts add an extra layer 
of credibility. Company profile 
pages are created by businesses 
or consumers.
 
1,120k verified reviewers
Review submission
Reviews may be invited by 
businesses or submitted organically. 
They must reflect genuine 
experiences, though a purchase is 
not required. 
70,065k reviews submitted in 2025
Automated detection 
Reviews pass through machine 
learning systems that analyse 
millions of data points, looking at the 
content, device and behavioural 
signals, to detect suspicious activity 
and guideline breaches.
7.8m reviews removed,  
91% automatically
Ongoing safeguarding
We continuously improve our 
detection systems and collaborate 
with regulators to shape industry 
standards, including through our role 
in the Coalition for Trusted Reviews, 
where we help set standards and 
advocate for consumer protection.
New versions of all fraud detection 
models delivered in 2025
Enforcement actions
Businesses that repeatedly breach 
guidelines face profile warnings or 
legal action. 
10,338 Consumer Warnings given 
in 2025
Human oversight
Technology doesn’t catch everything 
and we rely on our community to 
flag anything suspicious on the 
platform. This is then reviewed by 
our Content Integrity and Fraud & 
Investigations teams. 
Average resolution time for 
enforcement is 0.7 days.
Trust is our core asset and 
here the Trust team explain 
how they protect the 
platform, why AI is not a 
risk, and what they want 
people to know about 
Trustpilot. 
What happens when a review 
is submitted? 
Grant: “A lot of things all at once. We scan the 
text of that review looking to see if it breaches any 
of our policies. We look at the set of rules to see 
does it look like it has come from a fraudulent 
location or is

---

f profit or loss
139 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
140 Consolidated balance sheet
141 Consolidated statement of change in equity
143 Consolidated statement of cash flows
144 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
178 Company balance sheet
179 Company statement of changes in equity
180 Notes to the Company financial statements
132
In this section
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion
In our opinion:
• Trustpilot Group plc’s group financial statements and company financial statements (the “financial 
statements”) give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and of the company’s affairs as at 
31 December 2025 and of the group’s profit and the group’s cash flows for the year then ended;
• the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted 
international accounting standards as applied in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act 2006;
• the company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom 
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 
“The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law); 
and
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2006.
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report, which comprise: 
• the Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2025;
• the Company balance sheet as at 31 December 2025;
• the Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;
• the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
• the Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; 
• the Company statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other 
explanatory information.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and 
applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable 
to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s 
Ethical Standard were not provided.
Other than those disclosed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, we have provided no 
non-audit services to the company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit.
Our audit approach
Overview
Audit scope
• Full scope audits were performed over the three components by a PwC component team who 
worked under the direction, supervision and review by the Group engagement team. The Group 
engagement team have performed audit working paper reviews on the full scope components, which 
included meetings on planning and approach, execution of work and conclusions reached.
• The Group engagement team audited the Company and other centralised functions including US and 
UK taxation, share-based payment plans, and the Group's elimination and consolidation entries.
Key audit matters
• Presentation and disclosure of the competition authority investigation (group and parent)
• Share-based payment transactions (Parent)
Materiality
• Overall group materiality: $2,611,000 (2024: $2,100,000) based on 1% of revenue.
• Overall company materiality: £687,000 (2024: £570,000) based on 1% of total assets.
• Performance materiality: $1,958,000 (2024: $1,575,000) (group) and £515,000 (2024: £427,500) 
(company).
The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant 
assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by the auditors, 
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in 
the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any comments we 
make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
Presentation and disclosure of the competition authority investigation is a new key audit matter this year. 
Revenue recognition and deferred tax assets, which were key audit matters last year, are no longer 
included because of these not being considered of most significance in this year's audit nor a 
heightened audit risk. Otherwise, the key audit matters below are consistent with last year.
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Trustpilot Group plc
133
Presentation and disclosure of the competition authority investigation (group and 
parent)
Refer to note 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements and note 23 
Commitments and contingent liabilities. 
The Group is currently subject to an investigation by the Italian Competition Authority 
(AGCM) regarding potential unfair commercial practices under the Italian 
Consumer Code. 
The disclosure as a contingent liability requires judgement in concluding whe

---

.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
152
2. Summary of material accounting policies continued
2.24 Statement of cash flows 
The consolidated statement of cash flows shows the Group’s cash flows for the year analysed and 
presented as operating, investing and financing activities, changes for the year in cash and cash 
equivalents as well as the Group’s cash and cash equivalents at the beginning and end of the year.
Cash flows from operating activities are calculated as the profit for the year, adjusted for changes in 
working capital and non-cash operating items such as share-based payment expenses, depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment losses. Working capital comprises current assets less short-term debt, 
excluding items included in cash and cash equivalents.
Cash flows from investing activities comprise cash flows from acquisitions and disposals of intangible 
assets and property, plant and equipment.
Cash flows from financing activities comprise cash flows from the principal element on lease payments, 
as well as payments to and from shareholders.
3. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, 
will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the 
Group’s accounting policies.
The judgements, estimates as well as the related assumptions made are based on historical experience 
and other factors that management considers to be reliable, but which by their very nature are 
associated with uncertainty and unpredictability. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
The significant accounting estimates and judgements at the balance sheet date, that have a significant 
risk of causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, are summarised below:
3.1 Significant accounting estimates
Significant accounting estimates are expectations of the future based on assumptions, that to the 
extent possible are supported by historical trends or reasonable expectations. The assumptions may 
change to adapt to the market conditions and changes in economic factors etc. The Group believes 
that the estimates are the most likely outcome of future events.
The significant judgements and estimates, including the assumptions, are consistent with those 
described in the year ended 31 December 2024 consolidated financial statements.
Incremental cost of obtaining customers’ contracts 
The Group recognised $9,566 thousand (FY24: $6,835 thousand) incremental costs of obtaining 
contracts with customers. The incremental costs of obtaining a contract relate to sales commission 
paid to employees and are recognised as contract assets at the time of signing contracts with 
customers. The capitalised costs of obtaining a contract are amortised on a straight-line basis over the 
period of the customer life, typically three years. 
If the amortisation period was changed to two years, closing contract acquisition costs would decrease 
by $3,071 thousand (FY24: $1,610 thousand). If the amortisation period was changed to five years, 
closing contract acquisition costs would increase by $3,330 thousand (FY24: $1,288 thousand).
Amortisation of costs to obtain customer contracts is reported within sales and marketing. Further details 
can be found in note 17.
Recognition of deferred tax assets
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets of $18,684 thousand with a 
gross tax value of $77,909 thousand (FY24: tax assets of $20,114 thousand with a gross tax value of 
$83,441 thousand) predominantly in respect of Trustpilot A/S, Trustpilot Ltd and Trustpilot Group plc, 
and unrecognised tax assets of $27,086 thousand with a gross tax value of $103,958 thousand (FY24: 
$23,040 thousand – gross tax value over $109,710 thousand) predominantly in respect of Trustpilot, Inc. 
that relates to tax loss carry-forward amounts. Trustpilot A/S and the US and UK subsidiaries have 
incurred the losses over the previous years as a consequence of expanding the Group and its 
operations. 
Of the $98,986 thousand unrecognised gross tax value relating to tax losses, $57,782 thousand 
(FY24: $58,559 thousand) relates to tax losses that can be carried forward indefinitely with no 
expiration date, and $41,204 thousand (FY24: $41,204 thousand) relates to tax losses that are 
subject to a finite utilisation period with expirations beginning as soon as 2033.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. In considering their recoverability, the Group 
assesses the likelihood of the asset being recovered within a reasonably foreseeable timeframe 
considering the future expected profit profile and business model of each relevant country, as well as 
any restrictions on use. As the Group has a history of making taxable losses, IAS 12 Income Taxes further 
requires that convincing evidence is available to support management’s assessment that sufficient 
taxable profits will be available in the future. Reflecting the improving forecasts and expectation of using 
tax losses in Trustpilot A/S, Trustpilot Group plc and Trustpilot Ltd, the Group recognised a deferred tax 
asset of $15,352 thousand (FY24: $17,586 thousand) in respect of losses which has been based on a 
risk adjusted forecast. Current forecasts indicate that the recognised losses will be utilised over the 
next three (2024: three) years. 
The severe but plausible downside scenario was modelled, which included a 5% reduction in FY25 in 
the Group’s future expected taxable income. For the deferred tax assets that have been recognised, 
the downside scenario showed that the deferred tax asset would still be utilised over the next 
three years.
The assumptions used in these forecasts, and scenarios considered, were consistent with other 
financial statement forecasts, such as the going concern and viability assessments.
For Trustpilot, Inc., even though the Group’s approved budget shows that the Company should be 
able to generate taxable profits towards the end of the forecast period, management has concluded

---

erest expense (included in finance expenses)  1,365  1,518 
Income from operating subleases of right-of-use assets  480  — 
Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of cash flows
Total net cash outflow for leases2  5,204  4,490 
1 The Group classifies leases of 12 months or below as short-term leases. These are not treated under IFRS 16 but expensed 
to the consolidated statement of profit or loss account over the period of the lease on a straight-line basis. The Group has 
no lease contracts with variable payments.
2 Cash outflow includes short-term leases and lease incentives received.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
166
15. Deferred tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
Assets Liabilities Net
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Intangible assets  —  —  (2,145)  (1,924)  (2,145)  (1,924) 
Property, plant and equipment  1,337  —  (2,653)  (3,211)  (1,316)  (3,211) 
Short-term temporary differences  3,988  4,215  —  —  3,988  4,215 
Share-based payments  2,805  3,448  —  —  2,805  3,448 
Tax losses  15,352  17,586  —  —  15,352  17,586 
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)  23,482  25,249  (4,798)  (5,135)  18,684  20,114 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities disclosed in the balance sheet are offset when there is 
a legally enforceable right to set off assets against liabilities and when they relate to the same 
fiscal authority.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. In considering their recoverability, the Group 
assesses the likelihood of the asset being recovered with a reasonably foreseeable timeframe 
considering the future expected profit profile and business model of each relevant country, as well 
as any restrictions on use. 
Reflecting the expectation of using tax losses in Trustpilot A/S and the UK entities (Trustpilot Ltd 
and Trustpilot Group plc), the Group has recognised deferred tax assets of $15,352 thousand 
(FY24: $17,586 thousand). Current forecasts indicate that the losses will be utilised over the next 
three years. Key movements include utilisation of $4,214 thousand (FY24: credit of $5,323 thousand) of 
deferred tax assets against taxable profits in the year and a revaluation gain of $1,838 thousand 
(FY24: loss of $842 thousand) due to favourable (FY24: unfavourable) movements in foreign 
exchange rates in the year.
As at 31 December 2025, $5,668 thousand (FY24: $6,738 thousand) of the closing balance relates 
to tax losses in Trustpilot A/S and $12,953 thousand (FY24: $10,848 thousand) relates to tax losses 
in Trustpilot Ltd and Trustpilot Group plc.
Movement in deferred tax during the year:
1 January 
2025
$ ‘000
Prior year 
adjustment 
$’000
Recognised 
in income
$ ‘000
Exchange 
differences
$ ‘000
Recognised 
in equity
$ ‘000
31 December 
2025
$ ‘000
Intangible assets  (1,924)  361  (333)  (249)  —  (2,145) 
Property, plant and equipment  (3,211)  15  2,083  (203)  —  (1,316) 
Short-term temporary 
differences  4,215  (34)  (398)  205  —  3,988 
Share-based payments  3,448  (15)  1,131  185  (1,944)  2,805 
Tax losses  17,586  142  (4,214)  1,838  —  15,352 
Deferred tax assets  20,114  469  (1,731)  1,776  (1,944)  18,684 
Movement in deferred tax during the prior year:
1 January 
2024
$ ‘000
Recognised in 
income
$ ‘000
Exchange 
differences
$ ‘000
Recognised in 
equity
$ ‘000
31 December 
2024
$ ‘000
Intangible assets  (1,538)  (499)  113  —  (1,924) 
Property, plant and equipment  (4,018)  810  (3)  —  (3,211) 
Short-term temporary 
differences  4,879  (613)  (51)  —  4,215 
Share-based payments  —  1,056  (70)  2,462  3,448 
Tax losses  13,105  5,323  (842)  —  17,586 
Deferred tax assets  12,428  6,077  (853)  2,462  20,114 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
167
15. Deferred tax continued
Deferred tax not recognised is attributable to the following:
Gross Unrecognised net deferred tax
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Intangible assets  2,469  2,048  518  430 
Property, plant and equipment  1,688  1,203  354  253 
Short-term temporary differences  251  1,697  53  357 
Share-based payments  —  —  —  — 
Interest  447  4,999  94  1,050 
State tax deduction  43  —  9  — 
Tax losses1  98,986  99,763  26,053  20,950 
Total  103,884  109,710  27,081  23,040 
1  There is no expiration date on $57,782 thousand (FY24: $58,559 thousand) of the losses. The remaining losses of 
$41,204 thousand (FY24: $41,204 thousand) will begin to expire in 2033 ($1,085 thousand in 2033, $5,663 thousand 
in 2034, $12,133 thousand in 2035, $12,101 thousand in 2036 and $10,222 thousand in 2037).
There was no (FY24: no) deferred tax liability recognised on temporary differences in the current or prior 
year relating to the unremitted earnings of overseas subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the 
timing of the reversal of these temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future.
16. Trade receivables
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24¹
$ ‘000
Trade receivables at 31 December  18,061  15,672 
Less provision for impairment of trade receivables  (4,362)  (3,620) 
Trade receivables net  13,699  12,052 
1 The FY24 comparative figures have been re-presented to reflect a reclassification of $1,823 thousand from gross trade 
receivables to a separate loss allowance, in accordance with IFRS 9. This has no impact on net trade receivables.
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for subscriptions sold in the ordinary course of 
business. They are typically due for settlement within 8 – 60 days and therefore are all classified as 
current. Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional 
unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value.
Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to 
approximate their fair value. This has been assessed based on future cash flows discounted at an 
appropriate rate for the risk of the debt.
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring Expected Credit Losses (ECL) which 
uses a lifetime

---

osures and its accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7.
• IFRS 9 Financial Instruments.
• IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements; and
• IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows.
The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements.
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective for annual periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2027) – IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements, introducing new 
requirements that will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and 
provide more relevant information and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the 
recognition or measurement of items in the financial statements, its impacts on presentation and 
disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular those related to the statement of profit or loss 
and providing management-defined performance measures within the financial statements.
The Group continues to assess the impact the amendments will have on the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements. To date, the following potential impacts have been identified:
• Although the adoption of IFRS 18 will have no impact on the Group’s net profit, the Group expects 
that grouping items of income and expenses in the statement of profit or loss into the new 
categories will impact how operating profit is calculated and reported. The following item will impact 
operating profit:
– Foreign exchange differences currently aggregated in finance income and/or finance expenses 
will need to be disaggregated, with foreign exchange gains or losses arising from working capital 
and intercompany loans presented above operating profit.
• The line items presented on the primary financial statements might change as a result of the 
application of the concept of ‘useful structured summary’ and the enhanced principles on 
aggregation and disaggregation. The Group does not expect there to be a significant change in the 
information that is currently disclosed in the notes because the requirement to disclose material 
information remains unchanged; however, the way in which the information is grouped might change 
as a result of the aggregation/disaggregation principles. In addition, there will be significant new 
disclosures required for:
– management-defined performance measures;
– a breakdown of the nature of expenses for line items presented by function in the operating 
category of the statement of profit or loss – this breakdown is only required for certain nature 
expenses; and
– for the first annual period of application of IFRS 18, a reconciliation for each line item in the 
statement of profit or loss between the restated amounts presented by applying IFRS 18 and the 
amounts previously presented applying IAS 1.
• From a statement of cash flows perspective, the starting point for calculating cash flows from 
operating activities will change to operating profit. Additionally, there will be changes to how interest 
received and interest paid are presented. Interest paid will be presented as financing cash flows and 
interest received as investing cash flows, which is a change from current presentation as part of 
operating cash flows.
The Group will apply the new standard from its mandatory effective date of 1 January 2027. 
Retrospective application is required, and so the comparative information for the financial year ending 
31 December 2026 will be restated in accordance with IFRS 18.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
145
1. General information continued
1.5 Use of alternative performance measures (APMs)
The Group utilises a range of alternative performance measures (APMs) to assess its performance and 
this document contains certain measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS. These include 
adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted free cash flow, adjusted diluted earnings per share 
(EPS) and adjusted diluted free cash flow per share, each of which provide meaningful, additional 
measures of Group performance. 
The Group believes these APMs provide alternative measures by which to assess the operating 
performance of the Group and, together with IFRS measures, are useful in evaluating the Group’s 
operating performance. The APMs used in the consolidated financial statements should not be 
considered superior to, or a substitute for, measures calculated in accordance with IFRS. Definitions of 
the Group’s alternative performance measures along with reconciliation to their IFRS equivalent measure 
are included in note 4 or in the Finance review on page 35.
1.6 Functional and presentation currency 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in USD.
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency 
of the primary economic environment in which the individual entity operates (the ‘functional currency’).
1.7 Climate-related risks 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors have considered the impact of climate 
change, specifically the risks identified in the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) section of the Strategic Report. As a digital business, the Group has identified its primary 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emission exposure within its value chain (Scope 3), specifically relating to 
supplier arrangements, marketing activities, capital goods procurement, employee commuting, and 
business travel. Climate-related factors are not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s 
short-term or medium-term cash flows. This assessment includes the projections used for going 
concern and viability, the carrying value of non-current assets, and the recoverability of deferred 
tax assets.
2. Summary of material accounting policies
The principal accounting policies are set out below. Policies have been applied consistently, other than 
where new policies have been applied.
2.1 Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the 
chief operating decision maker. The Group

---

w-value leases 
comprise of fixtures and fittings which are approximately $5,000 or less.
Payments and receipts are presented as follows in the Group statement of cash flows:
• Short-term lease payments, payments for leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments 
that are not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities are presented within cash flows from 
operating activities;
• Payments for the interest element of recognised lease liabilities are included in interest paid within 
cash flows from operating activities;
• Payments for the principal element of recognised lease liabilities are presented within cash flows 
from financing activities; and
• Lease incentives received are presented within cash flows from financing activities where they 
represent a reimbursement of fit-out costs.
2.14 Impairment of non-current assets
Non-current assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by 
which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. 
Development projects are reviewed semi-annually to determine whether there are indications of 
impairment. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value 
in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which 
there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from 
other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-current assets that suffered an impairment 
are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
149
2. Summary of material accounting policies continued
2.15 Financial instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
i) Financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified at initial recognition, and subsequently measured at amortised cost, at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual 
cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. The Group initially 
measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction 
costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group 
has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or FVOCI, it needs to give 
rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount 
outstanding. Financial assets that are not SPPI are classified and measured at FVTPL, irrespective of the 
business model.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified into four categories:
• Financial assets at FVTPL
• Financial assets at amortised costs (debt instruments)
• Financial assets at FVOCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses (debt instruments)
• Financial assets designated at FVOCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon 
derecognition (equity instruments)
Financial assets at FVTPL 
Financial assets at FVTPL are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes 
in their fair value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The Group’s financial assets 
measured at FVTPL includes the money market funds.
Financial assets at amortised cost
The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
• The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order 
to collect contractual cash flows; and 
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate (EIR) and 
are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is 
derecognised, modified or impaired. The Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost includes 
cash at bank and in hand, trade receivables, deposit and other receivables. 
Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss allowance.
The Group holds the trade receivables and other receivables with the objective to collect the 
contractual cash flows and measures them subsequently at amortised cost.
Deposits
Deposits relate to leasehold premises, which are included in the consolidated balance sheet as either 
non-current assets or current assets depending on the maturity date of the lease. There is an exception 
relating to the lease in Denmark, where there is a rolling 12-month lease in place with the assumption 
that Trustpilot Group plc will not leave the premises within the next 12 months and therefore the deposit 
is reported as non-current.
Impairment
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held 
at FVTPL. The most significant financial assets of the Group are its trade receivables.
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. ECLs are based on the difference between 
the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group 
expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original EIR. See note 16 for further 
description of the Group’s impairment

---

itted under paragraph 1.12 of the standard. As a result, the following disclosure 
exemptions have been taken:
• Preparing and presenting the Company statement of cash flows under Section 7 Statement of Cash 
Flows and Section 3 Financial Statement Presentation paragraph 3.17(d);
• Disclosures about financial instruments under Section 11 Basic Financial Instruments and Section 12 
Other Financial Instruments Issues paragraphs 11.42, 11.44, 11.45, 11.47, 11.48(a)(iii), 11.48(a)(iv), 
11.48(b), 11.48(c), 12.26 (in relation to those cross-referenced paragraphs from which a disclosure 
exemption is available), 12.27, 12.29(a), 12.29(b), and 12.29A; this exemption is permitted as 
equivalent disclosures are included in the consolidated financial statements of Trustpilot Group plc;
• Disclosures about share-based payments under Section 26 Share-based Payment paragraphs 
26.18(b), 26.19 to 26.21 and 26.23; this exemption is permitted as the Company is an ultimate parent, 
the share-based payment arrangements concern its own equity instruments, its separate financial 
statements are presented alongside the consolidated financial statements of the Trustpilot Group 
plc, and equivalent disclosures are included in those consolidated financial statements; 
• Disclosure of related party transactions between wholly owned subsidiaries and parents within a 
group under Section 33 Related Party Disclosures; and
• Disclosure of key management personnel compensation in total under Section 33 Related Party 
Disclosures paragraph 7.
Going concern
A principal objective of Trustpilot Group plc (the Company), as the holding company of the Trustpilot 
Group (the Group), is to manage cash and debt to safeguard the Company's ability to continue as a 
going concern for the foreseeable future.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is contingent on the ongoing viability of the 
Group. Management has performed a going concern assessment for the Group by preparing monthly 
cash flow forecasts over an 18-month period from the date of approval of these financial statements, 
and sensitising those forecasts for what the Directors consider to be the most severe but plausible 
downside scenario that could reasonably arise. 
Under all scenarios assessed, the Group retains sufficient resources to remain in compliance with the 
financial covenants attaching to its bank facilities, and the Company has access to adequate liquidity 
through its position within the Group.
Having considered the above, the Directors are satisfied that the Company has adequate resources to 
continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future, being a period of not less than 12 months 
from the date of approval of these financial statements. The Directors therefore consider it appropriate 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Company's financial statements. 
For further detail on the Group going concern assessment, refer to note 1 of the consolidated 
financial statements.
Income statement 
The Company has taken advantage of the exemption offered by Section 408 of the Companies Act 
2006 not to present its income statement. The profit after tax for the year was £55,809 thousand 
(FY24: loss after tax of £362 thousand) reflecting dividend income of £58,643 thousand (FY24: nil) 
received in the year.
Principal accounting policies
Investment in subsidiaries
The investment in subsidiaries is held at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Where share awards 
and associated social security costs relating to employee services in subsidiary companies are settled 
by the Company through issues of share or cash payments, the associated charge incurred is deemed to 
be a capital contribution and included in cost of investment.
Dividends from subsidiaries 
Dividends on investments in subsidiaries are recognised in the income statement of the Company when 
the right to receive payment is established, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of 
the cost of the investment, for example when transferring a subsidiary between entities under common 
control. In that case it is judged to be a return of capital and the parent would reallocate a portion of the 
carrying value of its investment to a separate investment based on the relative values.
Notes to the Company financial statements 
180
2. Company accounting policies continued
Share capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new 
shares are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds net of tax.
Share premium
The share premium account is used to record the aggregate amount or value of premiums paid in excess 
of the nominal value of these new ordinary shares issued. Costs that directly relate to the issue of 
ordinary shares are deducted from share premium net of corporation tax. 
Capital redemption reserve
The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve to which all redemption of Trustpilot 
Group plc’s own shares are transferred.
All shares cancelled are reclassified at nominal value from share capital to capital redemption reserve. 
Accumulated earnings/(losses) 
Accumulated earnings/(losses) comprise all current and prior period retained losses. 
Other reserves 
Other reserves contain equity-settled share-based employee remuneration. 
Financial instruments
The Company has chosen to adopt Sections 11 and 12 of FRS 102 in respect of financial instruments.
Financial assets
Basic financial assets, including trade and other receivables, cash at bank and in hand are initially 
recognised at transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where 
the transaction is measured at the present value of the future receipts discounted at a market rate 
of interest.
Such assets are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. At the end 
of each reporting period, financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed for objective 
evidence of impairment. If an asset is impaired the impairment loss is the difference between the 
carrying amount and the present value of the estima

---

ream or customer 
type and are therefore borne centrally. The results of the single reporting segment, comprising the entire 
Group, are shown in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. These represent a single 
business segment for the sale of Company subscription plans, generally for a period of 12 months, 
where the invoicing varies from monthly to annually.
The Chief Executive Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), responsible for the strategic 
decision making and for the monitoring of the operating results of the single operating segment for the 
purpose of performance assessment.
Whilst Group operations are distributed globally with a large presence in Denmark and shares are listed 
on the London Stock Exchange, the UK and North America are the Group’s primary markets where 
revenue generated consists of approximately 40% and 21% (FY24: UK: approx. 40% and North America: 
approx. 21%), respectively. Other geographical locations besides the UK and North America are defined 
as ‘Europe and Rest of World’ where no individual country exceeded more than 6% of the consolidated 
revenue in FY25 (FY24: 5%). 
Trustpilot has customers in many regions around the world but is organised globally from an operation 
perspective. For this reason, while operating assets may be recorded in Denmark for example, they will 
be supporting customers around the world. Therefore, a single operating segment is reported with 
revenue disclosed by region based on the location of the customer. Non-current operating assets are 
similarly based on geographic location.
The following table displays external revenue (based on customer location) and non-current operating 
assets by geographic area:
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Revenue
UK1  104,454  84,896 
Europe and Rest of World  101,753  81,374 
North America1  54,843  44,481 
Total revenue  261,050  210,751 
Non-current operating assets
UK1  6,374  7,923 
Europe and Rest of World  14,920  11,551 
North America1  7,988  10,126 
Total non-current operating assets²  29,282  29,600 
1 For presentation purposes, the UK includes the Isle of Man, Jersey and Guernsey. North America includes the USA 
and Canada.
2 Non-current operating assets consist of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and 
other receivables. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
156
6. Staff costs
The monthly average number of persons employed by the Group (including Directors) by function was:
FY25
Number
FY24
Number
Customer success and support  284  262 
General and administrative  180  157 
Sales and marketing  331  293 
Technology and content  279  262 
Total  1,074  974 
Group employee costs comprise:
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Wages and salaries  147,806  125,450 
Social security costs1  16,394  14,031 
Other pension costs2  4,911  3,766 
Share-based payments  12,153  7,403 
Total  181,264  150,650 
1 Social security costs in FY25 includes a charge of $349 thousand (FY24: $2,149 thousand) in respect of share-based 
payments. The reduction year-on-year is linked to the movement in Trustpilot’s share price during the year. 
2 This represents the Group’s defined contribution schemes which are provided to its employees. This charge reflects the 
current year contributions made.
Directors’ remuneration
Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in the Remuneration Committee report. One (FY24: one) 
Director exercised share options during the year.
Key management compensation
For FY25, key management consists of any Director (whether executive or otherwise); further disclosure 
of Directors’ emoluments is available in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on page 120. Aside from the 
Executive Directors, no other members of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) are viewed to qualify as 
key management, given the breadth of experience of the Directors. The compensation paid or payable 
to key management for employee services and Directors’ duties is shown below:
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Directors:
Short-term employee benefits  3,333  3,076 
Post-employment benefits  45  44 
Share-based payments  1,519  1,729 
Total compensation of key management personnel  4,897  4,849 
Employee benefits
Short-term obligations
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. The Group recognises a 
liability for the amount expected to be paid for wages, salaries, and social security contributions, as well 
as for accrued holiday pay and short-term incentives such as bonuses and sales commissions, where a 
legal or constructive obligation exists as a result of past service and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
Post-employment obligations 
Post-employment benefits consist of contributions to defined contribution pension schemes, which are 
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the Statement of Profit or Loss in the periods during 
which services are rendered by employees. The Group pays fixed contributions into separate, 
independently administered entities and has no further legal or constructive payment obligations 
once the contributions have been paid.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
157
7. Operating profit
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
Operating profit is stated after (charging)/crediting:
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors and its associates for:
Audit of parent Company and consolidated financial statements  (973)  (693) 
Audit of financial statements of subsidiaries of the Group  (63)  (299) 
Other audit-related assurance services1  (159)  (146) 
Other assurance services2  (114)  — 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment3  (1,340)  (1,208) 
Depreciation on right-of-use assets - properties3  (4,958)  (4,388) 
Amortisation on intangible assets4  (5,232)  (4,035) 
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment3  (7)  (815) 
Net gain on disposal of leases  —  238 
Impairment loss on intangible assets4  (651)  (453) 
1 Other audit-related assurance services consists of fees associated with the review of interim financials.
2 Other assurance services relate to an audit of the interim balance sheet of Trustpilot A/S and reverse valuation report over 
Trustpilot

---

signed on its behalf by:
Adrian Blair   Hanno Damm
Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer
Registered number 13184807
Financial Statements
Consolidated balance sheet
140
Note
Share capital
$ ‘000
Share premium
$ ‘000
Capital 
redemption
reserve
$ ‘000
Shares held by 
employee 
benefit trust
$ ’000
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve²
$ ‘000
Merger reserve
$ ‘000
Accumulated 
losses
$ ‘000
Total
$ ‘000
As at 1 January 2025 5,182 799 201 — 4,827 148,854 (118,476) 41,387
Profit for the year — — — — — — 7,758 7,758
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax — — — — 5,627 — — 5,627
Total comprehensive income for the year — — — — 5,627 — 7,758 13,385
Transactions with owners
Employee share scheme issues 21 82 916 — — — — — 998
Share buyback programme and cancellation of shares¹ 21 (339) — 339 — — — (71,626) (71,626)
Purchase of own shares by employee benefit trust¹ 21 — — — (1,880) — — — (1,880)
Share-based payments 8 — — — — — — 12,153 12,153
Share-based payments - related tax 10 — — — — — — (1,147) (1,147)
Exchange adjustments³ 21 384 87 20 (13) (478) — — —
Total transactions with owners 127 1,003 359 (1,893) (478) — (60,620) (61,502)
As at 31 December 2025 5,309 1,802 560 (1,893) 9,976 148,854 (171,338) (6,730)
1 848,667 (FY24: nil) treasury shares are held as at 31 December 2025 relating to shares repurchased under the Group’s share buyback programmes awaiting cancellation and shares held by the Group’s employee benefit trust.
2 Foreign currency translation reserve includes $5,344 thousand as at 31 December 2025 relating to exchange differences arising on translation of equity reserves. 
3 Exchange adjustments relate to share capital, share premium, capital redemption reserve and shares held by the employee benefit trust.
Financial Statements
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity 
141
Note
Share capital
$ ‘000
Share premium
$ ‘000
Capital 
redemption
reserve
$ ‘000
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve4
$ ‘000
Merger reserve
$ ‘000
Accumulated 
losses
$ ‘000
Total
$ ‘000
As at 1 January 2024 5,338 68,790  — 5,795 148,854 (165,664) 63,113
Profit for the year  —  —  —  —  — 6,234 6,234
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax  —  —  — (1,084)  —  — (1,084)
Total comprehensive income for the year  —  —  — (1,084)  — 6,234 5,150
Transactions with owners
Employee share scheme issues 21 124 5,290  —  —  —  — 5,414
Capital reduction 21  — (73,244)  —  —  — 73,244  — 
Capital reduction - transaction costs 21  —  —  —  —  — (172) (172)
Share buyback programme and cancellation of shares¹ 21 (204)  — 204  —  — (43,249) (43,249)
Share-based payments 8  —  —  —  —  — 7,403 7,403
Share-based payments - related tax 10  —  —  —  —  — 3,728 3,728
Exchange adjustments5 21 (76) (37) (3) 116  —  —  — 
Total transactions with owners (156) (67,991) 201 116  — 40,954 (26,876)
As at 31 December 2024 5,182 799 201 4,827 148,854 (118,476) 41,387
4 Foreign currency translation reserve includes $5,822 thousand as at 31 December 2024 relating to exchange differences arising on translation of equity reserves. 
5 Exchange adjustments relate to share capital, share premium and capital redemption reserve. 
Financial Statements
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity continued
142
Profit for the year 7,758 6,234
Adjustments to operating cash flows 28 32,562 15,636
Changes in net working capital 28 21,012 10,042
Interest received1 9 1,850 3,180
Interest paid 9 (1,965) (2,117)
Income tax paid (2,011) (3,615)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 59,206 29,360
Payments for intangible assets development 12 (7,749) (6,792)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 13 (590) (2,831)
Net cash outflow from investing activities (8,339) (9,623)
Principal elements of lease payments 26 (4,315) (4,457)
Lease incentives received 14 — 1,699
Proceeds from share issue 21 998 5,414
Capital reduction - transaction costs 21 — (172)
Purchase of own shares by employee benefit trust 21 (372)  — 
Share buyback programmes2 21 (71,626) (43,249)
Net cash outflow from financing activities (75,315) (40,765)
Net cash flow for the year (24,448) (21,028)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 19 68,942 91,464
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 3,131 (1,494)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 19 47,625 68,942
Note
FY25
$ ‘000
FY24
$ ‘000
1 Interest received includes interest income of $275 thousand (FY24: $348 thousand) and other similar income of $1,575 thousand (FY24: $2,832 thousand), refer to note 9.
2 Costs related to the share buyback programmes include share repurchases totalling $71,078 thousand (£53,798 thousand) (FY24: $42,920 thousand, £33,524 thousand) and associated transaction costs of $548 thousand (£414 thousand) 
(FY24: $329 thousand, £258 thousand). For further details on the share buyback programme please see note 21.
Financial Statements
Consolidated statement of 
cash flows
143
1. General information
Trustpilot Group plc (the ‘Company’) is a public company limited by shares, incorporated on 8 February 
2021 in the United Kingdom and registered in England & Wales with company number 13184807, and 
having its registered office at 5th Floor, The Minster Building, 21 Mincing Lane, London EC3R 7AG, 
United Kingdom.
The activity of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the ‘Group’) consists of developing and 
hosting an online review platform that helps consumers make purchasing decisions and businesses 
showcase and improve their service. Trustpilot operates a freemium model, generating revenue primarily 
by selling tiered business-to-business subscriptions that provide companies with advanced review 
management, automation, and analytics and marketing tools. 
1.1 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with UK-
adopted International Accounting Standards (IFRS) and with the requirements of the Companies Act 
2006 as applicable to companies reporting under those standards.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis and under the 
historical cost convention, except for money market funds that hav