BETA Close X Keller Group plc announced that Peter Wyton, a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, acquired 1,600 ordinary shares at £26.19 per share on June 29, 2026, through the company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan. This transaction, made via a nominee service, represents an initial notification under the Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* 1 July 2026 Keller Group plc Director/PDMR Shareholding Keller Group plc (the "Company") announces that on 29 June 2026 the Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR") listed below acquired a further interest in the Company's ordinary shares of 10 pence each (“Shares”) as a result of his participation in the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan through a nominee service. The price paid for each Share was £26.19. Name of PDMR Number of Shares acquired Peter Wyton 1,600 The Notification of Dealing Form for the PDMR can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Enquiries : Keller Group plc www.keller.com Jamie Dearsley, Assistant Company Secretary Tel: +44 204 557 2019 Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c£3bn. LEI Number: 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 1 Details of persons discharging managerial responsibility (“PDMR”) / person closely associated (“PCA”) a) Name Peter Wyton 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status PDMR (Provide job title) PCA (Provide name of job title of relevant PDMR) President, EME N/A b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer a) Name Keller Group plc b) LEI and classification 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each GB0004866223 b) Indicate nature of the transaction Acquisition Disposal Subscription Other ii) Is the transaction linked to an exercise of a share award? Yes No X iii) Was the transaction conducted pursuant to an investment programme or a trading plan? Yes No If yes, provide date at which investment programme or trading plan was entered into: X c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) (Please state currency) Volume(s) GBP26.19 1,600 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price(s) (Please state currency) Aggregated volume(s) Not applicable - single transaction Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 29 June 2026 Time zone: BST f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and