BETA Close X Keller Group plc has issued a trading update, significantly upgrading its full-year 2026 expectations due to strong performance, particularly in North America where record volumes and increased demand for infrastructure and data centres have driven results. This positive momentum, coupled with robust trading in Europe and the Middle East and performance in line with expectations in Asia Pacific, has led the Board to anticipate revenue and underlying operating profit for the full year will be materially ahead of current market consensus, which projects £3,150m in revenue and £223m in underlying operating profit. The Group's order book remains at a record £1.9bn, and its balance sheet and cash generation are strong, reinforcing confidence in its strategy and long-term growth prospects. Disclaimer* Keller Group PLC 07 July 2026 7 July 2026 Keller Group plc Trading Update; Upgrade to Full Year 2026 expectations Keller Group plc ("Keller" or "The Group"), the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor, issues a trading update ahead of its interim results for the six months ended 30 June, scheduled for 4 August 2026. Since the AGM trading update on 20 May, in which the Group reported a strong start to the year, positive momentum has accelerated. The Group has delivered an excellent performance through the remainder of the second quarter with trading in North America, the Group's largest division, materially outperforming management's expectations. The division has benefited from record volumes and a significant increase in customer demand for infrastructure projects and data centres which has more than offset a softening south Florida residential market. During the period, the division has worked on multiple data centre projects and has won several high value infrastructure contracts where clients are focused on timely and quality delivery across complex and/or large scale projects. Trading across the Europe and Middle East division has been robust for the year to date, with projects in Scandinavia, central Europe and the Middle East offsetting ongoing subdued market conditions in western Europe. The Asia Pacific division is performing broadly in line with management's expectations, with Austral continuing the momentum delivered in 2025 and largely offsetting pricing pressures in the Australia foundations market where activity levels remain strong. Tendering activity across the Group remains buoyant and, as previously announced, the Group's order book currently sits at a record level of c£1.9bn, increased by the significant multi-year I-40 highway remediation contract. Full year 2026 outlook As a result of the strong trading performance set out above, the Group's continued margin discipline and its strong order book, the Board now anticipates that the Group's revenue and underlying operating profit for the full year 2026 will be materially ahead of current market consensus 1 . The Group's balance sheet and cash generation remain strong, and the Board remains confident in the Group's strategy and long-term growth prospects. James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer at Keller, said: "Our North American operations, which account for around 60% of the Group's revenue, have delivered an exceptional performance across the US and Canada so far this year, supported by increased activity in infrastructure and data centres. This reflects Keller's ability to identify and respond to structural megatrends and pivot to subsectors with strong customer demand which drive business growth. Together with the robust results across the wider Group, this demonstrates the strength of the Group's market positioning and portfolio as well as our continued disciplined approach to project execution. We remain well positioned to continue delivering value for our customers and returns for shareholders in 2026 and beyond." As previously announced, the Group will be holding a Capital Markets Day on 14 October 2026. --------- 1 Current company compiled consensus for the year-ending 31 Dec 2026 (based on the estimates of seven analysts) is Revenue of £3,150m and Underlying Operating profit of £223m. This announcement contains inside information. The person responsible for making this announcement is Catherine Shuttleworth, General Counsel and Company Secretary. For further information, please contact: Keller Group plc www.keller.com James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer +44 20 7616 7575 David Burke, Chief Financial Officer Nicola Rogers, Group Head of Investor Relations Teneo Martin Robinson +44 20 7427 1572 Giles Kernick Camilla Cunningham Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c.£3bn. Cautionary statements This document contains certain 'forward-looking statements' with respect to Keller's financial condition, results of operations and business and certain of Keller's plans and objectives with respect to these items. Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified by their use of a date in the future or such words as 'anticipates', 'aims', 'due', 'could', 'may', 'should', 'expects', 'believes', 'intends', 'plans', 'potential', 'reasonably possible', 'targets', 'goal' or 'estimates'. By their very nature forward looking statements are inherently unpredictable, speculative and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the economies and markets in which the Group operates; changes in the regulatory and competition frameworks in which the Group operates; the impact of legal or other proceedings against or which affect the Group; and changes in interest and exchange rates. For a more detailed description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors, please see the Principal risks and uncertainties section of the Strategic report in the Annual Report and Accounts. All written or verbal forward looking-statements, made in this document or made subsequently, which are attributable to Keller or any other member of the Group or persons acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors referred to above. Keller does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this document should be regarded as a profits forecast. This document is not an offer to sell, exchange or transfer any securities of Keller Group plc or any of its subsidiaries and is not soliciting an offer to purchase, exchange or transfer such securities in any jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered, sold or transferred in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and