BETA Close X Keller Group plc announces the appointment of Annette Kelleher as Non-Executive Director and a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees of Coats Group plc, effective June 1, 2026. This appointment is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R(2). Disclaimer* For immediate release 6 May 2026 DIRECTOR DECLARATION Keller Group plc announces that Annette Kelleher has been appointed as Non-Executive Director and a member of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of Coats Group plc with effect from 1 June 2026. This notification is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R(2). CONTACT: For further information, please contact: Keller Group plc www.keller.com Silvana Glibota-Vigo, Group Head of Secretariat 020 7616 7575 Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c. £3bn. LEI number: 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and