BETA Close X Keller Group plc has appointed RBC Capital Markets as a Joint Corporate Broker, effective immediately, to work alongside the existing broker, Investec Bank plc. This announcement does not contain any specific financial figures beyond the company's annual revenue of approximately £3 billion and its operations across five continents. Disclaimer* 19 June 2026 Keller Group plc Appointment of Joint Corporate Broker Keller Group plc ("Keller" or "the Group") is pleased to announce the appointment of RBC Capital Markets ("RBC") to act as Joint Corporate Broker with immediate effect. RBC will work alongside the Group's existing corporate broker, Investec Bank plc. CONTACT: Contact: www.keller.com Keller Group plc Tel: +44 (0) 20 7616 7575 James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer David Burke, Chief Financial Officer Nicola Rogers, Group Head of Investor Relations RBC Capital Markets (Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000 Adam Miller Elliot Thomas Daniel Saveski Investec Bank (Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7597 4000 James Rudd Tom Brookhouse Sara Wallace FTI Consulting Tel: +44 (0) 20 3727 1340 Nick Hasell Matthew O’Keeffe Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c£3bn. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and