BETA Close X Keller Group plc reported a strong start to 2026, with trading performance exceeding the prior year and meeting expectations, particularly in North American foundations operations, despite macroeconomic uncertainties. The company has successfully managed increased costs by capturing price increases and has a robust order book of approximately £1.7 billion as of April 2026. Keller has also initiated a new £100 million share buyback program, having already repurchased £18 million worth of shares. The net debt/EBITDA leverage ratio is expected to remain low, similar to the prior half-year, well within the target range. Management is confident in sustaining improved operational and financial performance throughout the year. Disclaimer* Keller Group PLC 20 May 2026 20 May 2026 Keller Group plc AGM Trading Update A strong start to 2026; outlook in line with expectations Keller Group plc ('Keller' or 'the Group'), the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor, issues a trading update for the first four months of the year (the 'period') ahead of its Annual General Meeting, which will be held at 10.00am today. Trading in the period was strong compared with the prior year and in line with the Group's expectations, particularly within the Group's North American foundations operations, despite significant macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. The Group remains resilient to macro-driven increased energy and material costs by capturing price increases across new contracts and through existing contract mechanisms. Overall, management remains confident that the improved operational and financial performance experienced in recent years will be sustained, and that the Group will deliver a full year result in line with the Board's expectations. The Group's order book has strengthened during the period to c£1.7bn at the end of April 2026. Tendering activity remains buoyant and the Group has good visibility of future opportunities across all divisions. Following completion of the share buybacks announced in 2025, which returned approximately £50m, the Group launched a further £100m share buyback programme on 30 March 2026. Since launch, the Group has purchased approximately 834,000 shares at a cost of c£18m under this new programme. The Group's net debt/EBITDA leverage ratio at the first half of 2026 is expected to be similar to the prior half year (2025 HY: 0.2x), well below the Group's 0.5x-1.5x target range, despite the higher dividend payout and the further share buyback programme. James Wroath, Keller's Chief Executive Officer, said: " I am very pleased with the performance our teams have delivered so far this year. This has been achieved against a backdrop of continued global uncertainty reflecting the resilience of Keller's portfolio, the diversity of our contracts and the Group's ability to pivot to growing markets. Looking ahead, we continue to target potential bolt-on opportunities across our markets and remain confident in our ability to sustain this momentum and deliver strong performance through the remainder of 2026." Keller will announce its Interim Results on 4 August 2026. The Group also intends to host a Capital Markets Day on 14 October 2026 in London. For further information, please contact: Keller Group plc www.keller.com James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer 020 7616 7575 David Burke, Chief Financial Officer Nicola Rogers, Group Head of Investor Relations FTI Consulting Nick Hasell 020 3727 1340 Matthew O'Keeffe Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c.£3bn. Cautionary statements: This document contains certain 'forward-looking statements' with respect to Keller's financial condition, results of operations and business and certain of Keller's plans and objectives with respect to these items. Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified by their use of a date in the future or such words as 'anticipates', 'aims', 'due', 'could', 'may', 'should', 'expects', 'believes', 'intends', 'plans', 'potential', 'reasonably possible', 'targets', 'goal' or 'estimates'. By their very nature forward looking statements are inherently unpredictable, speculative and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the economies and markets in which the Group operates; changes in the regulatory and competition frameworks in which the Group operates; the impact of legal or other proceedings against or which affect the Group; and changes in interest and exchange rates. For a more detailed description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors, please see the Principal risks and uncertainties section of the Strategic report in the Annual Report and Accounts. All written or verbal forward looking-statements, made in this document or made subsequently, which are attributable to Keller or any other member of the Group or persons acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors referred to above. Keller does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this document should be regarded as a profits forecast. This document is not an offer to sell, exchange or transfer any securities of Keller Group plc or any of its subsidiaries and is not soliciting an offer to purchase, exchange or transfer such securities in any jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered, sold or transferred in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and