¢ KELLER

cecanecarse” [MN

Every day, people
around the world
live, work and play
on ground prepared
by Keller, the world’s
largest geotechnical
specialist contractor.

Whatever the size of the Strategic report 101 Audit and Risk Committee report
° 01 Highlights 108 Annual statement from the Chair
project, we have the people, 02 Ataglance of the Remuneration Committee
; . 110 Remuneration in context
expertise, experience and oe Cresiment sctement 112 Remuneration at a glance
financial stabilitytorespond — 10 ourmarket 13g Annualremuneration report
. . . ‘ irectors’ report
quickly with the optimum Q ae eee cers review 125. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
solution, execute it safely 18 —Ourpurpose, values, strategy Financial statements
i and culture 126 Independent auditor's report
and seeit through toa 20 Ourstrategy 138 Consodated nome statement
successful conclusion. 22 North America 139 Consolidated statement of
24 Europe ‘comprehensive income
26 Asia-Pacific, Middle East 140 Consolidated balance sheet.
and Africa (AMEA) 141 Consolidated statement of
28 — Chief Financial Officer's review changes inequity
34 Principalrisks and uncertainties 142 Consolidated cash flow statement
44 Task Force on Climate-related 143. Notes to the consolidated
Financial Disclosures financial statements
52 ESGand sustainability 194 Company balance sheet
74 Non-financial reporting statement 195 Company statement of changes in equity
76 GRlindex 196 Notes to the company
Governance financial statements
78 Chairman's introduction Other Information
80 Board of Directors 203 Adjusted performance measures
82 Executive Committee 206 Financial record
84 Boardleadership 207 Contacts
86 Section 172 statement 208 Cautionary statement

88 Governance framework
92 Board composition, succession

and evaluation
94 Environment Committee report
96 — Socialand Community Committee report

98 Nomination and Governance

F i
‘or further information Committee report

visit us online at

keller.com/investors

Strategic report
Group highlights

Revenue

£2,944.6m
+32%

cam

2

Diluted undertying earnings per share

100.7p
+20%
ES «.:.

€218.8m

Financial highlights

Underlying operating profit

£108.6m
+23%

2022

202 €58.5m

Statutory operating profit

£67.8m

Dividend

37.7p

+5%

35.99

€108.6m

37.19

01

Underlying operating margin

3.7%
-30bps

4.0%

Statutory profit after tax

£45.0m

Undertying Statwtory

2022 202 2022 2021
Operating profit! (Em) 108.6 88.5 67.8 76.4
Operating margin’ (%) 37 40 23 3.4
Return on capital employed (%) 14.9 13.9 9.3 120
Profit after tax' (Em) 73.2 60.7 45.0 55.6
Net debt (Em)’> 218.8 119.4 298.9 193.3

1 The 2021 comparative fnanciatresults have been restatedin respect ofthe correction of prior pertod errors arising from the fraud at Austral and prior period business combination measurement
aduustments, as cuttnedin notes 3 and 6 to the consolidated francial statements.
2. Netdebtis on. covenant basis Reconcilation to statutory numbers is set out in the adjusted performance measures section on page 203.

3 _Netdebt ona statutory basisis set cut in the adjusted performance measures section on gage 205.

02 KellerGroup plc AnnualReport and Accounts 2022

Ataglance

At its simplest, we get ground ready to build on, providing solutions
to geotechnical challenges across the entire construction sector.
We have the people, expertise, experience and financial stability

to respond quickly and see projects through safely and successfully.

hn aa ail
1860 c10,000 27

established employees acquisitions since 2000
Our purpose Our vision
Building the foundations To be the leading provider of
for a sustainable future. specialist geotechnical solutions.
Our strategy Our values
To be the preferred international geotechnical Our values are what we have judged as most
specialist contractor focused on sustainable important to how we work with colleagues and
markets and attractive projects generating customers across the globe.

sustained value for our stakeholders.

Our local businesses will leverage the Group's

scale and expertise to deliver engineered solutions Integrity Excellence
and operational excellence, driving market

share leadership in our selected segments.

Abalanced portfolio Engineered solutions
, $ Collaboration

Operational excellence Expertise and scale

[1 rermoreinformationseepagesz0-21 (1 rermeretntormationsee pages 10-19

Strategic report 03

What we do Our organisation

Sie a

4

Using our industry-leading portfolio
of techniques, our engineers can
design the best solutions that reduce
materials, cost and time for our clients

%

Deep foundations Grouting
@NorthAmerica Europe @AMEA
(Asia-Pacific. Middle East and Africa)
North-East Central Europe ASEAN
Earthretention Ground improvement South-East North-East Europe Austral
Florida South-East Europe india
Central ang Nordics Keller Australia
West South-WestEurope Middle East and Africa
Canada uk
Specialty Services
Moretrenchand RECON
Suncoast
Marine Instrumentation
and monitoring

19

business units (111 Fermoreinformation see pages 22-27

Post-tension systems Industrial services

6,000 £25k to £10m | £500k

contracts executed a year typical range in project value average project value

04 KellerGroupple AnnualReport and Accounts 2022

Investment case

Firm foundations

Resilient
revenues

Operating globally in a number of sectors
gives us the resilience to trade through
national cycticality

Good access to all markets with no
‘overweight exposure

+ Geopolitically secure
Diverse geographies (2022):
° 2 4068100

WNorthAmerica Ml Europe ML AMEA

Sustainable
margins

Specialist project profile

+ Geotechnical solutions: niche sub-
sector with operating margins of c5%
(10-year average)

+ Typically geotechnical contracting is
around 0.5% of the construction market

Underlying operating margin
Keller has a higher margin versus
general contractors (10-year average)

Diverse market sectors (2022):

20 40 60 = 80100

:
i
i

1 Power/industrial
1 office/commercial

Wi Residential

Diverse products (2022):

°
8

40 so = 80100

,
8
@
3
3
.
i
Fd
i

BW Groundimprovement MM EarthRetention
1 Post-tensioning Marine

Wi industrialservices Ml Instrumentation
andmonitering

Diverse range of contract values (2022):

Cr a a a
i Below €250k MB Eimtotsm

HH e250ktoeim W Avoveesm

Diverse number of contracts

by value (2022):

Cr a a a)
Ml Below €250k Weimtoesm

HH €250kto€1m WW Above sm

Keller 5%

Generat
contractors0.7%

Keller versus general contractor—
business model

Keller ground General
engineering construction
+ Early stage + Longer.larger
+ Lower cyclicalty projects

+ Specialistdesign + National focus
capability + Higher cyclicality

+ Amixofcontracts + Integration of
+ Higher margin multiple suppliers
+ Resource base and subcontractors

+ Positive working + Lowasset base
capital + Lowto negative
working capital

Market Size-roomto grow

£38bn £3bn

Global geotechnical Keller today
contracting market

Proprietary eq!

and specialist sI

+ World's largest equipment fleet with
feexibility to move between markets to
match local demand

+ 1,700 engineers: over 200 focused
purely on design

+ 30% of projects are ‘design and build’
where value engineering can reduce
cost by up to 40% and save time

+ Manufacturing and servicing of our own
equipment where there is competitive
advantage to do so

Cash
generative

Inherently strong cash flow characteristics
+ 10-year cash conversion rate of 92%
+ 10-year aggregate underlying EBITDA
of €1,720m
+ 10-year aggregate cash from operations
before non-underiying items of £1,590m

€300m 140%
0 | | | | | 0%
2013 2022

WM Netcashfromoperating Ml Underlying EBITDA

activities before hy i
non-underlyingitems Mf Cashconversion

Robust asset backed balance sheet
with significant funding headroom
Balance sheet strength
+ Strong working capital controls aligned
to performance targets
* Historically strong cash conversion
Comparison to general contractor
+ Advances/prepayments received
from customers considerably
lower than a general contractor
+ High volume short duration contracts
‘+ Minimal inventory
Client risk management
* Large and geographically/industry
diverse client base
+ Thorough credit review process
and strong customer relationships
* Credit insurance cover
Credit rating
+ NAIC 2c rating (equivalent to
Investment Grade)
‘Quality lender base and strong liquidity
+ €375mmulticurrency RCF facility
+ $115m bilateral term loan facility
+ $75m US Private Placement
+ E61mother borrowing fat

ies

28 years of uninterrupted
ividend payments since li

Dividend per share (p)
40

°
1996 2022

Wi Divicend HM CAGR

Strategic report

Favourable
market
trends

+ Construction sector relevant
post-COVID
+ Growing urbanisation
+ Growing infrastructure spend
+ Increased focus on ESG
+ Urbanisation and renewal demand
more sophisticated solutions
- Population growth and ageing
infrastructure
— Larger. taller structures requiring
technically demanding foundations
~ Crampedinner-city construction
requiring innovative and sustainable
techniques
~ Geotechnical solutions key
to development potential of
brownfield sites

We operate in nearly all major
metropolitan areas around the world
and have the resources and skills to
deliver to this scale and complexity

Focused
strategy

‘Tobe the preferred international geotechnical
specialist contractor focused on sustainable
markets and attractive projects. generating
fong-term value for our stakeholders,

Our local businesses will leverage the Group's
scale and expertise to deliver engineered
solutions and operational excellence. driving
market share leadership in our selected
segments

Our objectives

Balanced portfolio
We select sustainable markets (geography.
sector and products) in which to set up base
businesses, and attractive projects

Engineered solutions
We offer the best solutions to our customers
by providing alternatives and value engineering,
andinvest in innovation and digitisation

Operational excellence
We are the operational leader providing safe,
efficient, on-time and high quality delivery and
relentlessly strive to improve our operational
capability

Expertise and scale
We develop our people. processes and
assets and leverage the global strength of
our technical. operational. commercial and
financial resources.

05

Strong
governance

Strong Board and experienced
management

Diverse and experienced teams in place
fornext phase of growth

Board

+ See pages 80, 81 and 92 for
Board experience

¢ Four nationalities

* 43% female representation

Executive Committee

+ See pages 82 and 83 for Executive
Committee experience

+ Five nationalities

+ 22% female representation

Industry leading health

and safety performance

Accident frequency rate

12 |

° ln |
2012 2022

(11 Formersintarmation seepage 6?

ESG and sustainability -
our definition and focus

06 Keller Groupple AnnualReport and Accounts 2022

Chairman's statement

Our dividend history
is exceptional.
INN

Despite the challenging external events in recent ‘As we recover from the economic impact of
. . the pandemic and manage inflation. supply
and earlier years we have consistently increased or chain constraints and ever changing geopolitics,
: . eos . our role has never been more relevant in our
maintained the dividend over the last 28 years since markets to build foundations for a sustainable
ge future. Despite the macroeconomic challenges.
first listing on the London Stock Exchange, one of only we reported. strong financial and operational

performance. The Group delivered a record
cE3bn in revenue. up 24%, and strong growth

in underlying operating profit. up 12%, both on

a constant currency basis. The good operating
performance was the main driver of earnings
growth, with earnings per share (EPS) up by 20%.
all compared with 2021. Statutory operating
profit. comprising of underlying operating profit
and non-underlying items, decreased by 11%.
largely reflecting the increase in one-off non-
underlying operating costs.

a few UK listed companies to have achieved this.

Peter Hill CBE
Chairman

‘Our clear purpose and strategy have guided
‘our decision-making in the year and remains
consistent. to be the preferred international
geotechnical specialist contractor focused on
sustainable markets and attractive projects.
generating long-term value for our stakeholders.
We have made good progress. refining the
portfolio in several areas as well as making two
bolt-on acquisitions.

{nearly 2023. we were immensely disappointed
to announce a financial reporting fraud at one of
‘our business units in Australia. twas anisolated
case with no impact on cash but nonetheless

‘a reminder for the Board and management to
continue to be vigilant in our supervision and
stewardship roles. continually evaluating and
improving all that we do across the Group.

Despite this, the Group still delivered strong
results and continues to move forward in 2023.
The order book is robust. as well as high-
quality. NEOM in Saudi Arabiais an exciting
‘opportunity for the Group. We started the first
Works Order in December and we completed
the piling work February 2023, ahead of
schedule. We are now in advanced discussions
‘on sizeable packages in relation to this project.

Strategic report

Section 172 statement
and Code compliance

‘The Directors have acted to promote the
success of the company for the benefit
of shareholders, whilst having regard to
the matters listed in section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006 during 2022.

In addition, the Board and the company
fully applied the principles and complied
with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Code.

1 Fermoreinformation seupages

The Framework Agreement we signedin
2022 paves the way for multiple contract
awards. While we are in the early stages of
this project. it is evolving into a significant and
‘material opportunity for the future. As a Group
we continue to capture emerging opportunities
and to invest in the future.

The sector continues to move forward and
transform. We are continually adapting and
being responsive to our customers needs and
frequently pre-empting them with new products
to drive efficiencies, implementing sustainable
solutions required for anet zero future and
recruiting the diverse workforce we need to
make us a more inclusive business.

ESG

Not only am | the Director responsible for ESG
but am profoundly dedicated to the topic and!
have a strong desire to make a positive change.

‘Tackling climate change is a key priority. We are
committed to reducing the carbon intensity

‘of our work and increasing the quality and
granularity of our carbon reporting and we have
made good progress in this area. Itis heartening
tobe able to report good progress against

the targets we set out in 2021, tobe net zero
by 2050.

Keller recognises and embraces the broadest
definition of diversity. Gender equality

and empowermentis a UN Sustainability
Development Goal we have committed

to progressing, In 2022 we focused on
strengthening local accountability to embed the
right ambitions. behaviours and practices in the
‘company, whilst ensuring that our employees’
views are considered in all that we do.

People are our business so keeping our
colleagues safe and wellis paramount. We

want every person who works for us, or with

us. to go home safely at the end of each day.
Disappointingly. the metric by which we measure
our safety performance. accident frequency
rate (AFR). increasedin the year with an uptick
particularly in hand and finger injures. The datais
being scrutinised and a remedial plan has been
putin place.

We also look beyond safety. working towards
everyone being better off and healthier having
worked for Keller. This drives our thinking and the
commitment to quaiity of fe and sustainable
livelinoods across the company.

07

Board composition and succession
Our Board Diversity Policy has been in place
since January 2021. We have made great strides
in achieving a diverse Board, particularly in
respect of female representation which stands
at 43% (2021: 57%). We have met or exceeded
the diversity targets we set ourselves in the
Board's Diversity Policy and as recommended by
the FTSE Women Leaders and Parker Reviews.
which set targets of a 33% female share of
Board Directors by 2020 and a minimum of

‘one Board Director from an ethnic minority
background by 2022.

Juan G. Hernandez Abrams joined the Board
as anindependent Non-executive Director

on 1 February 2022 and became a member of
the Audit and Risk. Environment. Nomination
and Governance, Remuneration, and Social
and Community Committees. Juan succeeded
Nancy Tuor Moore as Environment Committee
Chair on 18 May 2022. lis biography i» sel ut
onpage81.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank
Nancy for her contribution since joining the
Board as Non-executive Director in 2014 and
her valuable input on various committees - the
‘Audit and Risk, Nomination and Governance.
Remuneration and Workforce Engagement
‘and Chair of the Health, Safety. Environment
and Quality Committee. The Board and the
wider Group have benefitted greatly fromher
extensive knowledge and experience. particularly
of the US engineering and construction sector,
and we all wish her well in her future ventures.

08

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chairman's statement continued

LINN

The sector continues to move forward and transform.
We are continually adapting and being responsive to

our customers needs and frequently pre-empting them
with new products to drive efficiencies, implement
sustainable solutions required for a net zero future and
recruit the diverse workforce we need to make us amore

inclusive business.”

Growing the dividend

Keller has an unbroken record of dividends,
having consistently and materially grown its
dividend in the 28 years since listing which clearly
demonstrates the Group's abilty to continue to
prosper through economic downturns, including
both the global financial crisis and the pandemic.
The Boardis committed to paying dividends
through the cycle and, despite the increase in
net debt driven by growth in the year, the Board
is recommending an increased dividend for 2022
inkeeping withits confidence in the future. The
Board has recommended a 5% increase in the
final dividend which follows the 5% increase in
the interim dividend and marks the resumption
of the Group's progressive dividend policy. The
final dividend of 24.Sp (2021: 23.3p) will be paid
on 23 June 2023 to shareholders on the register
as at the close of business on 2 June 2023.

This will bring the 2022 total cividend payable
t0.37.7p (2021: 35.9p),

Looking ahead

During 2022 the management team have
successfully developed and implemented the
Group's strategy. rationalising and restructuring
Keller's geographic and service activities to
create amore focused. resilient and higher
auaiity portfolio of businesses. remain confident
that Keller's strategy will generate long-term
value for shareholders, Whilst trading conditions
are improving and momentumis increasing.
evidenced by our strong order book, undoubtedly
there will be challenges through 2023 as the
world continues to weather the effects of the
economic aftershocks following the pandemic.

Nonetheless, the Group is well placed to continue
toexecute on the strategy and will pursue

both organic and M&A growth opportunities.
maintaining our disciplined assessment of
potential acquisitions as well as look to further
refine the portfolio and exit non-core businesses
where appropriate.

The past two years have undoubtedly been a
very challenging time for many, including but

not limited to the global pandemic and the war

in Ukraine. Our people have again proved their
resilience whilst showing their dedication and
commitment to our projects and customers.
The strong set of results for 2022 could not have
been achieved without the efforts of the 10,000
people who make Keller the great company it

1s, During the year, |had the privilege to meet
many colleagues in different locations and saw
first-hand the hard work and commitment that
prevails across the Group. | want to thank all our
people, on behalf of the Board, for everything
they have done and continue to do for Keller.

Peter Hill CBE
Chairman

Approved by the Board of Directors
‘and authorised for issue on 10 March 2023.

Strategicreport

09

Case study

Helping the industry
reduce emissions

Keller's carbon reduction guide has
formed the basis for the European
Federation of Foundation Contractors’
(EFFC) first sustainability guide focused
on carbon reduction.

While there is widespread consensus that the
construction industry needs to play its part in reducing
carbon emissions, putting that into practice is more of
achallenge.

Luke Deamer, Keller's Group Sustainability Manager and
Vice-Chair of both the EFFC and the UK Federation of
Piling Specialists’ sustainability work groups. produced

a carbon reduction guide for Keller. He then built on

this guidance with the EFFC. creating a guide that

was applicable to the wider geotechnical sector. This,
EFFC guide also set out why cutting carbon matters
and how members can make improvements with best
practice guidance.

The EFFC guide explores different ways that companies
cen cut carbon, whether that's reducing material use,
decarbonising transport and equipment or making
changes on site. It includes both quick wins for
companies just starting their decarbonisation journey,
2 well as ways to improve in a business with more

mature carbon reduction initiatives.

Find the guide at: wwweffc.org/effc-carbon-
reduction-guide

INN

We all have a part to playin

creating alow carbon future for the
geotechnical sector. This is areal
opportunity for all of us to develop.”

Venu Raju
Group Engineering and Operations Director

10 Keller Group ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2022

Our market

Our purpose

is to build the
foundations for a
sustainable future.

While we are the world’s largest geotechnical specialist
contractor, we still have potential to grow our market
share in our chosen regions. Our business units are
designed to understand their local markets whilst
leveraging the Group's scale and expertise. This
combination delivers the engineered solutions and
operational excellence that drive market leadership.

Astrong position but plenty of room to grow

1. Global geotechnical
contracting market

|. Addressable markets

. Core markets where we
choose to operate

P|

P3bn

Non-addressable markets are mainly China,
North and South Korea, Japan and Russia.

. Keller today

1USD 0.81 GaP
‘Global construction market €9,6000n 2022.

Share of addressable market €23bn"
iz hater
a SeletaehBochyMenrd

Bauer (contracting)

Trevi(contracting)

Generalcontractor owned

Country/regional specific, small players

1 Sources: Keter accounts IHS Globs! Insight, GlobalData and other local sources.

Favourable market trends

The long-term trends in the global
construction market remain positive.
Our Group strategy is designed to
capitalise on these trends.

infrastructure renewal

‘As populations grow and infrastructure ages. there's,

an imperative to invest in new and greater capacity.
Geotechnical solutions are often complex and
sophisticated and large-scale and cramped metropolitan
environments can present additional technical challenges.
We have the resources and skils to deliver to this scale and
complexity. 2 reputation for delivery and the proven ability
to team up successfully with our customers and partners.

Demand for complete solutions

Geotechnical solutions increasingly require multiple
products. Our broad product portfolio ensures we can
design an effective and efficient solution while our project
management capabilities mean we can integrate other
subcontractors and deliver ‘turnkey’ contracts. This
reduces the number of interfaces for our customers to
manage and reduces risk

Technical complexity

The construction market is becoming more digital and
sites are increasing in sophistication and complexity.
We have a strong history of innovation.

We leverage our in-house equipment manufacturing
capacities and develop market-leading data acquisition
systems to control and record our processes, and share
information with our customers and the rest of the supply
chain, We can integrate instrumentation and monitoring
solutions and are Building Information Modelling

(81M) capable.

Urbanisation

As cities expand they require more sophisticated solutions.
Larger, taller structures need more technically demanding
foundations to withstand the building loads and provide
resilience against climate change and acts of nature
suchas rising water levels or earthquakes. We have a
comprehensive network of regional offices located in
major metropolitan areas. This local presence keeps us
close to our customers and the opportunities,

Development land shortage

Theres a desire to convert more brownfield and marginal
land. Geotechnical solutions are at the fore in releasing
the development potential of otherwise sterile or derelict
areas. Our world-leading geotechnical engineering team,
broad portfolio and near shore marine capability. mean we
can cope with the most complex challenges when working
on brownfield or marginal sites.