$ KELLER Building the foundations

for a sustainable future

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2021

I

A15 20/05/2022 #213
COMPANIES HOUSE

l

*

FRIDAY

Keller Group ple

Resilient delivery

Contents

Strategic report

Every day, people around
2 Aagence the world live, work and play on

4 Investment case

6 Chaiemon'sstaterent ground prepared by Keller, the

10 Ourmarket

12 Business model ' .
ta Chul bsecune Offers review world's largest geotechnical
18 Ourstrategy . .
20. Normamera specialist contractor.
22 Europe .
24 Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa (AMEA)
26 = Chief Financial Officer's review

32 Principat risks and uncertainties

42. ESGandsustanabity Whatever the size of the project,

66 Non-financial reporting statement.

Governance we have the people, expertise,

68 Chairman's introduction

70, Boardof Decors experience and financial stability

72 Executive Committee .
7a. Soatdleadership and purpose to respond quickly with the
78 Governance framework

82. Boardcompositon succession optimum solution, execute it

and evaluation
84 Environment Committee report fe d | h h
ie Soacomnceeteersn | sately and see it through to a
88 Nomination and Governance Committee .
report successful conclusion.
90 Audit and Risk Committee report
96 Annual statement from the Chair
of the Remuneration Committee
98 Remuneration in context
100 Remuneration at a glance
102 Annual remuneration report
112 Directors’ report
115 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

116 Independent auditor's report to
the members of Keller Group ple

127 Consolidated income statement

128 Consolidated statement of

comprehensive income

129 Consolidated balance sheet

130 Consolidated statement of keller.com/investors
changes in equity

131 Consolidated cash flow statement

132 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

175 Company balance sheet

176 Company statement of changes in equity

177 Notes to the company financial
statements

Other information

185 Adjusted performance measures
188 Financial record

189 Contacts

189 Cautionary Statement

Keller Group ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2021 Strategic Report

Highlights

Group highlights
£2,224.4ms €1.5bn con
Revenue Order book
(2020: €2,062.5m) (2020: €1.0bn)
£92.8m ~ £62.1m 51%
Underlying operating profit Statutory profit after tax
(2020: £110.1m) (2020: €41.1m)
9 119.4
4.2% vom OE 4m OS
Underlying operating margin Net debt’
(2020: 5.3%) (2020: €120.9m)
88.4 55.9
4) .Ip Nachange
Diluted underlying earnings per share Dividend
(2020: 96.3p) (2020: 35.9p)

Financial highlights

Underiying Statutory

2021 2020 2021 2020

Operating profit (Em) 92.8 110.1 80.5 77.0
Operating margin (%) 4.2 5.3 3.6 37
Return on capital employed (%) 14.4 16.4 12.5 15
Profit after tax (Em) 63.8 68.6 62.1 411
Net debt (Em) 119.4" 120.9" 193.3? 192.5?

1 Netdebtis on a covenant basis. Reconciliation to statutory numbersis set out in the adjusted performance measures section on page 185.
2. Netdebton a statutory basis set out in the adjusted performance measures section on page 185.

02 Keller Groupple Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Strategic Report

Ata glance

Atits simplest, we get ground ready to build on, providing
solutions to geotechnical challenges across the entire
construction sector. We have the people, expertise,
experience and financial stability to respond quickly

and see projects through safely and successfully.

es

1860

established

ee
aa
c10,000

employees

al
25

acquisitions since 2000

Our vision
To be the leading provider of

Our purpose
Building the foundations

for a sustainable future.

specialist geotechnical solutions.

Strategy

To be the preferred international geotechnical

specialist contractor focused on sustainable WV’ avatanced portfolio v Operational excellence
markets and attractive projects generating

sustained value for our stakeholders. V Engineered solutions v Expertise and scale
Our local businesses will leverage the Group's For more information

scale and expertise to deliver engineered Seepage 16

solutions and operational excellence,
driving market share leadership in our
selected segments.

Our values

Our values are what we have judged as most
important to how we work with colleagues
and customers across the globe.

Integrity Collaboration Excellence

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Strategic Report 03
What we do Our organisation
Using our industry-leading portfolio
of techniques, our engineers can
design the best solutions that
reduce materials, cost and time
for our clients.
For more information
See page 12
Deep Grouting Earth VNorthAmerica V Europe v AMEA
foundations retention (Asto-Pacific, Middle East and Aitcal
North-East Central Europe ASEAN
South-East North-East Europe Austral
Florida South-East Europe and India
Central Nordics Keller Australia
West South-West Europe Middle East and At
Canada UK For more information
Ground Marine Instrumentation Specialty Services For more information Seepoge 24
improvement and monitoring Moretrench Industrial Seepage 22

Post-tension
systems

Suncoast

Ba reeiormation
Seepage 20

Industrial
services

819

6,000 £25k to £10m £375k

business units contracts executed typical range in average project value
ayear project value

sectors gives us the resilience to trade
through national cyclicality

+ Good access to all markets with no
overweight exposure

+ Geopolitically secure

North America Europe AMER

Diverse market sectors (2021):
° 20 40 60 80 100

@ Infrastructure/ Publicbuildings
WM Power/Industrial Ml Office/ Commercial
@ Residential Marine

Diverse products (2021):
Le
° 20 40 60 80 100

@ Deep Foundations
@ EarthRetention
Wi Marine

1 Post-tensioning

I Specialtygrouting
I Groundimprovement

Bi Instrumentationand
monitoring

Diverse range of contract values (2021):
° 20 40 60 80 100

I Below £250k
W Elmtoesm

M@ £250ktoeIm
Wi Above E5m

Diverse number of contracts.

by value (2021):
0. 20 40 60 80

Wl Below £250k
MEImtoesm

WE250kto€1m
@ AbovetSm

+ Geotechnical solutions: niche
sub-sector with operating margins
of 5%+ (10-year average)

+ Typically geotechnical contracting is
around 0.5% of the construction market

Operating margin
Keller has a higher margin versus -
general contractors (10-year average)

8%
=
° — |

2%

Keller 5% Generalcontractors0.9%

Keller versus general contractor

business mode!

Keller ground General construction

eering + Longer.larger

+ Early stage projects

+ Lower cyclicality + National focus

+ Specialistdesign + Higher cyclicality
capability + Integration

+ Amixofcontracts of multiple

+ Higher margin suppliers and

« Resource base subcontractors

+ Positive working + Lowasset base
capital + Low to negative

working capital

Market Size-Room to grow

£35bn £2bn

Global geotechnical Keller today
contracting market

Proprietary equipment and specialist skills

+ World's largest equipment fleet with flexibility
tomove between markets to match local
demand

+ 1,500 geotechnical engineers; over 200
focused purely on design

+ 50% of projects are ‘design and build’ where
value engineering can reduce cost by up to
40% and save time

+ Manufacturing and servicing of our own
equipment where there is competitive
advantage todo so

04 Keller Group ple Annual Reportand Accounts 2021 Strategic Report
Investment case
Firm foundations
Resilient Sustainable Cash
revenues margins generative
+ Operating globally in a number of Specialist project profile inherently strong cash flow characteristics

€260m 140%

£0
2012 2021

C Netcashfrornoperatingactivities
beforenon-underlyingiterns

Ml UnderyingEBITDA fl Cashconversion

+ 10-year cash conversion rate of 100%

+ 10-year aggregate underlying EBITDA
of €1,610m

+ 10-year aggregate cash from operations
before non-underlying items of €1,618m

Robust asset backed balance sheet

with significant funding headroom

Balance sheet strength

+ Strong working capital controls aligned to
performance targets

+ Historically strong cash conversion

Comparison to general contractor

+ Virtually no advance/prepayments received
from customers

+ High volume short duration contracts

+ Minimal inventory

Client risk management

+ Large and geographically/industry diverse
client base

+ Thorough credit review process and strong
customer relationships.

+ Credit insurance cover

Credit rating
+ NAIC 2c rating (equivalent to Investment Grade}

Quality lender base and strong liquidity
+ €375MRCF funding

+ $75m US Private Placement
+ €76m other borrowing facilities

27 years of uninterrupted dividend
payments since isting
Dividend per share (p)

40
CAGRE%

0
1994 2021

WOvidend CCAR

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic Report 0s

Favourable
market trends

+ Construction sector relevant
post-COVID

+ Growing urbanisation
+ Growing infrastructure spend
+ Increased focus on ESG

+ Urbanisation and renewal demand
more sophisticated solutions

~ Population growth and aging infrastructure

— Larger, taller structures requiring
technically demanding foundations

- Crampedinner-city construction
requiring innovative and sustainability
techniques

= Geotechnical solutions key to
development potential of brownfield sites

We operate in nearly all major
metropolitan areas around the world
and have the resources and skills to
deliver to this scale and complexity.

Sustainable future

Focused
strategy

Tobe the preferred international
geotechnical specialist contractor focused
on sustainable markets and attractive
projects, generating long term value for
our stakeholders

Our local businesses will leverage the
Group's scale and expertise to deliver
engineered solutions and operational
excellence, driving market share
leadership in our selected segments

Our objectives
Balanced portfolio.

We select sustainable markets (geography,
sector and products) in which to set up base
businesses, and attractive projects

Engineered solutions
We offer the best solutions to our customers.

by providing alternatives and value engineering,

and invest in innovation and digitisation

Operational excellence

We are the operational leader providing
safe, efficient, on-time and high quality
delivery and relentlessly strive to improve
‘our operational capability

Expertise and scale

We develop our people, processes and assets
and leverage the global strength of our
technical, operational, commercial and
financial resources

Strong
governance

‘Strong Board and experienced
management

Diverse and experienced teams in
place for next phase of growth

Board

+ See pages 70, 71 and 82
for Board experience

+ Four nationalities

+ 57% female representation

Executive Committee

+ See pages 72 and 73 for Executive
Committee experience

+ Five nationalities

+ 18% female representation

Industry leading health and safety
performance (See pages 58 to 61)

Accident frequency rate

12
° ln.

2012 2021

‘Sustainability - our definition and focus
(See page 42 for our ESG and
sustainability report)

06 Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Chairman's statement

Peter Hill CBE

WV

2021 demonstrated the remarkable
resilience of our company, this
stands us in good stead for 2022

and the years ahead.

4A

Strategic Report

Aresilient year

Keller undoubtedly proved its resilience in 2021
‘overcoming the many challenges posed by
COVID-19 whilst further rationalising the
business portfolio, completing a number of
bolt-on acquisitions, delivering another strong
set of results which were ahead of market
‘expectations and maintaining the dividend.

This time last year, the world was gripped by the
challenges of the global pandemic, and we were
correct when we said that the late cycle nature
of our business made us cautious about the
associated short-term economic impact as

we went into 2021. Whilst the pandemic
continued to impact the Group during the year,
we successfully navigated our way through a
myriad of challenges across our geographies,
protecting our employees at the same time

as progressing our projects, large and small,
while still delivering on our strategy. We made
good progress during the year, delivering a
strong financial performance above market
expectations and demonstrating the resilience
of our operating model.

Led and executed by our leadership team, we
have made good progress delivering on our
strategy, to be the preferred international
geotechnical specialist contractor focused

on sustainable markets and attractive projects,
generating long-term value for our stakeholders.
We have made further strides in rationalising the
portfolio as well as a small number of attractive
bolt-on acquisitions that all help advance our
strategy. In what was operationally another
challenging year, our successes can be attributed
to our leaders globally and their focus of leading
by example and employing our core values of
integrity, collaboration, a drive for results and
overall excellence. | would like to thank our
exceptional people around the world, not only for
their hard work, but also for their resilience and
determination which have ensured that we are
emerging stronger from the pandemic.

Keller continued to generate healthy cash flows
that we have re-invested in our business as well
as delivering sustainable cash returns in the form
of dividends to our shareholders.

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic Report

07

Health, safety and wellbeing

The health, safety and wellbeing of our
employees is of utmost importance, and the
rigour that is deployed in this areais reflected

in our continued overall improving trends. The
Group's accident frequency rate (AFR) reduced
by 42% compared with 2020, and our AMEA
Division had an outstanding year, achieving an
AFR of zero. We are very proud of our industry-
leading performance and improving track record.

However, at the beginning of the year,a tragic
fatality occurred following an accident ona site in
‘Austria in which we lost a long-serving and valued
employee. Whilst it has been determined Keller
was not at fault for the accident. the incident has
caused us to redouble our efforts and we have
continued to advance our safety programmes.

The global COVID-19 pandemic continued to
create operational challenges in 2021. The
Group has actively encouraged and supported
employees to become vaccinated against
COVID-19 wherever possible. However, I'm
greatly saddened that as a Group we have lost
eight colleagues due to COVID-19 related iliness.
Whilst we believe none of these cases were
related to the workplace, we have taken great
care in supporting the families through their
bereavements. The vaccination status of those
that have diedis consistent with the external
benchmark globally and supports our active
approach to encourage our workforce in
becoming vaccinated.

In recognition of the benefit of free vaccination
that many of the Group's employees and their
families have received from their national
governments, the Board approved a funding
contribution of £300,000 to UNICEF's COVID-19
Vaccines Appeal. This amount approximately
equates to the cost of vaccinating the Keller
workforce and their immediate families andis
helping UNICEF deliver 1.9 billion doses of
vaccines for frontline health workers, social
workers, teachers and those at highest risk

In an ever-changing world, it has never been
more important to support employee health and
wellbeing. We recognise this and therefore
launched our first-ever Wellbeing Foundations,
which helps our business units support and
develop the body, mind, community, growth

and financial security wellbeing of our
employees worldwide.

Building on our Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) agenda

As the Director responsible for ESG and
sustainability on the Board, lam passionate and
committed to this topic. To reflect the growing
importance of ESG matters and to provide
greater focus and oversight, we announced in
July that the Board had established two new
Board Committees: the Environment Committee
and the Social and Community Committee.

In addition, the Audit and the Nomination
Committees were renamed the Audit and Risk
‘Committee and the Nomination and Governance
Committee respectively, to better reflect

their remits. Further detail with regard to the
membership and terms of reference for these
Committees can be found on page 78.

We define ESG and sustainability according to
‘our four Ps: Planet, People, Principles, and
Profitable projects. Beneath each P, we have a
number of global and local initiatives aligned to.
the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
These provide a common language for us to
communicate sustainability initiatives to our
stakeholders worldwide. In terms of global
initiatives, under Planet we focus on carbon
reduction (SDG 13), under People, we focus on
safety (SDG 3) and gender equality (SDG 5); and
under Principles we focus on good governance
{SDG 16). In addition there are a number of other
SDG initiatives that are being supported at local
business level that are relevant and appropriate
to their community context. Further detail can be
found on page 42.

Importantly, in respect of carbon reduction,

we have set ambitious and achievable net zero
targets by 2050. We believe that carbon targets
are essential to mitigate global climate-related
risks while we pursue climate-related
‘opportunities in our operations and contracts.
We divide our emission targets using the scopes
set out in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. We will
be net zero across all three emission scopes by
2050; net zero on Scope 2 by 2030, net zero on
Scope 1 by 2040 and net zero by 2050 on
Operational Scope 3. We have begun
implementing the short, medium and long-term
actions required to achieve these goals, helping
the Group live up to its purpose of ‘building the
foundations for a sustainable future’. Our full
report on ESG and sustainability is set out on
pages 42 to 65.

Section 172 statement

* and Code compliance

The Directors have acted to promote the
success of the company for the benefit of
shareholders, whilst having regard to the
matters listed in section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006 during 2021.

In addition, the Board and the company
fully applied the principles and complied
with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Code.

08 Keller Group ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2021

Chairman's statement continued

Strategic Report

We have many ongoing initiatives under our
People agenda. Having launched our Inclusion
Commitments, our focus in 2021 was on giving
our teams the understanding and the means to
contribute to our aspiration to become a diverse,
equitable and inclusive workplace.

An important part of good governance is
listening to and understanding the views of our
stakeholders. Towards the end of the year we
commissioned a third party to undertake an
independent audit of a number of investment
managers. The outcome has not only enabled
the Board to obtain a deeper level of
understanding of the views of our shareholders,
and potential investors, but also gives the
Executive management additional input as they
formulate the strategy for the medium term.
We will repeat the exercise in the future so that
we can maintain a momentum of continuous
improvement and monitor our progress.

Developing our Board
When larrivedin 2016, I set out an ambition
tohave a Board from multiple industries and
geographies that had varied and valuable
experiences as well as gender and ethnic diversity.
We have achieved that goal. believe that different
viewpoints and experiences ensure that better
informed decisions are made when applying
judgements in challenging circumstances, We have
made great strides in achieving a diverse Board,
Particularly in respect of female representation
which willstand at 43% following the AGM.

WV

We have met or exceeded the diversity targets we
set ourselves in the Board's Diversity Policy and as
recommended by the Hampton-Alexander and
Parker Reviews, which set targets of a 33% female
share of Board Directors by 2020 and a minimum
cof one Board Director from an ethnic minority
background by 2022

On 1 February, we announced the appointment
of Juan G. Hernandez Abrams, who has joined
the Board as an independent Non-executive
Director and will be Chair of the Environment
Committee. His biography is set out on page 70.
Juan brings rich and diverse experience to the
Board and | warmly welcome him to Keller,

On behalf of the Board | would lke to pay tribute
to Nancy Tuor Moore for her significant
contribution since joining the Board as a
Non-executive Director in 2014 and her valuable
input at various committees - the Audit,
Nomination, Remuneration and Workforce
Engagement and Chair of the Health, Safety,
Environment and Quality Committee. The Board
and the wider Group have benefitted greatly
from her extensive knowledge and experience,
particularly of the US engineering and
construction sector, and we wish her well.

Maintaining the dividend

We are all very proud of our dividend history
and recognise its importance to shareholders.
Even through very challenging times we have
consistently increased or maintained the
dividend over the last 27 years since first listing
‘on the London Stock Exchange, one of only a
few UK listed companies to have achieved this.

We are very proud of our dividend history,
we have consistently increased or
maintained the dividend over the last

27 years since first listing on the London
Stock Exchange, one of only a few UK
listed companies to have achieved this.

44

‘The continuation of dividend payments during
the challenging macro environment of 2020
and 2021 reflected the financial strength of the
Group, its significant liquidity position and the
longer-term confidence in the performance

of the business. As we advance through 2022
the Board will review recommencing a
progressive dividend.

‘The Boardis recommending the payment of a
2021 final dividend of 23.3p per share (2020:
23.3p per share) tobe paid on 1 July 2022 to
shareholders on the register as at the close of
business on 6 June 2022.

Peter Hill CBE
Chairman

Approved by the Board of Directors and
authorised for issue on 7 March 2022.

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic Report

09

Case study

Cutting carbon on Europe's largest project

Keller is trialling carbon reduction measures
on HS2, the next phase of the UK's
high-speed rail network and Europe's
largest infrastructure project.

Improvements include running static plant
with electricity where possible rather than
diesel, and replacing diesel with hydrotreated
vegetable oil (HVO) in several drilling rigs.
HVO can be used in regular diesel engines
and reduces CO, by a massive 90%.

‘Another carbon saving has come from
‘optimising the design of some of the
foundational elements to reduce the use of
cement, which has a large carbon footprint.
The team reduced the thickness of the
diaphragm wall panels from 1.2m to 1m,
without compromising quality. This also had
the direct benefit of reduced time and cost.

The team has also reduced cement
consumption when grouting rock fissures
ahead of bored pile and diaphragm wall
construction. Instead of using microfine
cement grout to reduce permeability, they
used a cement bentonite grout and only
targeted the largest fissures where leakage
of the bentonite support fluid was a risk. This
meant much less cement was used overall

Where Keller is installing large-diameter bored
piles, the team has found ways to recycle and
reuse waste bentonite, drastically reducing the
amount going to landfill and the associated
carbon emissions of transportation.

Allthe lessons learnt from these trials have
been captured in a carbon reduction guide.
This will be shared with the wider organisation
tohelp drive Keller's net zero carbon strategy.

44

Asalarge-scale, long-term project,
with a sustainability-focused client,
HS2 provides the perfect
opportunity to explore various
carbon-reduction methods.
Sharing the lessons learnt will

help inform our colleagues on
other projects around the world
what is possible.”

David De Sousa Neto
Deputy UK Managing Director

10 Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our market

Strategic Report

Our purpose is to build the
foundations for a sustainable future.

While we are the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor,
we still have potential to grow our market share in our chosen
regions. Our business units are designed to understand their local
markets whilst leveraging the Group's scale and expertise. This
combination delivers the engineered solutions and operational
excellence that drive market leadershi

Astrong position but
plenty of room to grow

1. Global geotechnical
contracting market
€35bn

2. Addressable markets
€22bn

3. Core markets where

we choose to operate

€16bn

4. Keller today
€2bn

Non-addressable markets are mainly China,
North and South Korea, Japan and Russia.

1USD=0,75G8P
Global construction market €8,500bn 2020

Share of addressable market €22bn"

Keller
Soletanche/Bachy/Menard
Bauer (contracting)
Trevilcontracting)

Generalcontracting-owned

Country/regional specific
smaller players

1 Sources: Keller accounts, IHS Global insight, GlobalData and other loca! sources.

Market potential

Variety of projects
and sectors

6,000

projects per year

Our projects are spread across all
construction sectors and vary in scale,
location, end use and geotechnical
technique. Project value is typically
between £25k and €10m, usually short
duration and with an average value

of €375,000. .

Diverse global market

13%

market share in core markets

Operating globally in differing countries
and across the construction sectors,
from residential to infrastructure, gives
us the resilience to trade through
national cyclicalty. The geotechnical
market is estimated’ to be around
£35bn worldwide, which includes China,
Japan, Korea and other regions of the
world where we are not present. Inthe
countries where we choose to operate
our core markets are around €16bn.
We choose to operate in sustainable
markets that appreciate the value of the
products and services Keller provides,
have a consistent material demand for
those services, and an acceptable level
of risk. With an annual turnover of more
than €2bn, we have a 13% share of
those core markets today, and plenty
of opportunity to secure greater
market share.