Keller Group pic
Annual Report and
Accounts 2020

Building the
foundations
fora
sustainable
future

WEDNESDAY

NUN

A23 19/05/2021 #160
COMPANIES HOUSE

Keller Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Contents

Strategicreport

1 Highlights

2 Ataglance

4 Chairman's statement
8 Our market

{0 Suinese mel | Every day, people around the

12 Chief Executive Officer's review

ie Normamerca world live, work and play on
20 ~— Europe. Middle East and Africa (EMEA) .
2 Chertrancl Ofer revew ground prepared by Keller, the

40 {SCandausanabity world's largest geotechnical

Non-financial reporting statement

Governance specialist contractor.

56 — Chairman's introduction
58 — Boardof Directors

60 Executive Committee Used alone or in combination, our techniques solve a wide

62 Board leadership and purpose . .

66 Section 172 statement range of geotechnical challenges across the entire

68 Governance frameworkand division = construction sector. Our projects are typically for a single,

itt 7 eee .

70 Bosrdcomposition, succession local site, perhaps for a building, a basement or a wharf. But .
and evaluation we also have the financial strength, know-how, capacity and

7 Work! a

2 pot Engagement Committee global reach to tackle the largest and most demanding
74 Health, Safety, Environment and Quality projects around the world.

Committee report
76 " Nomination Committee report

78 — Audit Committee report Whatever the size of the project, we have the people,
84 Annual statement from the Chairman i i, i. ili
of the Remuneration Committee expertise, experience and financial stability to respond
87 — Remunerationata glance \ quickly with the optimum solution, execute it safely and see

89 — Remuneration policy report

100 Annual remuneration report a)
111 Directors‘ report

114 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

it through toa successful conclusion.

Financial statements

115 Independent auditor's report to
the members of Keller Group pic

126 Consolidated income statement»

127 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

128 Consolidated balance sheet

129 Consolidated statement of changes
inequity

130 Consolidated cash flow statement

131 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

169 Company balance sheet

170 Company statement of changes
inequity

171 Notes to the company financial
statements

Other information

179 Adjusted performance measures https://investors.keller.com
183 Financial record

184 Ouroffices

184 Secretary and advisors

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 Strategic report

Highlights

minions €2,062.5mM = el.Obn ~~

Revenue Order book
(2019: €2,300.5m) (2019: €1.0bn)
6% 1 1 89%
. €110.1m c41.1m
t
Underlying operating profit Statutory profit after tax
(2019: €103.8m) (2019: €21.7m)
y = £1209m
5 . 4 % £ :
Underlying operating margin Net debt?
(2019: 4.5%) (2019: €213.1m)
( 16 4 D 18% 4 5 C Je) No change
Diluted underlying earnings per share Dividend
(2019:81.3p) a (2019: 35.99)
‘
Financial Underiying Statutory
highlights aero 2019 2020 2019
Operating profit (Em) 110.1 103.8 77.0 74)
Operating margin (%) 5.3 45 37 32
Return on capital employed (%) 16.4 144 115 103
Profit after tax (Em) 68.6 589 411 217
Net debt (£m) 120.9 213.1" 192.5? 289.8

1 Netdebtis ona covenant basis, Reconciliation to statutory numbers is set out in the adjusted performance measures sectionon page 179.
2 Netdebdt ona statutorybasisis set out in the adjusted performance measures section on page 179.

2 Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

At aglance

Atits simplest, we get ground ready to build on, providing
solutions to geotechnical challenges across the entire
construction sector.

1860 c9,000 20+

established employees acquisitions since 2000

Our purpose Our vision

Building the foundations for Tg be the leading provider of

a sustainable future. specialist geotechnical solutions.
Strategy

To be the preferred international geotechnical
specialist contractor focused on sustainable
markets and attractive projects generating
sustained value for our stakeholders. Engineered solutions

Abalanced portfolio

Local businesses will leverage the Group's scale

and expertise to deliver engineered solutions and

operational excellence, driving market share cence orator
leadership in our selected segments.

Our values :

Our values are what we have judged as most
important to how we work with colleagues and
customers across.the globe.

Operational excellence

Expertise and scale

Integrity Collaboration Excellence

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

We have the people, expertise, experience and financial stability

Strategic report 3

to respond quickly and see projects through safely and successfully.

What we do . Our organisation
Using our industry-leading portfolio
of techniques, our engineers can
design the best solutions that reduce . s
-materials, cost and time for our
clients. .
Formore information '
‘Seepage 10
Deep Grouting >
foundations North America Europe AMEA
. (Asia-Pacific, Middle
North-East Central Europe Eastand Africa)
South-East French Speaking Countries
Florida Iberia ASEAN
Mid-West North-East Europe Austral
Central UK Ind
West South-East Europe KellerAustralia
Earth Ground Marine Canada andNordics Middle East and Africa
retention improvement
re informati For more information
Specialty Services Formore|nformation Formorein
Moretrench industrial
Suncoast

For more information
Seepage 18

Instrumentation Post-tension
andmonitoring systems

From 1 January 2021, Keller's Middle East and Franki
Africa businesses were integrated to become our
Middle East and Africa Business Unit, and moved from
EMEA division into APAC division. EMEA was then
renamed Europe division and APAC renamed
Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) division.

21 6,000 £25k to £10m

business units contracts executed typical range

ayear in project value

reporting for 2020is, however, still based on
jous organisation structure and business units.

£350k

average project value

4 Keller Group pic Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Chairman's statement

Overview

The Group delivered a strong performance in
2020, despite the disruption and challenges of
the global pandemic. Whilst the Group's
revenue decreased, driven by the impact of
COVID-19 and the strategic exit of certain
non-core businesses, underlying operating
profit and operating margin increased. The
increase in operating profit was driven by a
strong operating performance in North
America, the benefit of a full year of profitability
in APAC and the initial benefits of the strategic
actions we have taken to become a more
efficient. more focused and higher-quality
business. We have also continued to
strengthen the balance sheet with tight
working capital management and strong free
cash generation which has significantly reduced
_ ournetdebt.

We have continued to make strong progress
with the implementation of our new strategy
‘and, despite the pandemic, the Group has

“The fundamental financial strength of the successful rationalisedits geographic
Group's business model, even in the face of Prine mth thenewstetegy Ourveccunes
ici H R have become increasingly focused on those
the pandemic, is evidenced by quality petereebrenemeleaneeercicne
earnings, strong cash generation and the our skils and expertise. where we can achieve
. : 1. gee o mutual benefits and deliver an appropriate level
continuation of the Group's dividend. of financial return. Allof these outcomes have
been achieved by our resilient. dedicated and
PeterHill CBE hardworking employees around the world. with
Chairman . many going to extraordinary lengths in difficult

circumstances to safely deliver on our
commitments to our customers

Keller celebrated its 160th anniversary in 2020. Johann Keller moved
to Renchen. Germany in November 1860 and founded his business
for well and pump construction. The company expanded to méet the
growing infrastructure needs in the area. going from supplying water
pipes tolocal villages to engineering foundations for new bridges
‘over the Rhine. Many more years of growth. innovation and
engineering excellence have followed. ‘

The fundamental financial strength of the
Group's business model. even in the face of the
pandemic, is evidenced by the continuation of
the Group's progressive dividend policy.
whereby we have increased or maintained
dividends every year since flotation in 1994.

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

In the midst of a global
pandemic, our employees
have shown an exceptional
levelofresilienceand _
commitment. | would like to
thank every single employee
for their commitment, hard
work and determination

in what was a very
challenging year.”

Peter Hill CBE
Chairman

Strategy

Aswell as delivering a strong financial
performance, and despite the impact of
COVID-19, we coritinued to successfully
execute on our new strategy tobe the
preferred international geotechnical specialist
contractor focused on sustainable markets and
attractive projects. generating long-term value
for our stakeholders. Local businesses will
leverage the Group's scale and expertise to
deliver engineered solutions and operational
excellence. driving market share leadership in
our selected segments.

On 1 January 2020 the reorganisation of our
North America division became effective,
integrating all of our foundations businesses in
North America into one unified organisation.
branded as Keller. |am pleased to report we
exceeded our 2020 target for the incremental
revenue benefit from being able to offer all
products and services across North America
We have also generated the anticipated cost
and efficiency savings at the top end of the
guidance range and significantly earlier than
our 2022 target. We are therefore well placed to
realise our longer-term objectives of improved
market share, operational delivery and financial
performance.

InEMEA we executed on our plan to reduce our
geographic presence. withdrawing from South

America and rationalising Franki Africa into the

new combined Middle East and Africa Business
Unit. We also exited certain non-core business

activities including Wannenwetsch in Germany
and Colcrete Eurodrillin the UK.

Case study

Emerging
stronger from
the pandemic

When the COVID-19 pandemic hit, it
impacted all our markets, and situa
changed ona daily, sometimes even
hourly, basis. From the very start, our
values of integrity, collaboration and
‘excellence shaped our approach. Our focus
was first to ensure our people were able to
keep themselves and others safe and well,
whilst also helping us continue to operate
for our customers and preserving the
safety of our business.

‘Our Group HR Director was putin charge of
‘ourresponse. working closely witha
dedicated global crisis team. They met
regularly to putin place appropriate company
protocolsiin|line with World Health
‘Organization guidelines. supplemented by
local guidance relevant to the countriesin
which we operate.

Many of our people quickly adapted to
working fromhome. Thousands of others
went to work on site as normal, always
ensuring the necessary safety measures and
precautions were in place. Thisincluded
social distancing, appropriate personal
protective equipment, anduse of our stop
work authorityif. at any time. someone felt
unsafe or that the controls were not enough.

Strategic report

_ Wherever they could. our teams kept working

for our customers despite the challenges. To
get to site. some drove from Austria to
Frankfurt. flewto Stockholm, then drove to

_Gothenburg-a 27-hour trip. In Australia,

when flights stopped. colleagues hired a
coach for the 26-hour, 1.700km socially
distanced drive from Brisbane back tositein
Melbourne.

We keptupa regular cadence of internal
communication using a variety of channels to
keep our people wellinformed, This included
creation of adedicated COVID-19 resource
page on our intranet; Board, Chief Executive
and Executive Committee emails and videos:
andthe launch of anews app to provide easier
access toinformation.

Recognising the importance of hearing from
our people. especially during challenging
times, we surveyed some 800 employees at
the height of the pandemic. Most agreed that
Keller was managing the COVID-19 pandemic
well, and that they were able to continue with
theirjobs. withlevels of agreement above
90% for most statements

Our strong sense of family in Keller was also
exemplifiedin our response. People checked
inwith colleagues separated from theirloved
ones duringlockdown. in some cases by
country, to see how they couldhelp.

When Singapore's foreign-worker
dormitories were quarantined, we provided
much-needed support to our 80 colleagues
impacted. fromjust keepingin touch to
buying essentialitems, and during Ramadan,
delivering care packages.

India's stay-at-home decree gave people just
fourhours to comply. We provided lodging for
our stranded workers, ensuring they had
access tobasic amenities as wellas essential”
personal protective equipment.

Overall, the response from our people has
been outstanding. Itis their passion,
dedication and commitment to our
customers that has enabled.us to continue to
deliver operationally and emerge from the
pandemican even stronger organisation.

6 Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

i

Chairman's statement continued

During 2020. all the business units in the APAC
division traded profitably throughout the year,
despite COVID-19, reflecting the full-year
performance benefits of the business
restructuring and management reorganisation
that began in late 2018 and completed in 2019.

Our newly formed Middle East and Africa
business has combined with APAC. with effect
from 1 January 2021. to create our Asia-Pacific,
Middle East and Africa (AMEA) division. This
brings together under one management team
all of our businesses in developing geographies
which have similar market characteristics and
customers, with a greater focus onlarge.
contracts, particularly in the resources sector.

Similar to the North America division, the
restructured Europe division is comprised of
larger. more functionally self-sufficient
business units that benefit from their
established market positions in sustainable
markets.

Safety

Thehealth and safety of our employeesis
paramount and this priority was heightened by
the COVID-19 pandemic, The guidance and
support we provided to our employees followed
World Health Organization guidelines,
supplemented by local authority guidance in
the regions in which we operate. as well as our
company-specific protocols. This approach
enabled us to continue to execute work.
wherever the local regulatory regime allowed, in
a safe and productive manner. However. 'm
deeply saddened that as a Group we lost two
employees due to COVID-19 related illness and
our thoughts are with their families.

During the year. Keller's accident frequency
rate continued to trend downwards, reaching
0.12 at 31 December 2020. This is the lowest
level achieved by Keller. and we believe it to be
an industry-leading performance. However, we
recognise that we still have away togoto
eradicate harm from our operations, We also
significantly reduced the number of serious
incidents in the year, but each incident reminds
us that we cannot become at all complacent.
The Board and management hold safety as
paramount and together we continue to push
for further improvement in pursuit of our goal
of zeroharm.

Environmental, Social and
Governance

The Board maintains its commitment to the
highest standards of governance and has taken
steps during the year to consider and
strengthen our approach to align with the UK
Corporate Governance Code. As the Director
responsible for sustainability. lam committed
to better understand and oversee our
contribution to sustainable development and
work collaboratively with our stakeholders to
reduce our impacts. Our corporate purpose,
“building the foundations for a sustainable
future’. is at the heart of everything we do.

We have further integrated into our operations
the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs) that are most relevant to Keller's
core business and therefore where we canhave
the greatestimpact on sustainability.

‘Asa Board we consider the interests of our
wide group of stakeholders in the performance
of our duties. The Workforce Engagement
Committee enteredits second year andis
making great strides in the Keller People
agenda, including the launch of anew Culture
and Employee Engagement programme.

Throughout the pandemic the Board has
continued to balance the interests of all the
Group's stakeholders. At the start of the
pandemic we putin place anumber of
measures across the Group that strengthened
our resilience and minimised both the potential
human and financial impact of the crisis,
including selectively accessing relevant
governmental support schemes across our
major markets and securing an investment
grade €300m facility under the UK
Government's Covid Corporate Financing
Facility (CCFF), Given the resilience of the
business and the probity of management. the
CCFF scheme. as anticipated, was never drawn
upon. The relatively small amount of support
taken by way of the Coronavirus Job Retention
Scheme. representing approximately 0.1% of,
our global employment costs. has been fully
repaid.

Board development

In September 2020 we announced the
appointment of David Burke as Chief Financial
Officer. who joined the Board and Executive
Committee in October. David joined Keller from
J. Murphy & Sons Ltd, a leading international
specialist engineering and construction
‘company, where he had been Chief Financial
Officer since 2016. He has a track record of
driving business performance and change in
the construction and services sectors across
varied cultures and geographies including
Europe. the Middle East. the Americas and Asia

On behalf of the Board. | would like to convey
my immense gratitude for the substantial
contribution that Mark Hooper made during his,
interim appointment as Chief Financial Officer
during a period of significant challenge in our
business. Mark joined Keller in 2019 as Group
Financial Controller and was Group Chief
Financial Officer on an interim basis for 12
months to October 2020. lam delighted at his
appointment as Chief Financial Officer. Europe,
where | wish him every success in supporting
the Group inits strategic endeavour to develop
our focused, high-quality business in the
region.

Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Dividends

Notwithstanding the COVID-19 pandemic. the
Board decided that it would be appropriate to
maintain the 2019 final dividend and declare an
interim dividend for 2020. prudently at the
samelevel as in 2019. The continuation of
dividend payments during 2020 reflected the
financial strength of the Group. its significant
liquidity position and the longer-term
confidence in the performance of the business.

‘The Board continues to recognise the
importance of returns to shareholders. Keller
has consistently increased or maintained its
dividend over the 26 years since first listing on
the London Stock Exchange. The Boardis
recommending the payment of a 2020 final
dividend of 23.3p per share (2019: 23.3p per
share) to be paid on 25 June 2021 to
shareholders on the register’as at the close of
business on 4 June 2021.

Employees

In the midst of a global pandemic, our
‘employees have shown an exceptional level of
resilience and commitment, with many making
huge personal sacrifices. including being away
from their homes and families for extended
lengths of time. to work on our customer
‘projects. | would like to thank every single
‘employee for their commitment, hard work
and determination in what was avery
challenging year,

Our people are key and we continue to build on
our culture where everyone at Keller has equal
access to opportunities. We actively encourage
allof our people to deliver exceptional
performance and realise their full potential.
Improving diversity. equity and inclusion
remains a priority for us with the launch of our
Inclusion Commitment. with Conscious
Leadership workshops held for the Board and
Executive Committee. We piloted five-step
talent management programme tohelp leaders
assess current talent and build capability for
the future.

Prospects

The late cycle nature of our business makes us
naturally cautious about the short-term
economic impact of the global pandemic.
Whilst we are proactively managing the
business accordingly and despite the strong
momentum at the end of 2020. our
expectations for a reduced trading
performance in 2021 are unchanged. With the
considerable work done on rationalising our
businesses and reorganising our divisions to
focus on markets where we see greatest
opportunity and have leading positions, we are
confident that the Group is well positioned to
exploit the recovery from any post-pandemic
recessionary markets. The long-term
fundamentals for Keller continue to be strong
and the Group will benefit from the positive
medium and long-term market trends of
urbanisation and infrastructure growth.

Peter HillCBE
Chairman
9March 2021

Strategic report

Section 172 statement and Code
compliance

The Directors have acted to promote the
success of the company for the benefit of
shareholders, whilst having regard to the
matters listed in section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006 during 2020.

In addition, the Board and the company fully
applied the principles and complied with the
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance
Code.

For more information.
Seepages 57 and 66-67

8 _ Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our market |

Our purpose is to build the foundations for
asustainable future.

While we are the world's largest
geotechnical specialist contractor, we still
have potential to grow our market share

in our chosen regions. Our business units
are designed to understand their local
markets whilst leveraging the Group's scale
and expertise. This combination delivers ‘
engineered solutions and operational
excellence that drive market leadership.

” Astrong position but plenty of room to grow

-40bn

contracting market
€40bn

«20bn “ B.Addressable markets

€20bn

1. Global geotechnical

3. Core markets where
we choose to operate
€15bn

<2bn 4;Ketler today

Share of addressable market €20bn*

7 Keller
7 Soletanche/Bachy/Menard
7 Bauer (contracting)
*  % Trevilcontracting)
7 Generalcontracting-owned
s 7 Country/regional specific.
smaller players

1 Sources: Keller accounts, IHS Global Insight. GlobalData and other local sources.»

Market potential

Diverse
global market

13%

market share

Operating globally in differing
countries andacross the
construction sectors from
residential toinfrastructure gives us
the resilience to trade through
nationalcyclicality. The
geotechnical marketis estimated!
tobe around £40bn worldwide.
which includes China, Japan. Korea
and other regions of the world
where we arenot present. Inthe
countries where we choose to
operate our core markets are
around €15bn. Witha €2bn
operation, we have a 13% share of
those markets today. and plenty of
opportunity to secure greater
market share.

Diverse
customer base

3%

revenue fromlargest customer

We have alarge client spread which
means we'renot overlyreliantona
few customers. We have many
repeat customers and. consistent.
with the prior year, in 2020 our
largest customer represented 3%
of the Group's revenue. We mostly
serve as a subcontractor working
for ageneralcontractor: however.
sometimes we alsocontract
directly with ultimate client
organisations.

” Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Variety of projects
and sectors

c6,000

projects per year

Our projects are spread actos all
construction sectors and vary
inscale. location, enduse and
geotechnical technique. Project
value is typically between £25k and
€10m. usually short duration and
with an average value of £350,000.

Fragmented competition

£20bn

addressable markets °

We have three types of competitor.

‘Type oneis the global geotechnical

contractor (of which there are

three). butnotall are presentin all ’
markets. Type twois general

contracting-owned. Type three
islocalcompetitionwithlow

overheads operating ina small

region. .
Niche sub-sector 5.3%
Keller underlying operating margin

(2019: 4.5%)

Geotechnical specialist contracting
animportant but niche
‘sub-sector that commands higher
margins than general construction.
Typically geotechnical contracting
is around0.5% of theconstruction
market

Strategicreport 9

Our sectors

Share of our 2020 revenue
Infrastructure/public buildings 36%
Power/industrial 22%
Office/commercial 20%
Residential 20%
Marine 2%

Favourable market trends

Despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the long-term
trends in the global construction market remain positive. Our
Group strategy is designed to capitalise on these trends.

Infrastructure renewal

‘As populations grow and
infrastructure ages. there's an
imperative to invest innew and
greater capacity. Geotechnical
solutions are often complex and
sophisticated and large-scale
and cramped metropolitan
environments can present
additional technical challenges.

We have the resources and skills
to deliver to this scale and
complexity, a reputation for delivery
and the proven ability to team up
successfully with our customers
and partners.

Demand for complete solutions

Geotechnical solutions increasingly
require multiple products.

Our broad product portfolio ensures
we can design an effective and
efficient solution while our project
management capabilities mean we
canintegrate other subcontractors
and deliver ‘turnkey’ contracts. This
reduces the number of interfaces
for our customers tomanage and
reduces risk.

Technical complexity
The construction marketis
becoming more digital and sites

are increasingin sophistication and
complexity. We have a strong history
ofinnovation.

We leverage our in-house equipment
manufacturing capacities and
develop market-leading data
acquisition systems to control and
record our processes, and share
information with our customers and
the rest of the supply chain. We can
integrate instrumentation and
monitoring solutions and are
Building Information Modelling
{BIM) capable.

Urbanisation

Ascities expand they require more
sophisticated solutions. Larger. taller
structures need more technically
demanding foundations to withstand
the building loads and provide
resilience against climate change
and acts of nature such as rising
water levels or earthquakes.

We have a comprehensive network
of regional offices located in major
metropolitan areas. This local
presence keeps us close to our
‘customers and the opportunities.

Development land shortage

Thereis a desire to convert more
brownfield and marginal land,
Geotechnical solutions are at the
fore in releasing the development
potential of otherwise sterile or
derelict areas.

Our world-leading geotechnical
engineering team, broad portfolio
and near shore marine capability.
mean we cancope with the most
‘complex challenges when working
‘on brownfield or marginal sites.

10 Keller Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Business model

While the construction process varies from project
to project, we are typically one of the first contractors

onsite.

Our key resources
and relationships

What we need to make our business model work

Our people

Our track record of successful projectsis only possible
because of the passion. commitment and enthusiasm

of the c9,000 people who work for Keller worldwide. With
extensive product knowledge and a deep understanding
of their local markets, customers and ground conditions,
our teams are empowered to make decisions ‘close tothe
ground’ Thisis a significant motivator which enables us to
attract and retain some of the industry's best talent. Once
people choose tojoinus, they generally choose to stay.
many for their entire career.

Our customers
‘Our organisation by business unit ensures we bui