bp appoints Simon Henry as non-executive director BP PLC 07 July 2025 press release 7 July 2025 bp announces non-executive director appointment BP p.l.c. ("bp") today announced the appointment to its board of Simon Henry as a non-executive director with effect from 1 September 2025 . Helge Lund, chair of bp, said: "I am delighted to welcome Simon to bp. The board will benefit from his deep and broad experience of the global upstream and downstream energy industry and his financial and commercial understanding of global markets, together with his extensive and varied board experience." Simon has wide-ranging expertise and experience in global finance, strategy, governance and management, gained across the energy industry internationally. In a career of 35 years with Shell, he held senior finance and management roles internationally and was chief financial officer and a member of the board from 2009 until 2017. Simon is currently a non-executive director of Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited. Rio Tinto announced in February that he will step down from those roles in the second half of 2025. Harbour Energy plc announced earlier today that Simon will step down from its board with immediate effect. Within the past five years, Simon resigned as a director from Lloyds Banking Group plc and PetroChina Ltd, in September 2020 and May 2022 respectively. There are no additional matters that require disclosure under 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules. bp also announced today that Pamela Daley, non-executive director, will step down from the bp board for personal reasons with effect from 7 July 2025. Helge Lund added: "On behalf of the board, I would like to thank Pam for her outstanding service over the past seven years." Further information bp press office, London: bppress@bp.com , +44 (0)7831 095541. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BP (BP.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 16 minutes ago Schroders 1 hour ago Croma Security Solutions Group 1 hour ago Meridian Mining plc 1 hour ago Diageo 2 hours ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and