BETA Close X Serica Energy plc announced that its proposed acquisition of BP's stake in the P111 and P2544 licences has been unsuccessful because a licence partner, NEO NEXT, exercised its pre-emption rights. Despite this disappointment, Serica remains committed to pursuing further M&A opportunities and progressing its organic growth initiatives to diversify its asset portfolio, increase production, and enhance shareholder value. Disclaimer* Serica Energy PLC 10 November 2025 10 November 2025 Serica Energy plc ('Serica' or 'the Company') Update on proposed acquisition of UK North Sea assets from BP Following the announcement on 13 October 2025 that it had signed an agreement to acquire the entirety of BP's stake in the P111 and P2544 licences, Serica (AIM:SQZ) announces that one of the licence partners, NEO NEXT, has decided to take up its rights of pre-emption. Chris Cox, Serica's CEO, stated: " While this outcome is of course disappointing, it was always known to be a possibility. Serica continues to actively pursue further M&A opportunities, as well as progress our attractive organic growth options, with a goal of diversifying the Company's portfolio of assets, increasing production, and creating value for shareholders. " This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. -end- Enquiries: Serica Energy plc +44 (0)20 7487 7300 Martin Copeland (CFO) / Andrew Benbow (Group Investor Relations Manager) Peel Hunt (Nomad & Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Richard Crichton / David McKeown / Emily Bhasin Jefferies (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7029 8000 Sam Barnett / Cameron Jones Vigo Consulting (PR Advisor) +44 (0)20 7390 0230 Patrick d'Ancona serica@vigoconsulting.com NOTES TO EDITORS Serica Energy is a British independent oil and gas exploration and production company with a portfolio of UKCS assets. Serica has a balance of gas and oil production. The Company is responsible for about 5% of the natural gas produced in the UK, a key element in the UK's energy transition. Serica's producing assets are focused around two main hubs: the Bruce, Keith and Rhum fields in the UK Northern North Sea, which it operates, and a mix of operated and non-operated fields tied back to the Triton FPSO. Serica also has operated interests in the producing Columbus (UK Central North Sea) and Orlando (UK Northern North Sea) fields and a non-operated interest in the producing Erskine field in the UK Central North Sea. Serica has a two-pronged strategy for growth comprising investment in its existing portfolio and M&A. Further information on the Company can be found at www.serica-energy.com . The Company's shares are traded on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker SQZ and the Company is a designated foreign issuer on the TSX. To receive Company news releases via email, please subscribe via the Company website. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serica Energy (SQZ) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 2 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 3 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 3 hours ago XP Factory 3 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and