BP Short Positions | BP. Short Positions | Investegate Fundraise Welcome About Contact Us Help Home Companies Advanced search Archive UK Short Positions Meetings UK Newswire New Login Register Search the UK's largest regulatory announcements database --> --> --> Advanced Search Sponsored By Announcements Price Short Positions Fundamentals News --> BP (BP.) Short Positions Add to Alert list Active Short Positions Holder Position Change Date No active short positions Historical Short Positions Holder Position Change (%) Date No historical short positions BP p.l.c. (formerly The British Petroleum Company p.l.c. and BP Amoco p.l.c.) is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. It is one of the oil and gas "supermajors" and one of the world's largest companies measured by revenues and profits. It is a vertically integrated company operating in all areas of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and extraction, refining, distribution and marketing, power generation, and trading. BP's origins date back to the founding of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in 1909, established as a subsidiary of Burmah Oil Company to exploit oil discoveries in Iran. In 1935, it became the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company and in 1954, adopted the name British Petroleum.[4][5] BP acquired majority control of Standard Oil of Ohio in 1978. Formerly majority state-owned, the British government privatised the company in stages between 1979 and 1987. BP merged with Amoco in 1998, becoming BP Amoco p.l.c., and acquired ARCO, Burmah Castrol and Aral AG shortly thereafter. The company's name was shortened to BP p.l.c. in 2001. BP share price launched at 126p in 1988. Note: This description is in part generated by AI and not an endorsement by or the opinion of Investegate UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and