Across The Markets: Supply@Me, Johnson Matthey, BP 2025-02-10 08:59:22 (1 year ago) BP The London-listed energy giant BP saw its share price spike in early trade on Monday after news broke over the weekend that activist investor Elliott has taken a stake in the business. There’s no corporate filing regarding the news yet, but with the stock trading at a discount to its peers, there’s clearly opportunity to be had, with many believing that board level and strategic changes may now follow. The BP share price was up 7% in early trade. Supply@Me Capital A funding update from Supply@Me Capital, the inventory monetisation fintech platform provider, has laid bare the extent of problems it faces in recovering outstanding debts from a client, who is now undergoing a restructuring process. Management believe that they can navigate through this cashflow crunch, but there’s clearly a degree of concern here and the company’s share price has started the session with elevated volatility. It’s currently trading around 30% lower and the market cap is now well under £1m. Johnson Matthey A boardroom update from the chemicals company Johnson Matthey is out today, with news that the chair won’t be standing for re-election in May, but more curiously there looks to be a fairly swift departure happening for the CFO. A designate has been appointed who starts today, whilst the incumbent will remain in place until the end of next month to ensure an orderly transition. The lack of plaudits in the RNS were eye catching but the valuation has at least so far put in a resilient performance, with the Johnson Matthey share price up 0.7% by 9am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Further Contract Win with SpaceX - - Filtronic (FTC) Unaudited Half Year Results - - EnSilica (ENSI) Funding update - - Supply@Me Capital (SYME) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and