Across The Markets: Wizz Air, BP, Wise 2026-04-13 08:44:09 (3 months ago) Related Companies: BP (BP.) , Wizz Air Holdings (WIZZ) , Wise Class A (WISE) Wizz Air With the ceasefire in the Middle East looking increasingly fragile, airline stocks have had a difficult start to the week with low cost operator Wizz Air being one of the biggest fallers in London. The volatility here is potentially exaggerated by the Hungarian election result from the weekend – the airline is based in Budapest – although it’s difficult to see how beyond the usual round of very short term uncertainty associated with an orderly regime change why the airline ought to explicitly underperform. The Wizz Air share price was down 6% in early trade, whilst peers IAG and easyJet were 3% and 4% lower respectively. BP It’s been a quiet morning for corporate news releases so keeping with the geopolitical theme, shares in BP found themselves leading the FTSE-100 blue chip index. Clearly the US threat to now blockade the Straits of Hormuz that it had been lobbying to open does little for the availability of petrochemicals globally and that’s pushing up oil prices once again. US Crude jumped around 6% over the weekend and that’s going to support the wider sector, at least in the short term. The BP share price was up as much as 3% shortly after the open. Wise The currency management company Wise issued a Q4 update today , noting that volumes were 27% higher whilst customer numbers added 22%. Management continue to expect full year pre-tax profits to come in at the upper end of the previously forecast 13%-16% range. The plan to move the company’s primary listing to the US also remains on track and the Wise share price was up almost 6% by 8.40am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Appointment of Chief Executive Officer - - Vistry Group (VTY) Q4 FY2026 Trading Update - - Wise Class A (WISE) Farm down of Namibian portfolio to BP - - Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 2 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 3 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 3 hours ago XP Factory 3 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and