Perforqning
while
transforfning

*AB2PULTF*

COMPANIES HOUSE

\

About bp

Perforfning while
twansforfuing

By delivering the
energy the world
needs today...

... and executing our
strategy to become
an integrated energy
company.

As we transform bp, we remain committed to delivering
for our customers, partners, suppliers, employees,
society and investors. And the cities and countries

we work with.

We are focused on performing while transforming to:
¢ Grow value and returns.
* Deliver compelling distributions.

e Invest in the energy transition and
drive down emissions.

In 2021 we made strong strategic progress in our
transformation to an integrated energy company:

Focusing and high-grading our

hydrocarbons business.

Growing our convenience and mobility businesses.
¢ Building with discipline a low carbon

energy business.

Our strategy

Resilient
hedrecarbons

Corwepience
and mobility

Sustainablog

Integration

© More information
Progress against our strategy, page 16
Sustainability, page 51
Integration, page 14

We deliver energy products and services
to our customers around the world, and
we plan to do so increasingly in ways that
we believe will help drive the transition

to a lower carbon future.

We have operations in Europe, North and
South America, Australasia, Asia and Africa.

Our quick read

provides a concise summary of the annual
report, highlighting strategy. performance
‘and sustainability information,

© bp.com/annualreport

Our reporting centre

brings together our key reports, including
‘our sustainability report, Net zero ambition
report and the bp energy outlook.

© bp.com/reportingcentre

Glossary
Words and terms marked with *
ae defined in the glossary

© See page 377

Task Force on Climate-Related

inancial Disclosures (TCFD)
Information that supports TCFD
Recommendations and Recommended
Disclosures in relation to Metrics & Targets
is indicated with @.

Strategic report
Strategic report
2021 ata glance 2
Chair's letter 4
Chief executive officer's letter 6
Global context 8
Energy outlook 10
‘Our strategy and business model 2
Progress against our strategy: our strategic
focus areas 6
Our financial frame and investor proposition 20
Key performance indicators 24
Consistency with the Paris goals 30
Ourinvestment process 32
Group performance 37
Gas & low carbon energy a
Oilproduction & operations “a
Customers & products 46
Rosneft 48
Other businesses & corporate 50
Sustainability 31
Climate-retated financial disclosures (TCFD) 55
How we manage risk B
Risk factors 76
Compliance information 80
Section 172 statement 80
Corporate governance
Introduction from the chair 82
Board of directors 84
Teadership tear a8
Board activities and governance framework 30
How the board has engaged with shareholders,
the workforce and other stakeholders 93
Decision-making by the board 7
‘Learning, development and induction 100
Board evaluation 102
People and governance committee 104
‘Audit committee 107
Safety and sustainability committee 14
Directors’ remuneration report 16
Remuneration committee 116
Directors’ statements, 142
Financial statements
Consolidated financial statements of the bp group 145
Notes on the financial statements 178
Supplementary information on oil
‘and natural gas (unaudited) 254
Parent company financial staternents of BPpiic. 282
‘Additional disclosures 337
Shareholder information 367
Glossary 37
Non-GAAP measures reconciliations, 386
Signatures 389
Cross-reference to Form 20-F 390
Information about this report 391
Exhibits 391
bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021, 1

2021 at a glance

In numbers
Asat31 December 2021

Our scale : Our strategy : Our performance
65,900 2,150 7bbn
employees strategic convenience sites * profit for the year attributable
(2020 63,600) (2020 1,900) to bp shareholders

(2020 loss $(20.3)bn)
>65 44GW $12. Sbn
countries of operation leveloped renewables to FID* underlying replacement cost (RC) profit *
(2020 >70) (2020 3.3GW) (2020 loss $(5.7)bn)

22

$6.82/b0e AK

million barrels of oil equivalent per day -
upstream* production excluding Rosneft
(2020 2.4mmboe/d)

20,500

retail sites*
(2020 20,300)

13,100

electric vehicle charge points*
(2020 10,100)

2 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021

ipstream unit cost production*
(2020 $6.39/boe)

1p-operated hydrocarbon plant availability *
2020 94.0%)

t Te)

48%

Safety and sustainability

p-operated refining availability *
(2020 96.0%)
oO

62

ier 1 and 2 process safety events*
(2020 70)

16

fey
@ Strategic metric, see page 16

n tonnes of CO; equivalent -sustainable | ©) Key performance indicator, see page 24

reenhouse gas emissions reductions*
: (2020 1.0/MtCO,e)

© Group performance, page 37

Financial reporting segments

Strategic report

Our new financial reporting model came into place on 1 January 2021. This is our first

year reporting under this segmental structure?.

Gas & low carbon energy”

‘Comprises our gas and low carbon businesses.
‘Our gas business includes regions with upstream
activities that predominantly produce natural gas,
integrated gas and power, and gas and power
trading. Our low carbon business includes solar,
offshore and onshore wind, hydrogen and CCS
and our share in bp Bunge Bioenergia.

$2.dbn $7.5in

Oil production & operations?

Comprises regions with upstream
activities that predominantly produce
crude oil, including bpx energy.

Customers & products

Comprises customer-focused businesses,
spanning convenience and mobility, which
includes convenience and retail fuels, EV
charging, as well as Castrol, aviation and
B2B and midstream. It also includes our oil
products businesses, refining & trading,

$2.2bn $3.3bn

RC profit before Underlying

interest and tax RC profit before

(2020 loss ${(7.1)bn) interest and tax*
(2020 $0.7bn)

C5) See page 41

Rasneft

Includes equity-accounted earnings from our
investment in Rosneft.

Asa result of bp's nominated directors stepping
down from the Rosneft board, bp has determined
that as of 27 February 2022, the group no longer
has significant influence over Rosneft taking into
account the criteria set out in |AS 28 Investments in
associates* and joint ventures*, bp will therefore
‘no longer equity account for its interest in Rosneft
as of that date, treating the investment
prospectively as a financial asset measured at fair
value within ‘other investments’ until the
shareholding is derecognized.

The discontinuation of equity accounting combined
with the market impact on Russian assets that has
arisen following the military action in Ukraine will
have a material effect on the group's first quarter
2022 interim financial statements including on the
carrying amount of bp's investment in Rosneft,
which at 31 December 2021 stood at approximately
$14 billion. In addition, foreign exchange losses and
other cumulative charges to other comprehensive
income will be taken to the income statement. At
31 December 2021, these amounts stood at
approximately $11 billion.

* See glossary on page 377

RC profit before
interest and tax
(2020 loss $(14.6)bn)

RC profit before
interest and tax*
(2020 loss $(5.9}bn)

© See page 44

‘The change in accounting treatment also means that
bp will no longer recognize a share in Rosneft's net
income, production and reserves from 27 February
2022. For the period from 1 January 2022 to

27 February 2022, any net income from Rosneft will
be classified as an adjusting item. The group will
‘cease to report Rosneft as a separate segment in
the group's financial reporting for 2022.

RC profit before
interest and tax
(2020 loss $(0.1)bn)

RC profit before
interest and tax*

© See page 48

RC profit before Underlying

interest and tax RC profit before

(2020 $3.4bn) interest and tax*
(2020 $3.1bn)

© See page 46

Other businesses & corporate
Comprises innovation & engineering, bp ventures,
Launchpad, regions, cities & solutions; and our
corporate activities and functions.

$2.8)n ——$L-A)in

RC loss before Underlying

interest and tax RC loss before

(2020 loss $(0.6)bn) interest and tax
(2020 loss $(0.9)bn)

© See page 50

© Fora description of our organizational
model see page 12

‘2 At31 December 2020, the group's reportable
‘Segments were Upstream, Downstream and Rosneft.
From the first quarter of 2021, the group's reportable
‘segments were gas & low carbon energy, oil production
‘& operations, customers & products and Rosneft,
Comparative information for 2020 has been rest
reflect the changes in reportable segments.

'b The AGT and Middle East regions have been funher
subdivided by asset to allow reporting in either gas &low
carbon energy oF ol production & operations as appropriate

1dt0

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021 3

Chair's letter

Pro rossing
wit purpose

“

Throughout the transition,

our goal will be to maintain

the high performance and steady
progress we have shown since
our transformation journey began
in 2020. 4f

Helge Lund
Chair

4S

annual dividend yield* ordinary share
(2020 7.9%)

£4. 3bn

total dividends distributed to bp shareholders
(2020 $6.4bn)

$4.I15bn

buybacks announced from 2021
surplus cash flow*

4 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021

Dear fellow shareholders,

In uncertain times, one of bp’s primary roles is
to maintain the safe, secure supply of the energy
on which societies depend. The importance

of that role has rarely been clearer than in

recent weeks ~a period marked by worldwide
energy shortages, record prices and volatility
The causes are complex, but they include

the disruptive legacy of the pandemic and
Russia's act of aggression against Ukraine.

At the same time as maintaining secure
supplies, bp must pursue its emissions targets
and aims, while continuing to increase its
supply of energy from low carbon sources.

I believe bp's strategy gets the balance right.
But recent events have demonstrated why,
alongside pursuing its strategy, bp must have
the agility necessary to make adjustments.
Following Russia's attack on Ukraine, the bp
board undertook a thorough review of bp’s
involvement with Rosneft in Russia. After
careful consideration, the board concluded
that bp’s continuing involvement would be
inconsistent with our business and strategy.
‘As we said at the time, the board believes
that these decisions are in the best long-
term interests of all our shareholders.

Importantly, our decision to end bp's
involvement with Rosneft in Russia did

‘not mean that any changes to our strategy,
financial frame or shareholder distributions
guidance were required. We remain confident
that the impact of this decision can be
accommodated within the plans we have laid
‘out and retined over thé past Two years.

Meanwhile, global action on climate remains
vitally important. Despite progress at last

year's COP26 in Glasgow, the world remains
‘onan unsustainable path and has yet to move
decisively towards a net zero society. Doing

so will require building a global energy system
capable of delivering affordable, secure and
increasingly clean energy, and with energy
demand and supply moving in tandem. Building
such a system will require collaboration, within
the right policy framework, between business,
government, academia and civil society.

Achieving all of that will be complex. But

that complexity is precisely why purposeful
companies need to get involved. Climate
change can be addressed more forcefully if
the world is able to draw upon high-performing
businesses’ capacity to innovate, allocate
capital, scale technology and drive efficiency.

Strategic progress - performing

while transforming

As we have said before, the energy transition will
be a multi-decade process. It is unlikely always
to proceed smoothly and may involve periods

of turbulence for reasons that are outside of

bp's control. But throughout the transition, our
goal will be to maintain the high performance
and steady progress we have shown since

our transformation journey began in 2020.

Indeed, in 2021 that progress allowed the
company to further reduce debt, increase its
dividend, and begin share buybacks - all in
accordance with a considered financial frame.
Most important of all is that safety performance
improves, and bp's safety record is showing
improvements. We continue the constant
pursuit of our goal of no accidents, no harm

to people, no damage to the environment.

Confidence in bp’s team

Every one of bp’s people deserves'credit for
the achievements of 2021, especially given the
disruption imposed by the pandemic. On behalf
of the board, | offer them all my sincere thanks.

The confidence I have in bp's people extends
fully to its leadership. For what is still a relatively
new team, it has achieved a lot - steadily
leading bp through a period of volatility and
change. | particularly thank Bernard for his
‘commitment to bp and for his leadership.

Adjusted aims

Confident in bp's strategy, performance and
people, the board concluded in February 2022
that bp should accelerate its net zero ambition.
| hope that these changes - set out in detail on
page 51 - demonstrate that in a fast-moving,
‘complex environment, bp is evolving in a
responsive, dynamic way. And! am pleased
that bp intends to provide shareholders

with the opportunity of an advisory vote on

its net zero ambition at its 2022 AGM.

Purposeful engagement

Even ahead of that opportunity, we are pleased
that shareholders increasingly express their
support for the transition that bp is making

~ recognizing that the company is able to

meet both the risks and the opportunities

that the energy transition presents.

In fact, the board's engagement across all of
bp’s stakeholders is deeper and more extensive
than ever before, whether through drop-in
sessions with bp teams, consultation with
governments, or meetings with shareholders.

See glossary on page 377

During these conversations, we often hear
suggestions for how we can improve. | am
always grateful for those suggestions; after
all, bp began this transformation journey
after listening to friends and critics who told
us that bp needed to change. I am glad we
listened. We will continue to do so as your
constructive criticism makes bp better.

My thanks

In our complex world, bp’s guiding light remains
its purpose - reimagining energy for people and
our planet. To succeed, we must continue to win
and grow the trust of our stakeholders, including
‘our shareholders.

| am deeply grateful to everyone who has stood
by bp - and equally grateful to the many new
shareholders who have joined us on the journey.
The past two years have shown that it won't
always be easy, but | am confident that,

with your support, bp will continue

performing while transforming

The energy transition has already

given bp a huge opportunity.

Now, we are on our way.

Thank you for your support.

Helge Lund
Chair
18 March 2022

Strategic report

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021 5

Chief executive officer's letter

transforqning

“

bp's finances are strong and
resilient. We are making
substantial progress on our
strategy to pivot from an
international oil company to an
integrated energy company. §f

Bernard Looney
Chief executive officer

$7.6bn

profit attributable to bp shareholders
(2020 loss $(20.3)bn)

: 2020:

Direction)

We set out a new direction:
a new purpose, ambition,
strategy, financial frame,
sustainability frame, and

a new leadership team.

2021: ? 2022 and beyond:

Change Ni

This year was about ‘And now it's about delivery.
change and the largest The safe, efficient and
restructuring in our disciplined delivery of the
history - so that we are plans we have laid out.

! organized to deliver.

Parforpring while transforfning —

6 ‘bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021

Dear shareholders,

‘The desperate situation in Ukraine is dominating
‘our thoughts at bp as | write to you. Our hearts
go out to everyone affected, especially the
people of Ukraine and in the wider region.

‘As Helge sets out in his letter, we already
announced we will exit our involvement with
Rosneft in Russia. Our ongoing priority continues
to be our employees and their families in

Russia. Additionally we are supporting the
humanitarian efforts in the region — for example,
leveraging our businesses in neighbouring
countries, leveraging our global employees’
desire to help, as well as donations to charities.

Like Helge, | am absolutely convinced that
the decisions we have taken are in the best
long-term interests of shareholders - and
consistent with who we are as a company.

Strengthening and improving
Against that backdrop — bp’s finances are
strong and resilient. We are meking substantial
Progress on our strategy to pivot from an
international oil company to an integrated
energy company. To repeat words that you
may have heard me use before, we are
performing while transforming - delivering for
you today while preparing bp for tomorrow.

The bedrock, as always, has been safe and
reliable operations, day-in, day-out. Overall,

we saw improvements in safety during 2021
across several areas. Tragically though, we lost
a colleague in a fatal accident at our Castellon
refinery in Spain, and a cyclist in the UK died in
an accident with one of our contractors’ road
tankers. We will remain constantly focused on
eliminating accidents, particularly those that take
or change lives — nothing is more important.

With this foundation we are building a track
record of delivery. We met our target of

$2.5 billion of cash cost savings (compared
with 2019), reduced our net debt** by over

$8 billion, and grew returns (ROACE)** to
13.3%. Our operating cash flow for the year
was $23.6 billion and our underlying RC profit *
was $12.8 billion.

This performance enabled the board, in line with
our disciplined financial frame, to make a number
of decisions in relation to distributions. First, an
increase of 4% to the dividend in the second
quarter. Second, to return $4.15 billion to you
through share buybacks from 2021 surplus cash
flow, And third, an expectation that we can
deliver buybacks of around $4 billion a year and
will have the capacity to increase the dividend per
ordinary share by 4% each year through to 2025

— based on our current forecasts at an oil price of
around $60 and subject to the board’s discretion.

Progressing our strategy

| want to pay tribute to the bp team, not just for
the strong performance delivered in 2021, but
also the strong progress they have achieved
across each of the three pillars of our strategy:
resilient hydrocarbons, convenience and mobility,
and low carbon energy.

+ Resilient hydrocarbons - we started up seven
mejor projects* in the year. These are part of
a programme of 35 projects initiated in 2016,
‘completed on schedule and, on average,
around 15% under budget. We will continue
to high-grade our portfolio with four more
start-ups planned in 2022.

* Convenience and mobility - we have grown
margin share from convenience and
electrification from 25% to 29% since 2019°
~ demonstrating the strength of our customer
offers; and we increased the number of EV
charge points* to over 13,000, installing 115
charging points a week at the end of 2021.
We now aim to grow our EV charge points to
more than 100,000 globally by 2030, up from
‘our previous aim of 70,000.

* Low carbon energy - our renewables
pipeline* quadrupled to over 23GW since the
start of 2020, and now includes three offshore
wind projects in two of the world’s best
regions. We have also built a portfolio of
‘options in hydrogen

You will find more information on our strategic
progress throughout this report, including how
‘ur trading and shipping and regions, cities and
solutions teams are helping to knit together
integrated energy solutions for our customers.

Integration in action

Nowhere better illustrates the potential of an
integrated energy company than our home
market of the UK, where in the next few years
we anticipate spending £2 for every £1 of profit
we make. We plan to continue to invest in the
North Sea, to produce much-needed oil and gas
while lowering emissions through efficiencies,
working to eliminate routine flaring and
electrification of our operations. We're building a
new renewables business with large-scale
offshore wind projects in the Irish Sea and off the
coast of Scotland. As these businesses grow,
they can not only power millions of homes but
also our growing network of electric vehicle
chargers — an increasingly important part of our
retail network, where customers come to fuel
their vehicles as well as enjoy the growing
number of M&S convenience stores on

our forecourts.

‘2. Nearest equivalent GAAP measure is finance debt. See Financial statement ~ Note 26 for more information.
b_ Nearest equivalent GAAP measures of the numerator and denominator are profit or loss for the year attributable to bp shareholders ($7.6 billion) and total equity ($90.4 billion) respectively.
© Nearest equivalent GAAP measures of the numerator and denominator are replacement cost profit before interest and tax forthe customers & products segment. A reconciliation to GAAP information

is provided on page 354.

+ See glossary on page 377

Strategic report

And looking further ahead, we are leading the
industrial regeneration of the north-east of
England. Here we have plans for a gas-fired
power station connected with a carbon capture
and storage system, which will safely lock away
the vast majority of the CO, emissions. And at
the same time - we are laying the foundations for
a world-class hydrogen sector for the UK.

Opportunity and resilience

Given the inherent uncertainties in a decades-
long energy transition, we developed bp's
strategy for both responsiveness and resilience
~ responsiveness to opportunities and resilience
to volatility.

In terms of opportunity - we see great potential
for our company in five transition growth engines
— bioenergy, convenience, electric vehicle
charging, renewables and hydrogen. In each of
these areas, our skills, networks, assets and
brand give us real competitive advantage. There
are alin growth sectors where the potential for
returns is strong.

In terms of uncertainty, our strategy is designed
to accommodate a range of scenarios for the
energy transition. This also gives us confidence
that itis resilient to the heightened volatility

in energy markets arising from the conflict

in Ukraine. Exiting from bp's shareholding in
Rosneft will result in some material non-cash
charges in our financial results for the first
quarter of 2022. Importantly, this does not mean
any changes to our strategy or our financial
frame, as detailed elsewhere in this report.

In 2020 we set a new direction for the company,
with our new purpose, ambition and strategy.
That is now done. In 2021 we reorganized the
‘company from top to bottom through the most
wide-ranging restructuring in bp's history. That
is also done. We are now focused on one thing
and one thing only - the safe delivery of our
strategy. Delivering for you, our shareholders,
today. Delivering the energy the world needs,
today. All while transforming bp for tomorrow.

Thank you for your continued support for
and belief in bp - especially through these
unprecedented times of challenge and change.

Bernard Looney
Chief executive officer
18 March 2022

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021 7

Energy markets

Global context

Energy markets are fundamentally shifting towards low carbon. This is creating challenges
and opportunities for our industry and influencing the way we operate. We monitor global
trends closely, exploring and tracking the changes shaping our future.

Macroeconomic outlook
March 2022

The energy markets are being impacted by
the military action in Ukraine, which is adding
significant upside pressure to prices. There
remains, at this point in time, uncertainty, but
price volatility is likely. On the macroeconomic
side this is likely to have significant

economic and financial consequences

for the region and potentially globally.

60%

year-on-year increase in global
consumption in 2021

4K

estimated increase in global gas
demand in 2021"

8 ‘bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021

Global economy

After a contraction of 3.5% in 2020, global
teal GDP has rebounded and reached its
pre-pandemic peak (of the fourth quarter
of 2019) in the second quarter of 2021

The global economy grew by an estimated
5.9% in 2021, its strongest post-recession pace
in 80 years. However, the recovery was uneven
amid unequal COVID-19 vaccine access and
differences in policy support across the globe.

Growth in developed economies was 5.0% in
2021, driven by a strong recovery in the US, and
GDP in emerging markets grew by 6.5%, driven
by China.

Oil

The oil market continued its rebalancing process
in 2021. Oil demand rebounded with global

oil consumption’ increasing by 5.5mmb/d
t0.96.4mmb/d for the year (+6.0%) on the

back of the economic recovery, supported

by the increasing vaccination roll-out and
gradual lifting of public health measures.

On the supply side, continued active supply
management by OPEC+ countries also helped
accelerate the rebalancing process, with global
oil production® increasing by 1.5mmb/d to
95.3mmb/.

Dated Brent* prices averaged $70.91/bb! in
2021 - a 69% increase from 2020 levels®.

Prices rose consistently during 2021, reaching
a peak of $86/bbI in late October on the back

of a positive macroeconomic outlook, which
supported a strong rebound in oil demand. Other
factors such as supply disruptions and OPEC+
supply restraint added further upside pressure
on prices.

Urals prices in north-west Europe (Rotterdam)
averaged $68.65/bbI in 2021, up from
$41.71/bb in 2020°,

Natural gas
The global economic recovery supported
natural gas demend in 2021, and prices in all
three key gas regions rebounded strongly.
Aseries of compounding factors helped to
push prices up, with record, unprecedented
pricing levels seen in many regions.

Henry Hub prices increased to $3,9/
mmBtu in 2021 from $2/mmBtu in 2020'.

US LNG exports increased, driving demand for
feedgas into LNG. Capital discipline constraints
restrained gas production growth, and coal
retirements limited gas-to-coal switching in

the power sector, together reducing the gas
market's flexibility to respond to higher prices.

The UK National Balancing Point * hub
price also rose significantly from 25 pence

per therm ($3.2/mmBtu) in 2020, up to 116
pence per therm ($15.8/mmBtu) in 20218, due
to exceptionally tight market conditions. An
extended heating season in the first half of the
year drove storage stocks well below historical
average levels. Through the summer, strong
competition for LNG supply as well as constraints
from Russian pipeline gas supplies tightened
the market and prevented stocks from being
replenished. Thus, the winter heating season
started with stocks at historical lows and prices
increased to record levels to reflect significant
market risk. Elevated coal and carbon prices
further supported European gas prices in 2021

Asian LNG spot prices increased from $4.39/
mmBtu in 2020 to $18.6/mmBtu in 2021

amid a very tight LNG market, with prices
rising to $56/mmBtu at their highest point”.
China was the principal driver of LNG demand
growth, as the country overtook Japan as

the world's largest LNG importer. Strong

LNG demand in South America, multiple

LNG supply outages, and tight LNG shipping
market conditions at times, compounded the
market's tightness to drive higher prices.

Refining marker margin
We track the refining margin environment
using @ global refining marker margin (RMMY.

Refining margins showed a gradual
recovery towards pre-COVID historical levels
averaging $13.2/bbl in 2021, significantly
above the 2020 level ($6.8/bbl), but still
below the 2015-19 average ($14.1/bbI).

Higher US margins are a result of strong
demand rebound and higher renewable
identification number (RIN) prices, which
have more than doubled since last year.

RINs represent environmental compliance
costs and have increased due to a delay in

the US EPA proposing the 2021 renewable
volume obligation (RVO), together with various
other market-and regulatory-related reasons.

Power and renewables

Increasing commodity prices and shipping
rates, driven by the return to pre-COVID
‘economic growth and supply chain constraints,
meant an increase in the capital cost for

wind and solar projects in 2021, halting

a multi-year trend of cost reduction,

In Europe, high natural gas prices caused
electricity prices to reach record highs, leading
to societal and political pressure in some
countries for a reform of electricity pricing to
ensure the affordability of the energy transition.

IEA Gas Market Report Qi 2022.
IMF World Economic Outlook, January 2022 update,
IEA Oil Market Report, January 2022.

Refintiv Data Service (Dated Brent spot price)
Refintiv Data Service (Urals CIF Rotterdam)
Refintiv Data Service (Henry Hub cash price).

Refintiv Data Service (JMK spot price).

+ See glossary on page 377

Refintiv Data Service (National Balancing Point Day Ahead price)

Hydrogen and carbon capture
and storage (CCS)

Global momentum behind hydrogens role

in decarbonizing hard-to-abate sectors is
accelerating, notably in industry and heavy
transport. Several more countries have now
published hydrogen strategies and, increasingly,
this is being followed by announcements of
policy support.

The pipeline of announced projects has
continued to scale rapidly, with cumulative clean
hydrogen production capacity in 2030 projected
to be 11Mtpa, with over $100 billion of direct
investmentt. Despite this surge, however, there
remains a significant shortfall versus projected
demand in many Paris-consistent scenarios.

Momentum is also growing for CCS, in part
driven by governments providing additional
incentives, Interest in CCS has been bolstered
by the need to abate process emissions

from heavy industries such as cement

and steel manufacture, together with a
growing recognition of the need for negative
emissions to meet Paris climate goals.

Strategic report

Continuing impact of COVID-19

At the time of writing, the world is still
experiencing the effects of COVID-19. We
continue to take steps to protect and support
our employees through the pandemic.

We are taking precautions in our operations
and offices and providing enhanced
support and guidance to employees, with

a focus on safety, health and hygiene,
homeworking and mental health

We continue to take decisions on. working
practices and return to office-based working
with caution and in compliance with local
and national guidelines and regulations.

The RMM may not be representative ofthe margin achieved by bp in any period because of b's
particular refinery configurations and crude and product slates. In addition, the FMM does not
include estimates of energy or other variable costs.

|. This numbers updated from 6.7/ob as stated inthe 2020 Annual Report and Form 20-F to
rellect the 2021 MM, which has been updated to reflect changes in bp's portfolio, and the
Lpdote of crude reference for the Mediterranean region.

Hydrogen Council

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021 9

Energy markets continued

Energy outlook

The bp Energy Outlook 2022 considers scenarios that explore possible pathways the energy transition

may take out to 2050°.

The uncertainty associated with the energy transition is substantial, and these scenarios are not predictions of what is likely to happen or what bp would
like to see happen. Rather they explore the possible implications of different judgements and assumptions concerning the nature of the energy transition.

Three scenarios to explore the energy transition to 2050

Carbon emissions Gt of COze*

40

35

25

20

18

10

2000 2005 2010 2015 2019-2028 = 20302035

— History

Global energy demand across the scenarios

Although the three eneray outlook scenarios differ in many respects,
some trends are common across them and across the wide range of
other analyses and information we refer to, such as the International
Energy Agency (IEA)'s World Energy Outlook and S&P Global's Energy
and Climate Scenarios:

* Global energy demand continues to grow, at least for a period, driven
by increasing prosperity and living standards in the emerging world.

‘* The share of fossil fuels in global primary energy falls from around
80% in 2019 to between 60% and 20% by 2050 in the three
scenarios.

* The rapid growth in renewables is supported by the increasing role of
electricity in total final energy consumption in the three scenarios.

@ bp.com/energyoutlook

New Momentum --o-+

This new scenario is the result of work carried
out inside bp to review the pace of the energy
transition, It acknowledges that the level of
ambition from government and corporates has
increased since the bp Energy Outlook 2020;
however itis constrained by the slow pace of
transition in some sectors. This scenario is not
considered to be consistent with Paris and
results in a reduction in global energy
emissions of only 20% by 2050 versus 2019.

Net Zero --o--

In which global energy systems emissions
fall by 95% by 2050 versus 2019, in line with
a 1.5°C pathway. Changes in societal actions
and behaviours are a key driver in this
scenario.

Accelerated -o-

One of many possible scenarios that can be
considered consistent with Paris, in fine with
a well-below 2°C pathway®. In this scenario
emissions from energy use and most
industrial processes fall by around 75% by
2050 versus 2019, with a fall of approximately
90% in the developed world and around 65%
in the emerging world,

2 The scenarios included in the bp Energy Outlook 2022 were prepared before the outbreak of the military action in Ukreine and do not include any analysis ofits possible implications for economic

‘growth and global energy markets.
'b_ For more information on Paris-consistent pathways, see page 30,

© Carbon emissions include CO, emissions from energy use, industrial processes, natural gas flaring and methane emissions from energy production.

10 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021