BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2019

ITINTMIT

2105/2
COMPANT NES H HOUSE

THURSDAY

Our purpose

is reimagining
energy tor people
and our planet.

We want to help the world
reach net zero and improve
people’s lives.

We will aim to dramatically reduce carbon in
our operations and production and grow new
products and services

low carbon businesses,

We will advocate for fundamental and rapid
progress towards Paris and strive to be
a leader in transparency.

We know we don't have ali the answers
and will listen to and work with others.

We want to be an energy company with
purpose; one that is trusted by society,
valued by shareholders and motivating
for everyone who works at BP.

We believe we have the expericnce and
expertise, the relationships and the reach
the skill and the will, to do this.

Navigating our reports

Our fast read
provides a concise summary of the annual
report, highlighting strategy, performance and
sustainability information

BB bp com/annvatrport

Strategic report

Chairman's fetter 2
Chie! executive officer's letter 4
ur ambition for the energy transition 6
Ata glance 8
Global context 10
Our business moael 14
Our strategy 16
Sur investment process 19
Sur strategy in action 24
Measuring our progress 32
Group performance 36
Sustamabiiny 39
Upstream 50
Downstream 36
Rosnett a
Other businesses and corporate 63
Alternate Eneroy 63
Section 172 statement 66
How we manage risk 68
Risk factors 70
Corporate governance
Board of directors “
Executive team 7a
The leadership toam 80
nteduction trom the chawr 82
Board activities in 2019 84
How the board has engaged with shareholders, 88
the workforce and other stakeholders
Nomination and governance committee 30
Audit committee ED
Satety, environment and secunty 36
assurance committee
Geopolitical committee 98
Chaurman’s committee 39
Directors’ remuneration report 100
Remuneration commities 101
Duectors’ statements 128

Our reporting centre

brings together all our key reports, including our

sustamability report, as well as other reports on how

we see the energy market evolving in the future.

BB be comfeportingcente

Financial statements

Consolidated financial statements 131
of the BP group

Notes on the financial statements 157
Supplementary »nformation on 232
‘oll and natural gas (unaudited)

Parent company financial statements 260
of BPplc.

Additional disclosures 297
Shareholder information 327
Glossary 337
Non-GAAP measures 344
reconciliations

Signatures 347
Cross-reference to Form 20-F 348
Information about this report 349
Exhibits 349

Glossary

Like any industry, ours has its own unique language.

For that reason, words and terms marked with *
are detined in the glossary on page 337

BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2019

Chairman's
letter

a

We enter a new
decade with a new
company purpose:
to reimagine energy
for people and

our planet.”

Dear fellow shareholders,

As | write, the world is facing an
unprecedented set of challenges. The
coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) is
spreading rapidly, with tragic consequences
for many people across many geographies.
Global efforts to stop the virus are also
having significant economic consequences.
And in an oil market where demand has
fallen, supply has sharply increased

Though unprecedented, a global energy
company like BP should be prepared for
such challenges.

BP is indeed prepared. Our global
operating structure and Jong time-
horizans are intended to mitigate the
effect of near-term shocks. That is how
BP has approached shocks and volatility
in its 110-year history, and that is how
we will approach this storm too. In
particular, the past decade has given
BP unique experience in successfully
handling crises - and we enter this one
even better prepared

But in this world of change, BP itself is also
changing, We enter a new decade with a
new company purpose: to reimagine
energy for people and our planet. We have
also set a new ambition: to become a net
zero company by 2050 or sooner, and to
help the world get to net zero. And to lead
and deliver on both we have a new chief
executive officer, Bernard Looney, who.
took on the role on 5 February 2020.

Evolving for an uncertain world

This is a new direction for BP, and itis only
possible because of the foundation laid by
Bob Dudley. Bob served as BP's group
chief executive with distinction for almost
a decade, and he and his team deserve
our considerable thanks for guiding BP to
a position of operational and financial
strength and deepened resilience.

At these times, BP’s 110-year history of
navigating uncertainty is also reassuring
Your company has anticipated and
responded to change many times over.
Indeed, throughout 2019 your board has

focused on evolving BP's strategy and
portfolio to address the challenges of
tomorrow. This focus has included
ensuring the smooth transition in
leadership from Bob to Bernard, followed
by regular engagement by the board with
Bernard and his new leadership team to
develop BP's purpose and net zero
ambition. This is a process which has
been supported by our dialogue with
investors, governments, employees

and other key stakeholders.

Our enduring commitments
BP is now set for a future that is different

to its past, but some things won't change.
BP's values-based culture will be maintained
and further developed. BP’s purpose and
ambition reflect its culture, and together
they position BP well to develop as an
increasingly sustainable company.

Our commitment to safe and reliable
operations will remain paramount. BP’s
safety performance has seen near
continuous irnprovement since 2010, and
we must continue to learn and improve.
We believe that the new organizational
structure BP set out last month will help
to reinforce this commitment.

As well as our enduring commitment
to safety, BP’s commitment to its
relationships and partnerships will not
change, including with governments
around the world. BP intends to use its
energy market experience, skills and
technology to help countries, cities and
corporations decarbonize, while at the.
same time building a thriving, lower
carbon energy business.

BP's new ambition also gives us extra
reason to maintain the capital discipline
and focus that has served the company so
well. We can only reimagine energy if we
generate the cash needed to manage the
balance sheet, invest in new low carbon
businesses, and continue to pay the
dividend on which you, our owners, depend.
That is how we will meet our ambition. It is
something that |, together with the BP
board, look forward to working on with
Bernard and his executive team.

Strategic report

Our focus throughout 2020

One of the focal paints for the board in
2020 will be BP’s capital markets day

in September, when Bernard and his
leadership team will lay out more detail
about the strategy, near-term targets and
ways to measure progress. It will be the
moment the vision and ambition set out in
February becomes much more concrete.
We will do this while ensuring that we
maintain a strong focus on high quality and
efficient operations and on delivering the
promises we have made to our investors

My thanks to you all
In addition to thanking Bob, two other
departing senior leaders deserve a special
mention — chief financial officer Brian
Gilvary, who has decided to step down from
the board in June after eight years in the job,
and Downstream chief executive Tufan
Erginbilgic, who leaves BP at the end of
March. On behaif of the board, | extend my
thanks and my deep appreciation for the
profound contributions they each made
during an important period for the company.

Of course, each of our employees has a
very important role to play in BP’s progress,
and they should be recognized. On behalf
of the board | extend my sincere thanks to
all our people for a job well done in 2019.

Today, BP’s engagement with its
customers, suppliers, shareholders,
employees and others is wider and deeper
than ever, but it has to furthér develop as
we progress on our journey. | therefore want
to use this opportunity to thank you, BP
shareholders, for your continued support
and engagement during 2019, including
through your votes at our AGM in May. Your
challenge and input have been important in
our effort to set a new strategic direction.

1 look forward to continuing our dialogue,

Helge Lund
Chairman
18 March 2020

BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2019

Chief executive
officer's letter

Dear fellow shareholders,

As we publish this report, the world is
working through extraordinarily difficult
times. Countries around the globe are
battling the coronavirus pandemic
{COVID-19), People’s lives are being
hugely disrupted, with tragic
consequences for many. The financial
markets are reflecting the disruption and
our sector is particularly hard hit, not just
by a virussrelated shock to demand but by
@ supply-side shock as well

At BP, we are taking calm and deliberate
actions for the well-being of our people
and the health of your company. We do
so with @ robust balance sheet, strong
liquidity and the flexibility in our portfolio
and financial framework that provide us
with optians

Aresilient company

This resilience is a tribute to Bob Dudley's
leadership over the past decade.
Following the Deepwater Horizon
accident, Bob's steady hand has guided
BP through recovery and back to growth
as a safer, stronger and more disciplined
company ~ one that has delivered
consistently for 12 consecutive quarters
‘on the plan we put forward in 2017

* We made an underlying profit of
$10 billion in 2019.

* Operating cash flow was strong at
$26 billion for the year.

* That gave us the confidence to increase
our dividend, which currently stands at
10.5¢ per ordinary share

During 2019, two colleagues sadly lost
their lives while working at BP. My heart
goes out to their families and friends, We
must learn from these tragedies and
continue to make BP safer. | believe that
we can build on progress that last year
saw our lowest-ever figure for BP people
getting hurt at work (our recordable injury
frequency measure).

Profit attributable
BP shareholders

$4.0bn

Nearest GAAP equivalent
to underlying profit.

BP Gnu Report and Fors 20-F 2048

Reimagining and reinventing energy
In February, we announced a new
purpose for BP, and a major reorganization
to deliver our new ambition to be a net
zero company by 2050 or sooner and help
the world get to net zero.

The current market shocks only reaffirm
the need for this reimagining of eneray and
reinvention of BP. Our current upstream-
downstream structure has served us well
for over a century, but I believe we now
need a different model for the rapidly
changing demands of the future. We need
an agile, highly integrated structure that is
more focused than ever on our core
capabilities in operations, customers, low
carbon and innovation. The leadership team
is working with the board to develop this,
structure, along with a new strategy and
near-term targets, which we intend to
share with you in September 2020.

I see huge opportunity for BP given our
distinctive combination of reach

resources and relationships. The world will
need to invest trillions of doliars in new
energies over the next several decades.
We have the skill and the will to help the
world deliver a rapid energy transition

Performing while transforming

This may be our most wide-ranging
reorganization for more than a century, but
| want to assure you of our commitment
to perform as we transform. Among many
significant changes, however, there will be
no change to the fundamental principles.
that have served us well over the last
decade and which apply equally in low
price environments as well as high.

Above ail, our commitment to safe and
reliable operations remains unchanged.
Safety will always be a BP core value and
we believe that the new structure we are
introducing will further strengthen our
safety performance.

Our investor proposition will remain
unchanged as we lay out new near-term
plans later this year. This includes our
commitment to growing sustainable free
cash flow and returns to shareholders
over the long term.

We will continue to maintain a strong
financial frame, including a focus on
deleveraging our balance sheet and
staying within a disciplined frame for our
capital expenditure.

And now, more than ever, we will focus
on managing costs, pursuing efficiencies
and driving waste out of the system

A force for good and competitive returns
This new decade is a pivotal time for BP.
We will continue to be an energy business,
but a very different kind of energy business
in years to come. We may not get
everything right along the way and will
need to listen and learn from others, not
least you, our owners.

But with your continued support we
expect to become leaner, faster-moving,
lower carbon — and more valuable.

Our destination is a thriving, sustainable
energy business in a net zero world. One
that is a motivating and inspiring place to
work for our employees. That is wanted
as well as needed by society. And one
that is valued by you, our shareholders, as
a force for good as well as a provider of
competitive returns.

Bernard Looney
Chief executive officer
18. March 2020

Ma

Our destination is a
thriving, sustainable
energy business in a
net zero world. One
that is a motivating
and inspiring place
to work for our
employees.”

for pe
frame our thinking, our activities
and our interactions.

nged. And our inv
proposition remain

Our ambition is to be a net
zero company by 2050

or sooner and to help the
world get to net zero

Our ambition for the energy transition

Pursuing a strategy that is
consistent with the Paris goals

The world needs a rapid transition to net
zero and to reimagine the global energy
system. This presents an opportunity fo:
BP to provide the cleaner energy the
world wants and needs.

We see opportun‘ties in helping the
world decarbonize through new
business models and creating cleaner
cities. We plan to provide more
information on our future strategy and
near-term plans at our capital markets
day in September 2020.

I For more information about how we
believe our current strategy is consistent
with the Pans goals, see page 1/

BP Annual Report and f orm 20-f 2019

Responding to increased shareholder

In 2019 the board recornmended that
shareholders support a special resolution
requisitioned by Climate Action 100+

(CA100+i on climate change disclosures.

The CA100+ resolution, which includes safeguard:
competitively sensitive information, is on page 33
are indicated with * and defined in the glossary o'
the following information.

Element of the CA100+ resolution,

interest

he CA100+ resolution, which requires BP
to respond to a number of different elements
passed with more than 99% of the vote
These responses are contained throughout
this annual report.

Is such as for commercially confidential and
7. Key terms related to this resolution response
n page 337. These should be reviewed with

Related content Wher

Strategy thet the board considers in good faith
be consistent with the Panis

Ours

ategy

How BP evaluates each new material capex investment ®

for consistency with the Paris goals and other outcomes
relevant to BP's strategy

(Our investment process

Disclosure of BP’s principal metrics and relevant
targets or goals over the short, medium and long
term, consistent with the Paris goals.

Measu

ng our progress

Anucipated levels of investment tr
() Oil and gas resources and reserves

a) Other energy sources and technologies.

Financial frarn

BP's targets to promote operational GHG reductions. Sustainability 40

Estimated carbon intensity of BP's energy products Sustainability 40

and progress over time, - _ _

Any linkage en above targets and executive pay Directors’ remuneration report 100

remuneration 2019 annual bonus oucome 105
2020 remuneration: Policy on a page 110

Srategec report

This is supported by 10 aims, which when taken
collectively, set out a path that we believe is
consistent with the Paris goals.

Five aims to get BP to net zero

bor el elvir i
ipso Mi ts tense Red Mee: sad

Aim 1is to be net zero* Aim 2 is to be net zero on Aim 3 is to cut the carbon Aim 4 is to install methane Aim 5 is to increase the
across our entire operations an absolute basis across intensity * of the products. measurement at all our proportion of investment
on an absolute basis by the carbon in ourupstream —_we sell by 50% by 2050 or existing major oil and gas we make into our non-oil
2050 or sooner. This aim oil and gas production by ‘sooner. This is a hfecycle processing sites by 2023, and gas businesses, Over
relates to Scope 1and2G!IG 2050 or sooner. This aim carbon intensity approach, publish the data, and then time, as investment goes up
‘emissions, relates to Scope 3 emissions, _per unit of energy. It covers drive a 50% reduction in in low and no carbon, we see
Eh For more on our and 1s on @ 8 equity share marketing sales of energy methane intensity of our it going down in oll and gas.
basis excluding Rosneft. products and potentially, in operations. And we will work
opsrational emissions, future, certain other products to influence our joint ventures
see Sustamabilty, HD S00 sustamnabiity, @.g. associated with land to set their own methane
page 40, Page 40 carbon projects: intensity targets of 0.2
TB see sustanabitty, Eh See Modernizing the
page 40. Whole group, page 31.

Five aims to help the world get to net zero

Attvecodit eating (igaitg tk Troacperet oy Chee

a5Geciahions Cep-dler a

u
Aim 6 is to more actively Aim 7is to incentivize our Aim 8 is to set new Aim Sisto be recognized Aim 10 is to launch a new
advocate for policies that global workforce to deliver expectations for our as an industry leader for team to create integrated
support net zero, including on our aims and mobilize _ relationships with trade the transparency of our clean energy and mobility
carbon pricing, We will them to become advocates associations around the reporting, On 12 February solutions, The team will
stop comporate reputation for net zero. This will include globe. We will make the 2020, we declared our support help countnes, cities and
advertising campaigns and increasing the percentage case for our views on for the recommendations of corporations around the
re-direct resources to promote _of remuneration linked to climate change within the the Task Force on Climate- world decarbonize.
welldesigned clmate policies emissions reductions for associations we belong to and related Financial Disclosures
In future, any corporate leadership and around we will be transparent where —_ (TCFD). We intend to work
advertising will be to push 37,000 employees we differ. And where we can't constructively with the TCFD
for progressive climate policy, : reach alignment, we willbe and others - such as the
ambition, nvte ideas, or build remuneration report. Standards Board - to develop
collaboration. We will continue page 100. EB See Sustanabiity good practices and standards,

page 49 and bp com/

for transparency
tradeassociations, P ¥

to run tecrutment campaigns
and advertise our products,
services and partnerships ~
although we aim for these to

increasingly be low carbon

EB See Sustainacihty,
page 44

Eh See bp comssustanatulty

BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018 7

2019 at a glance

This section gives an overview of BP’s structure, scale and performance
in 2019, For details of our future structure, see pages 16 and 80

Other businesses
and corporate

Comprises our Alternative Energy business as
well as a number of corporate activities.

RC loss before
interest and tax

$(2.8)bn

(2018 $12.5)on}

Underlying RC lo:
before interest and tax

$(1.3)bn

(2018 $(1.6)bn}

BP Ar 20-F 2019

Upstream

Responsible for oil and natural gas exploration, field development
and production, gas and power marketing and trading activities.

Replacement cost (RC) profit Underlying RC profit,

before interest and tax*

$11.2bn

(2078 $14.6bn}

before mterest and tax

$4.9bn

(2018 $14.3bn}

4 Rosneft

We have a 19.78% shareholding in Rosneft, one of
Russia's largest oil and gas companies, which hes
both upstream and downstream operations,

RC profit before
Interest and tax

$2.3bn

2018 $2 2bn}

Underlying RC profit
before interest and tax

$2.4bn

(2018 $2.3bn)

Downstream

Comprises the manufacturing and marketing of fuels, lubricants, and
petrochemicals, as well as our oil integrated supply and trading function,

RC profit before
interest and tax

$6.55n

(2018 $6.9)

Underlying RC profit
before interest and tax

$6.4bn

(2018 $7.6bn)

Scale

We are an integratea energy business. We
have operations in Europe, North and South
America, Australasia, Asia and Africa.

Performance

Our 2019 performance has helped us
deliver for our shareholders and other

stakeholders, including energy
consumers worlawide.

Strategic report

Advancing low carbon

We are committed to advancing a low carbon
future. We will aim to dramatically reduce
carpon ir our operations and in our production,
ang grow new lower carbon businesses,
products and services.

70,100

employees
(2018 73,000)

79

countnes,
(2018 78)

19,341

million barrels of oil equivalent ~
group proved hydrocarbon reserves
(2018 19,945mmboe)

18,900

vetail sites
12018 18,700)

98

ter 1 and 2 process safety events *

(2018 72) SD

$4.0bn

profit attnbutable to BP shareholders
(2018 $9.4br}

$10.0bn

underlying RC protit *
(2018 $12.70) ES

94.9%

downstream refining availability *
(2016 95.0%) ED

3.8

million barrels of oil equivalent per day
= group hydrocarbon proguction
(2018 3.7mmboe/d)

2 Ona comb nad oasis of subsidianes* and equy-accountes entities

TI See Koy performance indicators on page 32.

>20

years in renewable businesses

>$500m

Invested in low carbon activities m 2019

>7,500

BP Chargemaster charging points in the UK

13

countries where Lightsource BP
is active

BP Annual Report and t orm 20-F 2019 9

Global context

Many forces and trend
usIne

influencing the

$ environment, creatin
ay We operat

are fundament

uncertainties
We monitor th

trends clasely and explore the forces shaping t

global energy transition

Megatrends

The exact pace and nature of the
energy transition is unclear, but it
Is clear that the market for our
products is changing. Megatrends
affecting our industry include

Growing global concern over
climate change

Rapidly advancing digital
technology, affecting all
aspects of economic activity

Increasing prosperity in the
emerging warld driving
economic growth

Changing societal expectations
of corporations

Shifting geopolitical trends as
trade, economies and
relationships change over time

Growing global concern over
climate change is a key driving
force among these trends. The
way the world responds to this.
and the resulting impact on
the energy sector, is the most
significant uncertainty we face.

10 BP Annus! Report and Form 20-F 2019

BP Energy Outlook 2019

Our Outlook explores the forces shaping the
global energy transition out to 2040 and the
key uncertainties surrounding it. The 2019
Outlook considers a range of scenarios. They
have some common features, such as ongoing
economic growth and a shift towerds a lowe
carbon fuel mix, but differ in terms of policy,
tectinology and behavioural assumptions.

Global carbon emissions

Scenarios

ition: assumes that government

technology and sacial preferences

nue to evolve in. a manner and speed seen
over the recent past

* Rapid u
transition to a lower carbon energy system,
through a reduct
greater crergy ef‘icioncy, fuel switch.ng and us

sition. envisages a more rapid

Nn In emissions stemming from

of carbon capture, use and storage (CCUS}

EB For more information see bp com/energyoutiook
The BP tnergy Outivok 2020 will be published
later in the yea

“970 1980 999 2000

Fad tracsitor

1.0 BP Energy Outleok 2018

2010 2020

7040