y
1

from IOC to IEC

< H

=] 1

(v4

“ *AA2)SUBI* :
A0g 16/04/2021 #331

COMPANIES HOUSE

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020

sp We have set our stetegy to tensiom from
esi an site Cll Compa toen

ins
Energy Company focused) on delivering

solutions for @ eon

This means wo pent

[Driveldownfemissionstas)
fparttoffounettzeroambition}

About bp

Through our scale, reach and range of activities we deliver heat,
light and mobility products and services to customers around
the world, and we plan to do so increasingly, in ways that we
believe will help drive the transition to a lower carbon future.
We have operations in Europe, North and South America,
Australasia, Asia and Africa.

2020 in numbers

$20.3bn

$5.7bn

ioss for the year attributable
to bp shareholders

“underlying replacement
cost loss*

94%

upstream plant reliability *

96%

Tefining availability

1%
upstream unit
production costs *

reduction
$12.2bn $5.5bn
operating cash flow divestment proceeds *
$72.7bn $38.9bn
finance debt net debt*®
2.4mmboe/d 1,900
upstream production strategic
excluding Rosneft convenience sites*
10,

14.1GW 9%
total developed renewables reduction in estimated
to FID* and renewables emissions fron the carbon
pipeline bp net in our Upstream oil and

gas production*
Our quick read Our reporting centre Glossary

provides a concise summary of
the annual report, highlighting
strategy, performance and
‘sustainability information.

wh: bp.com/annualreport

borings together all our
key reports, including
our sustainability report
and energy outlook.

whi bp.com/reportingcentre

Like any industry, ours has
its own unique language.
For that reason, words and
terms marked with * are
defined in the glossary.

—>D See page 341

Strategic report

Strategic report
(Our purpose: reimagining energy 2
Chairman's letter 4
Chief executive officer's letter 6
Energy markets 8
Reinventing bp: Our strategy 5
‘Our business model 16
(Our strategic focus areas 8
‘Our financial frame and investor proposition 2
Pursuing a strategy that is consistent
with the Paris goals 26
‘Our organizational mode! 36
Our financial reporting segments, 38
Key performance indicators 39
Group performance 42
Sustainability 8
Section 172 statement 63
How we manage risk 64
Rlisk factors 67
Corporate governance
Introduction from the chairman i
Board of directors 74
Leadership team 78
Board activities 80
Decision making by the board a2
How the board has engaged with shareholders,
the workforce and other stakeholders 86
Governance framework 88
Learning, development and induction 90
Board evaluation a
People and governance committee 92
‘Audit committed 34
Safety and sustainability committee 100
Geopolitical committee 02
Directors’ remuneration report 103
Remuneration committee 105
Directors’ statements 127
Financial statements
Consolidated financial statements of the bp group 129
Notes on the financial statements 160
‘Supplementary information on
oil and natural gas (unaudited) 231
Parent company financial statements of BPp.lc. 259
Additional disclosures 301
Shareholder information 331
Glossary 341
Non-GAAP measures reconciliations 348
Signatures 350
Cross-reference to Form 20-F 351
Information about this report 352
Exhibits 352
bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020 01

Our punpass

Wewent to help te would
reach) emi) fr

Wewwilllaimftoxdramaticallyreduceycarbonlinourg
operationstandyinfougoroductionwaydiarowpewg
low scarbo. [ousinessesyproductstanClscwiccsy

Wowlladvasate tortmdamentcend)

industiyleadeqmtieytansparen cyoqoul

iWelknowyweyconitihaveralliineranswer stalchwl]
irmaniuakwinehas,

Woven toboenensgyconpany’

Tani oesacleyetay cnelspekelta
(one) aires
endionetivettng tor

feveryonewhoworkslatopy
i Velbelievetwe}haveltiney

lexperiencelandrexpertisey
ftheyrelationshiostanditherreach thers illanditiie)
wiltodotis.

[ranid[progiess]
ftowards|the}Raris\climate)goalslandjainito Delany
freportingy

Ouvrantiints tobsanctza0 company by AD
forfsconenandpojneloutheyworldiget{tomettzeroy

We Vetsetfoul§ Oneterolainse velo cinopiget
fomenyzeroranditivestoytrelonthehworidigettibercttoo§

Five aims to help.the
world get.to net zero
Eee

Five.aims.to get)
pa

Our strategy is to become an Integrated Energy
Company focused on delivering solutions for
customers. We expect to be a very different
bp by 2030 by implementing this strategy.

Strategic frame

To deliver our strategy
we must operate within
a resilient financial frame.

Financial frame

Strategic report

We believe our strategy
and financial frame
support the delivery of
our investor proposition.

Investor proposition

Resilient

and focused

Acoherent approach
to capital allocation

carbons

> Integrating energy systems <
> Partnering with countries, cities and industries. <
> Driving digital and innovation: <

1
Resilient dividend
2
Strong balance
sheet

—>D See page 15 for more information on our strategy.

Our sustainability frame

in
the energy transition
4

Investing to maximize
value in re

j i
\ |
i 1
| |
i 1
i |
1 i
I |
| |
| |
1 i
\ \
1 3 1
| Investing at scal |
i 1
1 \
! i
| |
i 1
|
\ |
1 1
| |
| |
| |
I |

—>D See page 22 for
more information on
our financial frame.

Committed distributions
Profitable growth

‘Sustainable value

—>D See page 23 for
more information on
‘our investor proposition

The sustainability frame we set out in September
2020 links our strategy to our purpose — to reimagine
energy for people and planet. It focuses on three
areas: net zero, people and planet.

—>D) See page 48 for more information on our sustainability frame.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020 03

Chairman’s letter

u
While this is a journey that will
require patience, our goal is
that bp over time will become
amore valuable company for
its shareholders and bring
wider benefits for society. gp

79%

annual
dividend yield*
ordinary share
(2019 6.9%)

$6.4bn
total dividends
distributed to

bp shareholders
(2019 $8.3bn)

04 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020

2020: the year of the pandemic

In every sense, 2020 was an extraordinary

year. The worst pandemic in a century has cost
well over 2 million lives and caused worldwide
economic and social disruption. While vaccination
programmes are now building momentum, the
path to recovery remains uncertain.

Because demand for energy is closely linked to
human activity, our sector was deeply affected.
The combination of a steep fall in share values
for almost all oil and gas companies and a new
bp distribution policy significantly affected your
shareholder returns.

As chairman of your board, | am conscious of
my responsibilities to bp’s shareholders. When
the board decided to reset our distribution policy,
it did so with a view to your long-term interests.
Our priorities were, and remain, weathering the
immediate challenge of the pandemic; paying

a resilient dividend; strengthening our balance
sheet; investing into the energy transition;
investing in our resilient hydrocarbons business
and, after that, returning surplus cash* to
shareholders through buybacks.

The board was unanimous in its support for
this course of action, which will help establish
bpas an Integrated Energy Company. | hope
that bp's new investor proposition and financial
frame give reasons for optimism about bp's
long-term prospects. As we turn to 2021, the
board's focus is on supporting bp's leadership
team to deliver our new strategy, and on
building renewed shareholder confidence
through strategic progress and operational

and financial performance.

2020 was also tough for our people. My board
colleagues and | are proud of them. Their
commitment — on rigs, in refineries, across retail
stations and everywhere else in bp - helped keep
the world's lights on and allowed us to provide
many emergency services with free or heavily
discounted fuel. Despite new COVID-19-related
practical challenges, our people maintained the
safety of bp’s operations. That is a testament to
their careful work.

bp‘s new purpose

2020 was a remarkable year for bp for other
feasons too. With the backing of the board, our
new CEO, Bernard Looney, introduced a new
company purpose: reimagining energy for people
and our planet. That purpose - together with our
strong culture and values - underpins the net zero
ambition that we set out last year, together with
our new strategy, financial frame and investor
proposition. It also informed bp's reinvention

~ the selection of a new leadership team, and
the replacement of bp’s upstream/downstream
model with a new, integrated group structure.

Change of this scale necessitated a
reorganization of how we work. That
reorganization will ultimately see close to
10,000 colleagues leaving bp. Saying goodbye
has been difficult, but the result is a leaner,
flatter, nimbler company - better able to realize
‘the opportunities of the energy transition.

Macro-economic developments have only
strengthened the board's belief that the direction
in which we are taking bp is the right one -
including China's new net zero target, the EU's
Green Deal, the UK's plan for a green industrial
revolution, and the US's recommitment to the
Paris Agreement. Today, global energy markets
are even further down the path of fundamental
change ~ and bp is well-positioned to help to
speed the world’s journey to net zero.

A year of engagement

While this is a journey that will require patience,
our goal is that bp over time will become a more
valuable company for its shareholders and bring
wider benefits for society. Of course, the journey
to net zeroiis, in part, one of discovery. For that
reason, the board and bp’s leadership team
know that we must be fully open to advice,
learning and challenge.

2020 was therefore a year of engagement with
our stakeholders, and | am grateful for the inputs
we received - which helped us shape our new
strategy, financial frame and investor proposition,
sustainability frame and position on biodiversity.
We will keep listening, and we count on you to
shere your feedback with us as we travel the
road to net zero together.

Strategic report

Evolution of the board

As the company evolves, the board's
composition will evolve too - reflecting the need
for new experiences and skills aligned with bp's
new direction. During the year, the board said
goodbye to our former CEO, Bob Dudley, and to
Brian Gilvary, our former CFO. Sir lan Davis, Nils
Andersen and Dame Alison Carnwath have also
stepped down from the board, and we shall
shortly say farewell to Brendan Nelson.
Collectively and individually they served with
distinction — bp is very fortunate to have had their
wise advice and strong leadership. We are just as
fortunate to welcome Tushar Morzaria, Karen
Richardson and Johannes Teyssen to bp’s board
for the first time.

Closing thanks

| would like to thank Bernard Looney, his
leadership team and everyone in bp for their
work during 2020. Throughout this challenging
year, they showed characteristic determination.

Finally, | thank you, our shareholders. | am
grateful both for the continued support we
received during 2020, and also for the support
of our new shareholders. During 2020, we
received investment and other endorsement
from those who told us they would not have
considered supporting bp were it not for the
transformation we have begun. We look forward
to repaying the faith you have placed in bp.

Helge Lund,
Chairman
22 March 2021

‘bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020 05

Chief executive officer’s letter

| want to pay particular tribute
to those on the frontline of our
business who have kept our
plants and platforms running,
our shops and forecourts
open, and energy flowing

to the world.

Dear shareholders,

The year 2020 will be remembered above all

for the pain, sadness and loss of life caused by
COVID-19. At bp, our thoughts are with the
families and loved ones of the colleagues we
have lost. Thousands more on our teams have
had the virus, and life under lockdown has meant
additional challenges, and anxiety for everyone.

| want to pay particular tribute to those on the
frontline of our business who have kept our plants
and platforms running, our shops and forecourts
‘open, and energy flowing to the world. They
have sacrificed so much and earned our deepest
respect and appreciation.

Responding to brutal conditions

We began our transformation from an
International Oil Company to an Integrated
Energy Company against this backdrop, along
with lower oil and gas prices, lower refining
margins and unprecedented falls in demand for
our retail and aviation fuels. Our response
included lowering costs, strengthening the
balance sheet with an innovative hybrid bond
issue, and advancing our strategy to become

$20.3bn
loss attributable
to bp shareholders

amore diversified, resilient and lower carbon
company. As part of our strategy planning
process, we reviewed our portfolio and
development plans. This work - informed by
bp’s views of the long-term price environment
—|ed to significant impairment charges and
non-cash exploration write-offs in the

second quarter.

For shareholders, all this was reflected in a reset
dividend and a diminished share price. | recognize
the financial impact this must have had on you.
However, | wholeheartedly believe we will not
just restore, but will enhance the long-term
sustainable value of your company through

the actions we are taking to reinvent bp. And
despite the most brutal operating conditions

| can remember in almost 30 years in this
industry, we have made considerable

operational and strategic progress.

Performing while transforming

The loss of $20.3 billion we reported for the
year is clearly disappointing. However, it inno
way reflects the heroic efforts of the bp team in
extremely difficult circumstances, or their deep
commitment to performing while transforming

‘= Most importantly - our safety performance
continued to improve.

‘= Reliability of 94% for bp's operated plants *
and refining availability * of 96% represents
remarkably strong performance, especially
given the challenges faced by our
frontline staff

= Capital was reset and we delivered at the
lower end of the range.

"= We made good progress towards our net
debt* target, including the contribution from
high grading our portfolio and $6.6 billion of
divestment and other proceeds received
during the year.

‘= New oil and gas production came on from
four major projects* - in India, Oman, the
UK and the US.

‘= Natural gas from the Shah Deni field in
the Caspian Sea arrived in Italy following
final completion of the historic Southern
Gas Corridor project.

= And we doubled our retail network in growth
markets to around 2,700 retail sites*,
plus the addition of around 300 strategic
convenience sites*.

Reinventing bp

This performance is even more remarkable given
that we have been carrying out the most
extensive reorganization in bp’s 112-year history.
We have retired the upstream/downstream
business model that has served bp very well.

In its place we have introduced a leaner, flatter
structure, stripping away tiers of management
and lowering the workforce towards a target of
around 10,000 fewer jobs. My role is now five
layers at most away from more than half of our
employees. That means people's ideas and
voices can be more easily heard - and decisions
‘taken much faster.

We are now more centralized, more agile, and
better integrated. This enables us to maximize
value creation in a rapidly evolving market through,
economies of scale, and by exploiting synergies
and driving continuous improvement in
operational performance.

‘We are now organized around four business groups.

= Production & operations is the operating heart
of the company — and is focusing our resilient
hydrocarbons portfolio on value.

= Customers & products is growing our
convenience and mobility offers for an
increasing number of customers.

‘© Gas & low carbon energy is growing to help
meet rapidly increasing clean energy demand.

‘= Innovation & engineering acts as a catalyst,
opening up new and disruptive business
models and driving our digital transformation.

And our trading & shipping business and
regions, cities & solutions team knit together
the offers of our four core groups to drive
greater value creation.

Reimagining energy

Completing our transformation to a net zero
Integrated Energy Company will take time. But
we are led by our purpose - to reimagine energy
for people and our planet — and motivated by the
opportunity we see in the energy transition.
Trillions of dollars of investment will be needed
over the next 30 years in replumbing and rewiring
the global energy system.

We now have offshore wind partnerships in

the US with Equinor and in the UK with EnBW

~ two of the best regions globally for the world’s
fastest-growing source of energy. Our solar
development joint venture, Lightsource bp, is
growing prolifically. We are working with Orsted
to develop green hydrogen for our Lingen
refinery. We have joined forces with the mobility

Strategic report

platform DiDi to build a network of electric
vehicle chargers in China, by far the world’s
biggest market for EVs. And we have a growing
list of low carbon partnerships with cities such as
Aberdeen and Houston and some of the world’s
leading companies, including Amazon, Microsoft,
Qantas and Uber.

Acompelling investor proposition

We are fully focused at all times on the bottom
line of the business - on executing our strategy
while operating safely, reliably and with discipline.
We continue to build resilience and strength in
the balance sheet as conditions remain
challenging and uncertain while vaccines roll out,
the pandemic recedes, and economies look to
recover. At the same time, we are transforming
to create value from the energy transition over
the long term.

We see tremendous business opportunity in
providing people with the reliable, affordable,
clean energy they want and need. Our net

zero ambition is clearly the right thing for society,
but we know it does not give us a free pass ina
fast-changing world. We have to show you the
evidence that we can compete fiercely and add
value — in service of the compelling investor
proposition we believe we offer:

‘= Committed distributions — including the
dividend as the number one priority;

‘= Profitable growth; and

= Sustainable value.

This is all in service of growing long-term
shareholder value, that is our job. And | promise
to keep you well informed as we execute our
plans. As ever, thank you for your continued

support - | will never take that for granted. And
| look forward to any feedback you might have.

Thank you.

on

Bernard Looney,
Chief executive officer
22 March 2021

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020 07

Energy markets

Global context

The business environment is fundamentally changing. The world is on an unsustainable path
and its carbon budget is running out. Energy markets have begun a process of significant,
lasting change in response to this — shifting increasingly towards low carbon and renewables.
And in 2020 we saw further changes, as COVID-19 spread across the globe.

COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected individuals,
countries and businesses. The spread of the
pandemic quickly plunged the world economy
into recession and reshaped social norms

and attitudes.

Globally, businesses have had to change
established assumptions and introduce new

models and ways of working. For bp, it has had
an adverse impact on our business, including on
the demand for our products and on their prices.

But the more we understand about the
consequences for the global economy - and

the inevitable uncertainty it brings - the more
convinced we are that our ambition and strategy
are taking us in the right direction for bp, for our
employees, our shareholders and society.

Impact on the economy

The global economy is estimated to have
contracted 4.3% in 2020, the steepest decline
in economic activity since 1946, caused

by COVID-19.

In advanced economies the recovery from the
initial contraction was dampened by resurgences
of COVID-19 cases, leading to an annual
contraction of 5.4%. Most emerging markets,
excluding China, also experienced deep
recessions, with growth of -5% in 2020,

while in China the economy grew by 2%’.

‘8 World Bank Global Economic Prospects, January 2021

Mobilizing safely in the North Sea

We introduc

d pre- lization
g in Aberdeen,
t operators in the

i)

measures to protect the safety and
wellbeing of offshore colleagues.
The ‘Sale Passage’ programme
was introduced during the first UK
lockdown elp individuals travel
to Aberdeen for mobilization as
sefely as possible, The programme
provided door-to-door transport,
accommodation during the journey
Aberdeen and hotels in the
city dedicated to bp stat
and contractors.

th Sea to do this.

and cleaning regimes continue
to play a vital role in protecting
the health and wellbeing of our

an on-board medic and configured
to enable social distancing,

ere introduced to safely

ansport individuals sus}
of contracting the virus bac
to shore for further treatment
and support.

08 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020

Our response

As COVID-19 continues to affect communities
around the world, we have focused our effort
on three priorities.

1 Protecting our people.

2 Supporting communities
where we live and work.

3 Strengthening our finances.

Our leadership teams were in daily discussions
to respond to the conditions in the countries
where we operate as the pandemic unfolded.

We had a three-tier response model with
executive-level, business, country and incident
management steering committees. Some
‘examples are given on the next page.

1

Protecting our people
Our first priority is the safety and health
of our people.

Our people involved in, or supporting, critical
operations continued at their normal workplace
during the pandemic and we put additional
processes in place to help protect them. These
included operating robust protocols for health
and pre-mobilization checks, PPE, travel and
workplace access, social distancing and isolation.

Employees who were able to work from home
were asked not to come into their workplace
and we put business travel restrictions in place.
Many office-based workers continue to work
from home at the time of publication and are
likely to do so for the foreseeable future as
ways of working change

We liaised closely with industry peers and
other organizations to regularly test our approach
on specific safety issues. And we created a
global COVID-19 OneMap, providing our
businesses with current local COVID-19 risk
profiles including rates of infection, vaccines
rates and procurement.

2

Supporting communities

Providing essential support for the communities
where our people live and our businesses operate
was a priority throughout our response to
COVID-19. We offered support to governments
and partners, using our expertise and resources
to support the relief effort. The bp Foundation
donated $2 million to the World Health
Organization's COVID-19 Solidarity Response
Fund, which supports medical professionals and
patients worldwide by providing critical aid and
supplies. The fund also helps track and understand
the spread of COVID-19 and supports efforts

to develop tests, treatments and vaccines.

3

Strengthening our finances

The economic consequences of COVID-19 for

the world remain uncertain at the time of

Publication. In response to this uncertainty, we

took deliberate steps to strengthen our finances

~ reinforcing liquidity, rapidly reducing spending

and costs, driving our cash balance point lower.

Divestment programme

= We delivered our plans for $15 billion of
announced divestments, which commenced
at the start of 2019, in June 2020 a year
earlier than expected.

Supplying free fuel
for emergency
services vehicles

In 2020 v
lives of f

ambulances ay
gency vet

the prog}
les issued with eith
d could fill up wi

200 retail sites acro:

through bp pulse

Strategic report

= In 2020 we set a new target of $25 billion of
proceeds between the second half of 2020
and 2025, of which we've completed or agreed
transactions for over half of this target. This
includes the agreed sale of a 20% interest in
Oman’s Block 61 and proceeds from the
divestments of our petrochemicals business
and Alaska interests.

"= We have a deep hopper of potential future
divestment options. As we execute this
programme, we will continue to be focused
on value.

Capital expenditure

‘= Capital expenditure for 2020 was $14 billion,
around 28% lower than 2019. Organic capital
expenditure* for 2020 was $12 billion, in line
with the guidance given in April.

Liquidity

= Finance debt was $72.7 billion and net debt *
was $38.9 billion at the end of 2020. We are
actively managing the profile of our debt
portfolio. We issued perpetual hybrid bonds
with a US dollar equivalent value of $11.9 billion
in June 2020, and we bought back an
aggregate US dollar equivalent value of
$8 billion of debt in the third quarter of 2020,
January 2021 and March 2021. bp had around
$44 billion of liquidity, consisting of cash and
cash equivalents (net of restricted cash) plus
undrawn revolving credit facilities committed
credit and bank facilities, at the end of 2020

= In April 2020 Moody's reaffirmed 8P p.l.c.’s
A credit rating and revised its outlook from
stable to negative. The short-term P-1 rating
was also reaffirmed.

‘= In January 2021 S&P revised its outlook on
BP p.l.c. from stable to negative and affirmed
BP p.i.c.’s long- and short-term corporate credit
rating of A-/A-2.

= From January 2021, Fitch Ratings has provided
a solicited long-term corporate credit rating to
BP p.l.c. of A with stable outlook, In February
2021, Fitch Ratings assigned BP pil.c. a
short-term corporate credit rating of F1

bp’s financial performance, including cash flows
and net debt, has been and will continue to be
impacted by the extent and duration of the
current market conditions and the effectiveness
of the actions that it and others take, including
its financial interventions. It is difficult to predict
when current supply and demand imbalances
will be resolved and what the ultimate impact
of COVID-19 will be.

—>D See page 22 for more information
on capital allocation,

We have addressed our response to COVID-19
in further detail throughout this report:

—35D) See page 63 Our stakeholders.
See page 64 How we manage risk.
See page 67 Risk factors.
See page 87 Workforce engagement.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2020 09

Energy markets continued

Energy economics

Oil
The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a sharp

contraction in oil sector demand and production
in 2020.

Global oil consumption decreased by
8.8mmb/d to 91.2mmbid for the year (-8.8%) as
global lockdown measures reduced mobility and
took a toll on economic activity.

On the supply side, unprecedented co-ordinated
output cuts from OPEC+, coupled with curtailed
non-OPEC supply, reduced global oil production*
by 6.6mmb/d to 93.9mmb/d.

Dated Brent* prices averaged $41.84/bbI in
2020 - a 35% decrease from 2019 levels and
almost 26% below the 2016-18 average.

Prices fluctuated during 2020, reaching a peak
of almost $70/bbI in January on OPEC+ supply
restraints and the decline in Libyan output. Prices
hit a low of almost $13/bbI in April as lockdown
measures were put in place globally. In the
second half of the year prices hovered around
the $40-45/bbI range, before hitting $50/bb!

in December.

Urals prices in North West Europe (Rotterdam)
averaged $41.71/bbl in 2020. The discount

to dated Brent was $0.13/bb! below 2019
($1.25/ob)).

8.8%
decrease in global oil
consumption in 2020

‘2 [EA Oil Market Report, Jenuary 20210.

Natural gas

Gas spot prices dropped in all three key regional
markets in 2020.

‘= Henry Hubs prices decreased to $2.08/
mmBtu in 2020 from $2.63/mmBtu in 2019.
US gas prices varied substantially during 2020,
dropping in the second quarter of 2020 due to
the impact of the lockdown, before recovering
in the fourt