a

bp Annual Report
and Form 20-F 2024

wove

"eesratas
COMPANIES HOUSE

Growing shareholder value

We are fundamentally resetting bp’s strategy.
We are reallocating capital to drive growth from
our highest returning businesses. And we are
focused on driving improved performance.

This is all in service of growing long-term
shareholder value.

We believe bp has a compelling investor proposition, sustainably
delivering long-term shareholder value through the energy
transition, see page 19.

Our reset strategy

We plan to grow the upstream, focus the downstream and
invest with discipline in transition, see page 8

Navigating this report More information
© Read more on another page of this report Online quick read
Aconcise summary of the bp Annual Report and
@ Read more online Form 20-F 2024, highlighting strategy, performance
and sustainability information.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 8 bp.com/annualreport
Disclosures (TCFD)

Information that supports TCFD Recommendations
and Recommended Disclosures in relation to Metrics
and Targets is indicated with TCFO.

Glossary
Words and terms marked with *
are defined in the glossary on page 351

Online reporting centre
All our bp corporate reports, including the
bp Sustainability Report and the bp Energy Outlook

© bp.com/reportingcentre

| Strategic report
2024 at a glance Strategie report
As at 31 December 2024 2024 ata glance 1
About bp 2
Chair's letter 4
Scale Chief executive officer's letter 5
The operating environment 6
a
100,500 61 Energy outlook 7
employees countries of operation Sur stated :
(2023 87,800) (2023 61) Petormence
Consistency with the Paris goals 10
Our business model 12
2.4 >39,000 Key perennance vice 4
million barrels of oil equivalent electric vehicle charge points * Our financial frame 18
~ upstream production (2023 >29,000) Our investment process 20
(2023 2.3mmboe/d) Group performance 24
. Gas & low carbon energy 28
21,200 Oil production & operations 31
ss aihasa Customers & products 33
et *
(os sao) Other businesses & corporate 36
. Sustainability 38
Climate-related financial disclosures (TCFD) 42
Performance ‘Our approach to sustainability 56
How we manage risk 61
$0.4bn $8.9bn © aisktactrs ra
profit for the year attributable underlying replacement cost Compliance information 68
to bp shareholders (RC) profitx Non-financial and sustainability information statement 68
(2023 $15.2bn) (2023 $13.8bn) Section 172 statement 68
9 9 Corporate governance
95.2% @ 94.3% © introduction fom te char 7
bp-operated upstream plant bp-operated refining Board of directors 72
reliability * availability * Leadership team 74
(2023 95.0%) (2023 96.1%) Governance framework 75
Board activities 76
2,950 8.2GW Our stakeholders 78
- Key decisions 79
stsisgie convenience shen devaoped renewaies Safety and sustainably commas 0
. (2023 6.2GW) Audit committee 82
People, culture and governance committee 86
Remuneration committee 88
$6.17/boe __@ Directors emunetaton repo 38
upstream unit production Other disclosures 111
costs * Directors’ statements 112
(2023 $5.78/boe)
Financial statements
. on Consolidated financial statements of the bp group 115
Safety and sustainability Notes on the financial statements 145
Supplementary infurnration on oil and natural gas (unaudited) 223
38 e 33.6MtCOze e Parent company financial statements of BP p.lc. 251
tier 1 and 2 process safety CHG emissions ~ operational Additional disclosures 311
(2028 39) (2023 32,1MtC0,€) ‘Shareholder information 341
Glossary 351
Non-IFRS measure reconciliations 360
Signatures 364
Key Cross-reference to Form 20-F 365
@ Key performance indicator, page 14 Information about this report 366
Exhibits 366

2. This figure reflects new acquisitions and companies we have taken full ownership of including bp bioenergy and Lightsource bp.

See glossary on page 351 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 1

About bp

We are an integrated energy ' Our purpose

company, one of only a few that Our purpose is to deliver energy to the world,
aa today and tomorrow.

can deliver energy at global scale

Who we are
through a decades-long energy ‘Who we are’ defines what we stand for at bp,
transition. building on our best qualities and those things
. . that are most important to us. It comprises three
We are in action to grow simple beliefs that can inspire each of us at bp

shareholder value, strengthen bp —_ {De our best every day: live our purpose, play to

and build our resilience to deliver ——_@ tacom/ourbeiets
energy to the world, today and
tomorrow.

We have operations in Europe, North and South
America, Australasia, Asia and Africa.

Valaris DS-12 drillship at bp's Raven gas field,
@ Oil production & operations, page 31
- t -

2 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

Financial reporting segment performance

At 31 December 2024, the group's reportable segments were gas & low
carbon energy, oil production & operations and customers & products. Each
is managed separately, with decisions taken for the segment as a whole,
and represents a single operating segment that does not result from
aggregating two or more segments (see Financial statements — Note 5).

Gas & low carbon energy”

Comprises our gas & low carbon energy businesses. Our gas business
includes regions with upstream activities that predominantly produce
natural gas, integrated gas and power, and gas trading. Our low carbon
business includes solar, offshore and onshore wind, hydrogen and carbon
capture and storage (CCS), and power trading. Power trading includes
trading of both renewable and non-renewable power.

$3.6bn $6.8bn

replacement cost (RC) profit underlying RC profit before
before interest and tax” interest and tax*
(2023 $14.1bn) (2023 $8.7bn)

© segment performance, page 28

Oil production & operations®
‘Comprises regions with upstream activities that predominantly produce

crude oil, including bpx energy.
$10.8bn $11.9bn
underlying RC profit before

RC profit before interest
interest and tax

and tax”
(2023 $11.2bn) (2023 $12.8bn)

© seoment performance, page 31

The Gigahub EV charging hub at the NE

a
Customers & products, page 33~
Nt

‘a The Azerbaijan-Georgia-Tiirkiye and Middle East regions have been further subdivided by asset,

| Strategic report

Customers & products

Comprises customer-focused businesses, which include convenience
and retail fuels, EV charging, as well as Castrol, aviation and B2B and
midstream, It also includes our products businesses, refining & oil trading,

as well as our bioenergy‘ businesses.
$(1.6)bn §2.5bn
underlying RC profit before

RC loss before interest and tax”
interest and tax

(2023 $6.4bn)

(2023 profit $4.2bn)

© Segment performance, page 33

Other businesses & corporate

Comprises technology; bp ventures; our corporate activities and functions;
and any residual costs of the Gulf of America oil spill

$(1.0)bn $(0.6)bn

RC loss before interest underlying RC loss before
and tax” interest and tax
(2023 loss $(0.9)bn) (2023 loss $(0.9)bn)

(2) Segment performance, page 36

b IFRS requis that the measure of profit or oss disclosed for each operating segment is the measure that is provided regularly to the chief operating decision maker. For bp, this measure of profit or loss
is replacement cost profit before interest and tax, which reflects the replacement cost of inventories sold in the period and is arrived at by excluding inventory holding gains and losses* from profit
before interest and tax, Replacement cost profit for the group is not a recognized measure under IFRS. For further information see Financial statements ~ Note S

¢ In February 2025 bp announced its intention to move its biogas business to the gas & low carbon energy segment.

* See glossary on page 351

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 3

Chair's letter

Dear fellow shareholders,

Chief executive transition

The world bp operates in continues to change at
pace. The past year has seen numerous
elections, complex geopolitics and ongoing
conflict, as well as significant climate events. At
the same time, there has been progress in Al and
technology and some signs of growth and
prosperity in emerging economies. As a result,
energy demand continues to rise with the supply
of oil and gas, and renewable energy, reaching an
all-time high.

For bp, there was leadership change, with anew
CEO and CFO, and 2024 was a year of reshaping
the portfolio and laying the foundation for growth
and sustainable shareholder returns. Under
Murray Auchincloss’s leadership, bp has made
significant moves, continuing to play its part in
supplying the energy the world needs today and
helping build out the eneray system of tomorrow.
We strengthened our oil and gas portfolio,
exparided in biogas and bioenergy, and focused
our hydrogen and wind projects ~ all leading to
the fundamental strategy reset announced at our
Capital Markets Update in February 2025.

Performance

Safety continues to be at the forefront of
everything bp does, and the board and I would
again like to recognize bp's teams for their work
to reduce the most serious process safety
incidents. This requires constant vigilance,
robust processes and a willingness to speak up
and act.

However, whether it is on the front line or on the
board, bp can never take safety for granted. We
were tragically reminded of this in October 2024 by
the fatality in our bp bioenergy business in Brazil

4 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

Many of bp’s businesses performed well,
including higher upstream * production and
strong plant reliability *, but it was a difficult year
in parts of our customers & products business,
particularly in refining. bp cannot control a tough
price environment but it can address underlying
performance — and the board believes that the
comprehensive update of our strategy that we
announced in February, combined with strong
performance management processes, will help
bp to do this.

Strategy reset

Alot has changed since we launched our
strategy in 2020 - and bp has learned a lot. The
pandemic has altered consumer behaviour,
geopolitical tensions have increased the focus on
secutily of supply, and although energy demand
has risen to a high point, overall, growth has been
weaker. Globally, inflation and rising interest
rates have had an impact on the economics of
major projects, particularly low carbon
investments.

Because of all these factors, combined with our
engagement with our shareholders and other
important stakeholders, we reworked our
strategy. Murray sets out how on the next page.

This is a new direction for bp. The board has
worked closely with Murray and his leadership
team throughout this reset, which has our full
support. The reset builds on bp’s distinctive
strengths, learns from its challenges and
represents deliberate choices and a conviction
about the way forward. The next steps are clear.
Now is about rigorous performance, and the
board has an important role to play in overseeing
the delivery of the strategy we have set out.

Culture and values

The board believes that the changes bp is
making are positive and necessary for the future
of the company, but we know change itself can
be unsettling. This makes it more crucial than
ever that bp maintains a strong culture and
strong values. bp is rigorous about operational
and safety processes, and must continue to be
rigorous about care for others, our speak-up
culture and psychological safety. As a board, we
provide oversight and constructive challenge,
and in doing so we routinely monitor bp’s culture.
| say more about this in the governance section
‘on page 70.

Closing thanks

Thank you, particularly to bp's owners and bp's
‘teams, in a year where bp has faced numerous
challenges and worked hard to improve its
performance and focus the organization. We are
grateful to everyone who has given us their time,
expertise, support ~ and challenged us too. This
is your company and we believe it is now set to
grow ~ and win ~ in a changing energy market.

Helge Lund
Chair
6 March 2025

Chief executive officer's letter

Dear fellow shareholders,

We've been in action throughout the past year
materially reshaping bp's portfolio and laying the
foundations for February's Capital Markets
Update. This fundamental reset of our strategy
demonstrates a clear focus on actions to drive
performance improvement and grow cash flow
and returns for bp’s shareholders.

Safety first

In 2024, we made progress on safety, reducing
‘the number of combined tier 1 and 2 process
safety events * for a second year in a row, with
the most serious tier 1 events down significantly
~ but we have more to do. Our goal is to.
eliminate fatalities, life-changing injuries and the

most serious process safety incidents. Tragically,

‘one person died while working in our newly
acquired bp bioenergy business in Brazil in
October 2024. We must continue to embed and
reinforce our Operating Management System *,
Lifesaving Rules and Safety Leadership
Principles across bp (see page 56). Nothing
matters more than safety.

Financial and operating performance

We delivered strong performance in some areas
in 2024 but had some challenges in others. For
example, our upstream * production was 2%
higher than in 2023, and plant reliability * was
strong at over 95%, but there were difficulties in
refining. Margins were lower and the power
‘outage at Whiting in the first quarter contributed
toa dip to 94.3% in our refining availability *.

This contributed to earnings of $38 billion®
(adjusted EBITDA) in 2024 and operating cash
flow of $27.3 billion and resulted in:

Profit for the year attributable to
shareholders of $0.4 billion. =

+ Underlying replacement cost profit *
of $8.9 billion.
Return on average capital employed *
of 14.2%.
And net debt + of $23 billion*.

This allowed us to raise the dividend per ordinary
share by 10% and announce $7 billion of share
buybacks for the year.

Reshaping the portfolio

We've done more to reshape bp’s portfolio in the
last 12 months than in any year in the past 20
years. We started up a major project * and
sanctioned 10. We agreed new access in regions
we know well, including in Iraq and India - at
material scale. We formed 2 new joint venture,
Arcius Energy, to develop gas in the Middle East
with ADNOC's investment arm XRG. And we
announced plans for JERA Nex bp, joining forces
with one of the world's major power companies
to create a leader in offshore wind development

~ and helping to grow the scale of the business
in a capital-light way for bp. We also now own
100% of bp bioenergy, one of the top-three
sugarcane bioethanol producers in Brazil,

and Lightsource bp, one of the world’s leading
solar developers. And we're investing with
discipline in hydrogen and carbon capture,
sanctioning four projects in 2024.

At the same time, we introduced our target to
deliver at least $2 billion of savings’ by the end of
2026, relative to 2023. We made strong progress
on this, achieving structural cost reduction * of
$0.8 billion since the start of 2024.

Growing shareholder value

Having laid the foundations, we have
fundamentally reset our strategy. This is a new
direction. We've drawn on everything we've
learned since 2020, while reflecting substantial
changes to the external environment and using
our deep-seated industrial skills and experience.
The key elements are:

First, a growing upstream. We're increasing
planned investment by 20% to around $10
billion a year in oil and gas to help build more
higher-returning major projects and increase
exploration.

+ Second, a focused downstream. We're
focusing our portfolio around core integrated
positions and taking action to improve
performance. We expect to invest around
$3 billion by 2027.

Third, investing with discipline in the
transition. We plan to pursue fewer and
higher-returning opportunities, and access
growth more efficiently. We now expect to
invest between $1.5-2.0 billion per year into
transition businesses * through 2027* — more
than $5 billion lower per year than our
previous guidance.

‘Adjusted EBITDA for the group is 2 nomIFRS measure and its nearest IFRS-equivalent measure is profit for the year 2026.
ROACE is a non-1FRS measure and its nearest IFRS measures of numerator and denominator are profit for 2024 attributable to bp

shareholders of $0.4 billion and total equity at the end of 2024 of $78.3 billion respectively.

same meaning as underlying operating expenditures

‘Net debt is @ non4FRS measure and its nearest IFRS-equivalent measure is finance debt at the end of 2024.
‘Target first introduced in bp’s first quarter 2024 group results announcement referred to as cash costs savings. Cash costs has the

€ Excludes deferred consideration for 2024 acquisition of bp bioenergy in 2025.

% See glossary on page 351

| Strategic report

All while continuing to drive value through our
distinctive strengths in trading, technology and
partnerships, And we are now guided by a more
focused set of sustainability aims, the ones most
relevant to our net zero ambition and the long-
term success of bp (see page 38)

Thank you

There are very few companies of scale that can
adapt at pace with society to meet demand trom
countries, companies and customers for more
energy and lower carbon products. bp is one

of them. I'm excited about our new direction and
the significant opportunity we have to grow value
for our shareholders.

| want to thank our brilliant team for their hard
work, commitment and resilience through a
period of extensive change. | also want to thank
you, the owners of our business, for continuing to
put your trust in our company.

PE
Murray Auchincloss

Chief executive officer
6 March 2025

Nearest IFRS-equivalent measures

$1.2bn

profit for 2024°

0.5%

profit for 2024 attributable to bp
shareholders divided by total equity
at 31 December 2024”

$59.5bn

finance debt at the end of 2024°

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 5

Energy markets

The operating environment

bp operates across volatile energy markets. Here
we discuss broader economic trends we have
observed that influence our sector as a whole.

The world economy grew by around 3%" in 2024.
Growth rates varied widely across economies,
with US GOP estimated to have grown by 2.8%,
much stronger than had been expected at the
start of the year’. By contrast, the eurozone
economy expanded by only 0.8%". China's growth
is estimated to have been close to the
government's ‘around 5%’ target”.

Inflation continued to moderate around the world
in 2024, moving towards central banks’ target
rates in most major economies. Cooling inflation
allowed several central banks, including the US
Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and
the Bank of England, to cut interest rates.
Financial market prices suggest further interest
rate reductions are expected during 2025.

Oil

Oil prices were elevated across much of 2024,
supported by oil demand growth and OPEC
production cuts. Dated Brent averaged $81/bbI* in
2024, broadly unchanged from $83/bbI* in 2923
A slowdown in Chinese oil demand growth toa
quarter of its pre-COVID trend lowered global

annual oil demand growth to 0.94mmb/d, causing
total oil demand in 2024 to be 102.9mmb/d*.

The slowdown in demand growth and
outperformance of non-OPEC+ supply led to
production cuts from OPEC+ in 2024. OPEC+
output averaged 49.8mmb/d in 2024 - around
900kb/d* lower thar’ 2023. Saudi Arabia cut its
output to just 9.0mmb/d in 2024, over Immb/d
lower than its levels in the first half of 2023°
These reductions were more than offset by
strong growth in non-OPEC* supplies which
increased by 1.5mmb/d in 2024°, with the US
accounting for almost half of that increase’.

Natural gas

A relatively warm European winter in 2023-24 and
muted European gas demand caused European
and Asian natural gas prices to fall in early 2024.
Prices troughed in February but had increased by
70%* by the end of December following strong
Asian LNG demand growth and weak LNG
supply growth.

Industry, power generation and transportation
were the main sectoral drivers of that Asian LNG
demand growth. European gas demand
continued to decline due to lower power demand.
Outages and project delays meant global LNG
supply grew at a slow pace of 2.5% in 2024".

In the US, Henry Hub (HH) gas prices averaged
$2.2/mmBtv*, the lowest price level, in real terms,
in the last 25 years. A warm US winter (2023-24)

resulted in natural gas stocks 40%" above the five- -

year average by the end of March. Consequently,
HH declined to levels needed to incentivize power
sector coal-to-gas switching and lower natural
{gas production. Increases in power demand for
air conditioning and data centres aided this
rebalancing. The number of US gas rigs in key
shale basins declined by 47% from its peak in
2022.

Refining marker margin

We use a global refining marker margin (RMM)*
to track the refining margin environment. Global
RMM in 2024 continued the downward trajectory
from 2023. An increase in refining capacity and a
slowdown in demand growth for refined products
meant RMM values averaged significantly lower in
2024 at $17.7/bbl ($8.1/bbl lower than in 2023).

Power and renewables

Electricity demand growth continues to outpace
total energy demand growth, driven by increasing
electrification in developed economies and by

growing prosperity and industrialization in
emerging economies. Growing demand from data
centres looks set to increase electricity demand
materially in the coming years.

Total solar and wind capacity additions in 2024
are estimated to have exceeded 600GW, breaking
the record set in 2023" This surge was
associated with significant overcapacity in solar
manufacturing in China.

Bioenergy growth also maintained momentum,
with resilient demand for liquid biofuels in road
transport, increasing biomethane production, and
increasing announced capacity of sustainable
aviation fuel projects.

Hydrogen and carbon capture
and storage

Persistent high costs, the slow pace of enabling
policy and insufficient demand continue to
challenge the decarbonization of costlier-to-abate
processes with low carbon hydrogen. The project
Pipeline for production of low carbon hydrogen
operational by 2030 remains significant, but only
around 4Mtpalis either currently operational or
Under construction. Green hydrogen * costs are
expected to be higher than those for blue
hydrogen * in many countries through this
decade and beyond.

Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is increasingly
being recognized as critical to the energy
transition, and the global pipeline of CCS projects
continued to grow in 2024. Operational and
under-construction projects are expected to
double to 100Mtpa™ over the next few years.
While this represents progress, the current project
pipeline, taking into account relatively low
historical success rates, appears incufficient to
meet the CCS deployment rates in Paris
consistent transition scenarios”.

‘a IMF World Economic Outlook, October 2024, measured on a Purchasing Power Parity basis.

;ny period because of bp's
tion, the RMM does not

k bp Energy Outlook 2024; IRENA Stats; Wood Mackenzie Global Solar Forecasts. PV capacity

CCUS Project Pipeline data, October 2024. \
1 Projects include capture projects either on a standalone basis or as part of a hub (sharing transport
ies)

Market activity ] 2024 2023 IME Would E Guttook, October 2024, messy
Mi :conemic Outlook Undate, Jan .
Global oil consumation® J _102.9mmb/d] _102.0mmb/d* — € fefintiv Data Senvice (Dated Brent spot pice).
] a d IEA Oil Market Report, January 2025.
Global oil production’ [__102.9mmb/d{ —102.3mmb/d® — Fiatts Dutch TTF Dey Ahead price
Natural gas consumption’ ] 4,212bem| 4,097bem' —f IEAG: cot Report, Q1 2025,
Platts Henry Hub cash
Natural gas production’ [___490bem{ ___4.134bcm’—_ Weekdy Natural Gas Storage Report, EIA
‘average® ~ i EIA Short Term Energy Outlook, Appalachia and Haynesville regions.
Deted Brent e I $80.76/obI| $82.64/bo! j The RMM may not be representative of the margin achieved by bp ir
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) average” | _$75.87/bbI/ $77.67/ob) particular refinery configurations an crude and product slates. In
include estimat ri
Henry Hub average? | S2.19/mmetul _ $2.53/mmBtu Sutlook 2028 IRENA Stat, Wood Mack
7 additions are converted from DC to AC basis by dividing by ~1.2.
Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) * 34-4 euros per{ 40.5 euros per | wWoognac Lens; Hydrogen Project Pipeline data, October 2024.
average’ Mwh ($10.9/] wn (Siz | Wyeodie Lon
mmBtu) mmBtu)
Japan-Korea (Asian) LNG aver 11. 9/mmBt 1 8 and storage facilities).
spat rea (Asian) verage? | § ene tu] S13.6/mmBty © Refinitiv Data Service (West Texas Intermediate).
Refining marker margin! i] $17.7/bb1( $258/bbl_ _P Platts JKM spot price.

6 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

q This number is restated from the bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023'o reflect revisions made in

the IEA Oil Market Report, January 2025.
+ This number is restated from the bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023 to reflect revisions made in
the IEA Gas Market Report, Q1 2025.

Energy outlook

The bp Energy Outlook 2024 (2024 Outlook)
explores the trends and uncertainties
‘surrounding the energy transition out to 2050

The bp Energy Outlook helps inform bp's core
beliefs about the energy transition. The scenarios
within it explore the possible implications of
different judgements and assumptions
concerning the nature of the energy transition.
The uncertainty associated with the transition is
substantial, and these scenarios are not
predictions of what is likely to happen or what bp
would like to see happen. We use the output
from these scenarios to inform our strategic
thinking.

We published the 2024 Outlook in July 2024,
designed around two scenarios informed by
recent trends and developments in the global
energy system. The 2024 Outlook provides key
insights about how the energy system may
evolve over the next 25 years.

The two scenarios ~ Current Trajectory and Net
Zero (see Two scenarios to explore the energy
transition’, below) — explore the speed and shape
of the energy transition out to 2050 and help to
shape a resilient strategy for bp.

@ Read the bp Energy Outlook 2024
bp.com/enerqyoutlook

Anew theme discussed throughout the 2024
Outlook centres on the challenge of moving from
the current ‘energy addition’ phase of the energy
transition to an ‘energy substitution’ phase. In
this second phase, low carbon energy increases
sufficiently quickly to more than match increases
in global energy demand, allowing the
consumption of fossil fuels, and their associated
emissions, to decline.

Scenarios for strategic
decision making

We use scenarios to inform strategy, manage
risk, and improve decision making.

‘Some of the scenarios are based on climate and
other policies currently in force, and on current
global aims and pledges around the energy
transition. Other scenarios are based on
achieving a certain pace or degree of transition,
and consider how the energy system might
change to achieve that.

In thinking about appropriate scenarios to inform
our strategy, we used both approaches.

How scenarios inform our strategy

The use of scenarios described in the 2024
Outlook, and those from other organizations, aids
‘our understanding of the energy transition and
helps us to think about how different outcomes
might impact our strategy.

Two scenarios to explore the energy transition
Carbon emissions Gt of CO,¢*

Current Trajectory -O—

is designed to capture the broad pathway
along which the global energy systemis ~
currently travelling. It places weight on
climate policies already in force and on
global aims and pledges for future
decarbonization. At the same time, it also
recognizes the myriad challenges associated
with meétirig these aims. CO, equivalent
(CO;¢) emissions in Current Trajectory peak
in the mid-2020s and by 2050 are around
25% below 2022 levels

Net Zero—o—

explores how different elements of thee energy
system might change to achieve a substantial
reduction in carbon emissions. In that sense,
Net Zero can be viewed as a ‘what if scenario:
what elements of the energy system might
change, and how, if the world collectively
acts for, CQae emissions to fall hy arauind 05%
by 2050.

“History
45 5 > =
t
30 —
T
'
* : H =
'
o — = -
2000 ©2005 «= 201020182020 202520302085 2aay wus 7050

2 Carbon emissions include CO, emissions from energy use, industrial processes, natural 8 faring and methane erissons

from energy production.

+ See glossary on page 351

| Strategic report

The use of a broad range of scenarios to inform
our strategy supports our efforts to make it
robust and resilient to the range of uncertainty
we face.

By considering various time horizons we can
identify key milestones or signposts which might
emerge over the next five, 10 or 25 years and
inform our view of the key sources of uncertainty
affecting the global energy system.

We actively monitor for changes in the
external environment and refresh or review
the scenarios as needed in response to
these signals.

For the purposes of testing the resilience

of our strategy to the range of uncertainty in
the energy transition, we have used scenarios
drawn from other credible sources such as the
UN Principles for Responsible Investment (UN
PRI) and the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Read more on our resilience analysis and the
outcome of that work on page 50.

How we create scenarios

We quantify a range of scenarios in the 2024
Outlook using our global energy modelling
system. This comprises a suite of models to help
us understand the supply and demand dynamics
of the global energy system.

The modelling framework uses historical data
based on the Energy Institute's Statistical Review
of World Energy, the IEA's World Energy Balances
data and a range of other data sets.

Each scenario is determined by a set of key
assumptions, including population and economic
growth, pace of technological change, resource
constraints and government policies. These are
informed by expert analysis from external
organizations including the United Nations,
Oxford Economics and Rystad Energy. We
benchmark our scenativs against external
organizations including the IEA, the IPCC, and
S&P Global.

‘The modelling techniques used vary by sector
and include a combination of econometric
modelling. adaption curves and eansumer
choice modelling.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 7

Our strategy

Resetting strategy

Growing
upstream

Focusing
downstream

Disciplined investment in trans

Growing the upstream: our oil and gas business

We plan to increase investment to grow production while also growing cash
flow, in addition to disciplined expansion of biogas. Maintaining strong and
safe operations throughout.

Focusing the downstream: our customers and

products business

We are reshaping the portfolio to focus on markets and businesses where
we have advantaged and integrated positions. We have clear actions to.
drive improved performance, including addressing costs in our customers
business, and improving operations in refining

Investing with discipline in transition

We plan to invest with discipline: with selective investment in biogas,
biofuels and EV charging, where we see strong demand growth; adopting
innovative capitallight partnerships in renewables; and focusing investment
‘on hydrogen and carbon capture projects to support us in decarbonizing
our operations, and position us for growth through the next decade. We
now expect capital investment into transition businesses * to be between
$1.5-2.0 billion per year through 2027* - more than $5 billion lower per year
than our previous guidance. .

All while continuing to drive value through our distinctive strengths in trading, technology and partnerships.

Our primary targets

We have set out four primary targets that we will use to measure our progress and how we are improving
performance. These targets, alongside the guidance and financial frame (see page 18), support our reset.
Taken together, we believe our primary targets will underpin growth in the value of bp.

Adjusted free cash flow* growth | Net debt*

b | c
1>20% | }$14-18bn
| adjusted free cash flow compound annual |

a

| growth rate (CAGR)* from 2024-27 |

Sn

| Structural cost reduction *

| $4-5bn

| by end 2027

Return on average capital employed (ROACE) *

>16%

|

|

i |
by end 2027 |
i

|

2 Excludes deferred consideration for 2024 acquisition of bp bioenergy in 2025
 At$70/bbI Brent, $4/mmBtu Henry Hub, and $17/bbI refining marker margin, all 2024 rea

in 2027

¢ Potential proceeds from any transactions related to Castro! strategic review and announcement to bring a strategic partner into Lightsource bp will be allocated to reduce net debt.

8 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024

| Strategic report

2024 performance

On 26 February 2025 we announced a new strategy and retired our previous strategic pillars, together
with the associated strategic targets and aims.

To help stakeholders understand progress against our previous strategy in 2024, we have included the
following metrics reported under the previous strategy for the year ended 31 December here®. From
2025, we will report annually on our progress delivering the primary metrics shown on page 8.

Metrics TcFD 2024 2023 -
Upstream production | 2.4mmboe/d] 2.3mmboe/d
bp-operated upstream plant reliability & | 95.2% 95.0%
Upstream unit production costs * | $6.1 7fboe| : $5.78/boe
bp-operated refining availability | 94.3%| 96.1%
Biofuels production * | 35kb/d| 32kb/d
Biogas supply volumes #” | 2amboe/d| 22mboe/d
LNG portfoliox | 2aMtpa| 23Mtpa
Strategic convenience sites * | 2,950| 2,850
Electric vehicle charge points * | >39,000 >29,000
Hydrogen production (net) | -| -
Developed renewables to final investment decision * (net) | 8.2cw| 6.2GW
Installed renewables capacity * (net) | 4.ocw| 27GW

Key

‘TCFD TCFD Recommendations and
Recommended Disclosures

a In 2024 we revised our strategic targets and aims, retiring customer touchpoints per day.
b Conversion to mboe based on gasoline gallon equivalent (Immbtu = 8.04 gallons).

+ See glossary on page 351 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024 9

Consistency with the Paris goals

Pursuing a strategy that is consistent with the Paris goals

What we mean by Paris-consistent

The 2019 CA100+ resolution * requires us to
disclose the strategy that the board considers in
good faith to be consistent with the Paris goals

When we refer to ‘consistency with Paris’ we
consider this to mean consistency with the world
meeting the temperature goal set out in Articles
2.1(@) and 4.1 of the Paris Agreement on

Climate Change.

The Paris goals, which we support, were restated
in the Baku Climate Pact at COP29 in Baku in
November 2024.

We believe the world is on an unsustainable path,
and the carbon budget to meet the Paris goals is
running out.

bp's strategy is informed by these
considerations. It is designed to create long-term
value for shareholders, while enabling delivery of
our net zero ambition. It is tested for resilience to
the uncertainty of the energy transition across
many different potential pathways, including
various Paris-consistent pathways.

in the bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021 we
set out, based on three key principles, why the
board considers our strategy to be consistent
with the Paris goals. Here we set out, on the
same three grounds, why the board continues to.
consider this to be the case.

Informed by Paris-consistent energy
transition scenarios

The speed and nature of the energy transition are
uncertain, and so we consider a range of
scenarios from multiple sources including the bp
Energy Outlook 2024 to inform our beliefs about
the energy transition and to develop and test our
strategic thinking. This helps to reinforce our
confidence in the robustness and resilience of
our strategy to the range of uncertainty we face.

We are confident that our approach is science-
based, We see the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change (IPCC) as the most authoritative
‘source of information on the science of climate
change, and we use it and other sources to
inform our strategy. The IPCC highlights that
there are a range of global pathways by which
the world can meet the Paris goals, with differing
implications for regions, industry sectors and
sources of energy.

The bp Energy Outlook 2024 examined recent
developments and emerging trends in the global
energy system, exploring the key uncertainties
surrounding the energy transition. It included two
main scenarios - one of which, Net Zero, we
regard as Paris-consistent

Ce) Energy outlook page 7 and
bp.com/energyoutlook

Strategic resilience

We believe our strategy positions bp for success
and resilience in a Paris-consistent world - 2
world that is progressing on one of the many
global trajectories considered to be Paris-
Consistent, and ultimately meets the Paris goals.

The strategy diversifies bp's portfolio and
business interests, reducing the risk that
challenges facing a single business area might
adversely affect bp's strategic resilience.

In addition, within the inevitable constraints
associated with factors such as long-term capital
investments, contractual commitments and
organizational capabilities at any given time, bp's
ability to maintain its strategic resilience rests, in
part, on the governance used to keep the
strategy and associated targets and aims under
review in light of new information and changes

in circumstances.

In our climate-related financial disclosures on
page 50, we describe how we have conducted an
analysis to test our view of the resilience of our
strategy, based on the Capital Markets Update
presented on 26 February 2025, to different
climate-related scenarios. This includes some
scenarios that are classified by the World
Business Council for Sustainable Development
(WBCSD) to be consistent with well-below 2°C
and 1.5°C outcomes.

As further explained on page 51, while the results
of any such analysis must be treated with
caution overall, this resilience test again
reinforced our confidence in the continued
resilience of our strategy to a wide range of ways
in which the energy system could evolve
throughout this decade, including in scenarios
consistent with limiting temperature rise

to 1.5°C.

The analysis also again highlighted that, while
within the WBCSD scenarios lowest oil prices are
associated with 1.5°C scenarios, there is
considerable uncertainty - demonstrated by the
range within, and overlap between, the prices
indicated for each scenario family.

In the version of the WBCSD catalogue used for
the analysis, the lowest oil price is associated
with’a 1.5°C scenario; however a number of the
1.5°C and well-below 2°C scenarios have oil
prices in 2030 that are substantially higher than
these - and when compared to bp's own central
case oil price planning assumption for 2030, the
il price in a number of the well-below 2°C and
1.5°C scenarios is also higher.

Taking this into account, the analysis supported
our belief that our strategy is financially resilient
against the lowest prices associated with a
Paris-consistent world in the WBCSD catalogue.
This in turn supports our view that our strategy is
resilient to such a Paris-consistent world.

2 Our 2024 analysis used data from the WBCSD Climate Scenario Catalogue version 3.0, published on 16-05-2024 and downloaded on 13-11-2024

10 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2024