UTINnON

LYROA*

Hl

A0g 14/05/2026 #224
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

Strong performance -
building for the future

Our investor proposition Our primary targets

Asimpler, stronger and more

valuable bp, see page 19. Adjusted free cash flow* growth Net debt«
Our strategy >20%? $14-18bn
We are growing the upstream, adjusted free cash flow compound by end 2027
focusing the downstream and annual growth rate (CAGR)* from

2024-27

investing with discipline in
transition, see page 8.

Structural cost reduction* Return on average capital
$5 5 6 5bn> employed (ROACE)*
In-D. 0,
by end 2027 >16%?
in 2027

X

> Progress on our primary targets, page 8

Growing Focusing Disciplined investment
the upstream the downstream in transition

Image: Argos platform, US Image: bp retail site, London, UK Image: bp bioenergy, Brazil

a Thisis on a price adjusted basis that assumes a hypothetical price environment of $70/bbl Brent, $4/mmBtu Henry Hub, and $10.3/bbI refining indicator margin (all 2024 real) and assumptions
about the impact of these marker prices on underlying replacement cost profit before tax.

'b Following the outcome of the strategic review of Castrol, which resulted in the decision to divest a 65% shareholding, the $4-5 billion structural cost reduction target by end 2027. introduced
at the February 2025 Capital Markets Update, has increased.

Navigating this report

> Read more on another page of this report

[2 Read more online

Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD)

Information that supports TCFD
Recommendations and Recommended
Disclosures in relation to Metrics and Targets
is indicated with TCFD.

Glossary

Words and terms marked with * are defined
in the glossary on page 375.

More information

Ontine quick read

Aconcise summary of the bp Annual Report
and Form 20-F 2025, highlighting strategy
and performance information.

(7) bp.com/annualreport

Online reporting centre

Allour bp corporate reports, including
the bp Sustainability Report and the
bp Energy Outlook.

[2 bp.com/reportingcentre

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

———
Strategic report

Strategic report

‘About bp 2
Chairs letter 4
Interim chief executive officer's letter A
‘The operating environment 6
Energy outlook 7
Our strategy 8
Our strategy in action 9
Consistency with the Paris goals 10
Our business modet 12
Key performance indicators 1%
Our financial frame 18
Our investment process 20
Group performance 24
Gas & low carbon energy 28
Oil production & operations 31
Customers & products 34
Other businesses & corporate 36
Sustainability 37
Climate-related financial disclosures (TCFD) at
ur approach to sustainability 55
Risk management and internal control 60
Principal risks and uncertainties (Risk factors) 62
How we manage principal risks and uncertainties 67
‘Compliance information 7
Non-financial and sustainability information statement n
Section 172 statement ra
Corporate governance
Board of directors 73
Leadership team 76
Governance framework 7
Board activities 78
Our stakeholders 80
Key decisions 81
Safety and sustainability committee 82
Audit committee m
People, culture and governance committee 89
Remuneration committee 91
Directors’ remuneration report 91
Other disclosures 126
Directors’ statements 127
Financial statements
Consolidated financial statements of the bp group 129
Notes on the financial statements 160
Supplementary information on oil and natural gas (unaudited) 261
Parent company financial statements of 8P plc. 269
Additional disclosures 334

Shareholder information 364
Glossary 3758
Non-IFRS measure reconciliations
Signatures
Cross-reference to Form 20-F
Information about this report
Exhibits

; About bp ,

We operate at the heart of the
global energy system, helping
countries across the world with
their energy needs and serving
millions of customers every day.

Our purpose

Delivering energy to the world,
today and tomorrow.

Who we are

Our culture frame ‘Who we are’ defines what

we stand for at bp, building on our best qualities
and those things that are most important to us.
It comprises three simple beliefs that can inspire
each of us at bp to be our best every day: live
our purpose, play to win, care for others.

(7 bp.com/ourbeliefs .

Safety and sustainability

27 34.3MtCO>€

tier 1 and 2 process GHG emissions -

safety events* operational controt
(2024 38) (2024 33.6MtCO-€)

— > Read more on pages 55 and 37

a Onacombined basis of subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities.

2 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 + See glossary on page 375

Performance

$0.1bn

profit for the year attributable
to bp shareholders
(2024 $0.4bn)

$7.5bn

underlying replacement cost (RC) profit
(2024 $8.9bn)

23M

barrels of oil equivalent - oil and gas
production*
(2024 2.4m)

90%

proved reserves replacement ratio**
(2024 50%)

$6.28/boe

upstream unit production costs *
(2024 $6.17/boe)

96.1%

bp-operated upstream plant reliability «
(2024 95.2%)

96.3%

bp-operated refining availability*
(2024 94.3%)

Segment performance

At 31 December 2025, the group's reportable segments
were gas & low carbon energy, oil production &
operations and customers & products. Each is managed
separately, with decisions taken for the segment as a
whole, and represents a single operating segment that
does not result from aggregating two or more segments
(see Financial statements - Note 5).

Gas & low carbon energy*

Comprises our gas & low carbon energy businesses. Our gas
business includes regions with upstream activities that
predominantly produce natural gas, gas trading and our
Archaea Energy business. Our low carbon business includes
solar, offshore wind, hydrogen and carbon capture and storage
(CCS), and power trading, and until its divestment in December
2028 also included onshore wind. Power trading includes
trading of both renewable and non-renewable power.

$1.3bn $5.4bn

replacement cost (RC) profit underlying RC profit before
before interest and tax” interest and tax*
(2024 $3.1bn*) (2024 $6.8bn)

— Segment performance, page 28

Oll production & operations*

Comprises regions with upstream activities that predominantly
produce crude oil, including bpx energy.

$8.6bn $9.4bn

RC profit before interest underlying RC profit before
and tax interest and tax
(2024 $10.8bn) (2024 $11.9bn)

—> Segment performance, page 31

Strategic report

Customers & products

Comprises customer-focused businesses, which include
convenience and retail fuels, EV charging, as well as Castrol,
aviation, B2B, midstream and bp bioenergy. It also comprises
our products businesses which include refining and oil trading

$4.1bn $5.3bn

RC profit before interest underlying RC profit before
and tax? interest and tax
{2024 lnas $01 O)hn*) (2024 $2.5bn)

—> Segment performance, page 34

XQ S

Other businesses & corporate

Comprises technology: bp ventures; shipping; our corporate
activities and functions; and any residual costs of the Gulf of

$(40)m $(0.6)bn

RC loss before interest
interest and tax

and tax
(2024 loss $(1.0)bn) (2024 loss $(0.6)bn)

—> Segment performance, page 36

Image: Colleagues at our Houston headquarters, US

a The Azerbaljan-Georgia-Tarkiye and Middle East and North Africa (MENA) regions have been further subdivided by asset.

'b IFRS requires that the measure of profit or loss disclosed for each operating segment is the measure that is provided regularly to the chief operating decision maker. For bp, this measure of profit
‘or loss is replacement cost profit before interest and tax, which reflects the replacement cost of inventories sold in the period and is arrived at by excluding inventory holding gains and losses
from profit before interest and tax. Replacement cost profit for the group is not a recognized measure under IFRS. For further information see Financial statements - Note.

¢ Restated for material items to reflect the move of our Archaea Energy business from the customers & products segment to the gas & low carbon energy segment.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

Chair's letter

Dear shareholders,

bp is one of the world's great energy
companies, with a strong team, high quality
assets and distinctive strengths in key
business areas. | was honoured to be
appointed as chair in 2025, joining a company
that is making progress on a reset strategy,
albeit with challenges to overcome. With the
environment in which we operate continuing
to be shaped by geopolitical uncertainty and
complex market dynamics, we need to
accelerate delivery, reduce complexity and
increase our financial resilience in order to
realise the full value of the business for
shareholders.

Appointment of Meg O'Neill

One of my first tasks, working with fellow
board members, was to identify an
outstanding leader to take the company
forward. Murray Auchincloss stepped down in
December 2025 after more than three
decades of service to bp, the last five as a
member of our board, first as chief financial
officer and then as chief executive. | would like
to thank him for his contribution and
commitment to bp.

in December 2025 we appointed Meg O'Neill
as chief executive who will join bp on 1 April
2026. Meg's track record of driving
transformation and growth with disciplined
capital allocation makes her the right leader
for bp as we pursue significant strategic and
financial opportunities. And her relentless
focus on business improvement and financial
discipline gives us high confidence in her
ability to shape the company for its next phase
of growth.

4 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

Safety and performance in 2025

The board plays a critical role in monitoring the
organization's culture and setting the tone
from the top. This is particularly important on
safety. Employees and contractors at bp face a
complex range of risks across the business.
Sadly in 2025, four colleagues working in bp’s
US retail operations lost their lives. On behalf
of the board, | would like to extend our sincere
condolences to their families, friends and
colleagues.

Safety will always be the board's highest
priority. That's why we continue to work with
the leadership team to ensure every incident is
thoroughly investigated and the lessons
learned are applied.

On process safety, | commend the teams that
contributed to a decrease in serious process
safety events of about one third, compared
with 2024.

Ongoing improvement in safety is the
foundation for strong operational
performance. In 2025 the teams set new
records for plant reliability on the upstream
side of the business and availability in refining.

Strategic progress was also strong with seven
major projects delivered in the year and
significant exploration success, including the
world's largest offshore discovery. Carol
provides more detail on safety and
performance in her letter overleaf.

Governance

In early 2025 the board's focus moved from
the resetting of strategy to overseeing
disciplined performance and the delivery of
our four primary financial targets. Together
with Meg O'Neill's appointment, the board's
composition and capability have been further
strengthened during 2025 deepening its
expertise in key strategic areas: oil and gas,
disciplined capital allocation and the oversight
of performance and risk.

Our governance framework remains a
foundation for delivering sustainable
long-term value for shareholders. That
framework has also evolved, recognizing the
changing needs of the business and external
developments, including the implementation
of provision 29 of the UK Corporate
Governance Code, relating to risk
management and internal control. And it will
continue to evolve, informed by a further
review, to ensure the framework and the board
that oversees it are best placed for the bp we
want to be, rather than the bp we have been
over recent years.

+ See glossary on page 375 oy

Engagement with stakeholders remained a
priority in 2025. On joining the board, | initiated
an extensive dialogue with our largest
shareholders, complemented by a continued
focus by the board on workforce engagement.

More to do

Over the course of 2026, you will see bp taking
concerted action to strengthen the company
and position it to grow and deliver sustainable
value for the long term. One such step was the
board's decision earlier this year to suspend
the share buyback and fully allocate excess
cash to our balance sheet. And you will see bp
continue to take action to simplify and high-
grade the portfolio, reduce the cost base and
make disciplined investments in the best and
highest-returning opportunities. Most
importantly, you will see the board supporting
a management team focused on growing cash
flow and returns.

A better bp

l offer my thanks to the bp teams, whose
dedication, skill and determination continue to
shine through, no matter the challenge. And
thank you to you, bp’s owners, for your
guidance and your trust. The board and | will
continue to actively engage with you and
communicate with increasing clarity and
transparency. With your support we can and
will become a stronger bp. One that is more
sustainable in every way, especially in the
creation of value for shareholders.

Mat oi

Albert Manifold
Chair
6 March 2026

Interim chief executive officer's letter

Dear fellow shareholders,

As interim CEO, | want to thank our teams for
their outstanding commitment through a
period of transition for bp. Operational
performance in 2025 was consistently strong
and we made significant progress following
the resetting of our strategy.

Our new chair, Albert Manifold, has set us a
challenge to fulfil bp’s true potential - and
know the team will rise to this. We're focused,
we're in action, we're determined to make bp
the strongest it can be, and we took forward to
welcoming Meg O'Neill as CEO in April 2026.

Safety comes first

Tragically, in 2025, four people died while
working in our US retail business. Three were
employees in our TravelCenters of America
business. Two of them were killed in separate
incidents where they were struck by passing
vehicles as they carried out emergency
roadside assistance, highlighting the complex
range of risks faced across our business. In
response, this service on active highways has
been permanently withdrawn to protect our
employees. The fourth was a contractor, in our
Thorntons business. Our thoughts are with
their families, friends and colleagues.

In the high-hazard industry we work in, nothing
is more important than safety. We seek to
learn from every incident, no matter how big or
small - and we expect everyone in bp to work
safely. On process safety, we made strong
progress, with 29% fewer combined tier 1 and 2
process safety events * in 2025, but we have
much more to do.

a Underlying RC profit for the group is anon-|

Itis important to say that safety is more than
robust controls and systems. It is also about
having a culture where every decision reflects
care in our work ~ and care for others. Day:in,
day out, we must continue to work towards our
goat: eliminating fatalities, life-changing
injuries and the most serious process safety
incidents.

Financial and operating performance

In 2025 we delivered a strong underlying
financial performance with an underlying RC
profit* of $7.5 billion*, despite a weaker price
environment, and operating cash flow* of
$24.5 billion.

We also had a strong operational performance
across bp.

In 2025 we:

+ Delivered record upstream plant
reliability * and refining availability*,
with both above 96%.

+ Produced 2.3 million barrels of oil and gas
a day, beating our guidance at the start
of 2025.

+ Started up seven major projects* safely,
five ahead of schedule.

+ Made 12 discoveries - including bp’s
biggest offshore discovery in 25 years,
Bumerangue in Brazil.

+ Increased our proved reserves replacement
ratio* to 90% - up from an average of
around 50% in the previous two years.

Strategic progress

We took decisive action to high-grade our

portfolio and strengthen our company in 2025,

including our $20 billion disposal programme

and the subsequent decision to suspend the
share buyback and fully allocate excess cash*

‘to our balance sheet. These are choices

designed to position us for long-term growth.

We also made progress on our four primary
targets, increasing adjusted free cash flow* by
around 55%" in 2025 and returns (ROACE *)
to around 14%, both on an adjusted price
basis. We reduced net debt * to $22.2 billion’
and made progress strengthening our balance
sheet, achieving $2.8 billion? of our $4-5 billion
structural cost reduction * target, which we
have now increased to $5.5-6.5 billion”.

In addition, we have announced or completed
over $11 billion of divestments in the first year.

RS measure and its nearest IFRS equivalent measure is profit for the year attributable to bp sharet

—
Strategic report

Looking forward and thanks

bp is a great company with huge potential. We
have outstanding technology and engineering
skills, excellent resources and exceptional
global partnerships. And, most of all, we have
brilliant people whose performance across the
year was key to producing strong results.

It is an honour to represent bp as interim CEO,
and the leadership team and | look forward to
the year ahead. My deepest thanks go to our
teams, our partners and our owners. We are
grateful for your support and your challenge,
and together, under Meg's leadership, we will
make bp go from strength to strength.

(45\ HoSke

Carol Howle
Interim chief executive officer
6 March 2026

Nearest IFRS-equivalent
measures

$0.1bn

profit for 2025 attributable to bp
shareholders®

(10)%

Operating cash flow less total
capital expenditure * in 2025 vs
2024°¢

0.1%

profit for 2025 attributable to bp
shareholders divided by total
equity at 31 December 2025°%

$58.0bn

finance debt at the end of 2025°

b Thisis on a price adjusted basis and is assuming a hypothetical price environment of $70/bbl Brent. $4/mmBtu Henry Hub, and $10.3/bbI refining indicator margin (all 2024 real) and
assumptions about the impact of these marker prices on underlying replacement cost profit before tax.

© Adjusted free cash flow on a price adjusted basis is a non-IFRS measure. The nearest IFRS equivalent measures to calculate adjusted free cash flow on a price adjusted basis CAGR are net cash
provided by operating activities of $24.5 billion for 2025 and $27.3 billion for 2024 and total cash capital expenditure of $14.5 billion for 2025 and $16.2 billion for 2024, A reconciliation is provided

on page 387.

oa

This does not form part of bp’s Annual Report and Form 20-F as filed with the SEC.
ROACE on a price adjusted basis is a non-IFRS measure. The nearest IFRS measures of the numerator and denominator are profit for 2026 attributable to bp shareholders of $0.1 billion and total

equity at the end of 2025 of $74.0 billion respectively. A reconciliation is provided on page 385.

on

Areconciliation is provided on page 386.

>

the February 2025 Capital Markets Update, has increased.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

‘Net debt is anon-IFRS measure and its nearest IFRS equivalent measure is finance debt at the end of 2025. See Note 27 for more information.
Cumulative structural cost reduction since 2023, of which $2 billion in 2025 and $750 million in 2024, Structural cost reduction is decreases in underlying operating expenditures.

Following the outcome of the strategic review of Castrol, which resulted in the decision to divest a 65% shareholding, the $4-S billion structural cost reduction target by end 2027, introduced at

Energy markets ,

The imbalance weighed on prices, with Dated
Brent averaging $69/bbl in 2025, down from
$81/bbl in 2024°. OECD commercial
inventories grew by 3% over the course of the
year, compared to a 1% fall last year®.
Significant government stockpiling in China of
around 550kb/d in 2Q25 and 3Q25 absorbed
some of the supply/demand imbalance, and
there was also an increase in the amount of oil
being held in tankers at sea, which reached
2,006mmb, 232mmb higher than the five-year
average, as sanctioned Russian and Iranian
barrels were held off the market®.

The operating environment

bp operates across volatile energy markets.
Here we discuss broader economic trends
we have observed that influence our sector
as a whole.

The world economy grew by around 3.3%? in
2025, stronger than had been expected in April
2025°. Growth rates varied across economies,
with US GDP estimated to have grown by 2.1%,
while the eurozone economy expanded by only
1.4%, China's growth in 2025 is estimated to
have been 5%°, achieving the government
‘around 5% target. Natural gas

In the US, Henry Hub (HH) gas prices
rebounded to their highest level since 2022"
due to a 26%9 year-on-year increase in LNG
export demand and colder-than-normal start
to the year. Higher gas prices supported a
recovery in drilling activity in non-associated
(dry) shale plays which, combined with well
productivity gains, increasing gas-to-oil ratios
in the Permian, and increased pipeline
connectivity, meant that gas production grew
by 4%8, reaching record high levels.

Outside of North America, global gas demand
grew by less than 1% in 2025". TTF and JKM
increased 9%! and 3% respectively. A further
reduction in Russian supply to the EU at the
onset of 2025 contributed to the higher gas
prices, reducing gas demand growth in Asia in
particular. LNG supply from new liquefaction
Projects ramped up through the year and
drove a near 7%" increase in global LNG
production.

Inflation continued to ease globally, moving
closer to central banks’ target levels in most
major economies. This disinflationary trend
allowed several central banks, including the
US Federal Reserve and the European
Central Bank, to cut interest rates. In the
case of the Federal Reserve, further rate
cuts are expected in 2026, based on financial
market pricing.

Oil

Oil prices trended lower during 2025,
amid strong supply and relatively weak
demand growth.

Non-OPEC+ supply grew by 1.8mmb/d° in
2028, led by offshore projects, oil sands, tight
oil and NGLs, mostly from the Americas.
OPEC+ supply grew by 1.3mmb/d* in 2025,
largely due to unwinding of production cuts
from OPEC+8, especially Saudi Arabia. That
steadily increasing supply meant that global
oil supply is estimated to have been 3mmb/d*_—- Refining indicator margin
higher over the year as a whole than in 2024.
That contrasted with demand growth of only
0.8mmb/d, taking demand to 104mmb/d, and
leading to a supply/demand imbalance of
around 2.2mmb/d over the year as a whole®.

We have updated the metric used to track the
refining margin environment to the refining
indicator margin (RIM)x. After a weak 1Q25,
RIM increased over the rest of the year,
supported by lower crude prices, relatively
resilient product demand, tight product
inventories and unplanned capacity outages
and disruptions. RIM averaged $12.8/bbl over
2025 as a whole, up $2.1/bbl (19%) from

its average level in 2024",

Market activity | 2025{ 2024
Global oil consumption® | 104.0mmb/d| 103.2mmb/d
Global oil production® I 106.2mmb/d| 103.1mmb/d
Natural gas consumption" | 4,286bem| 4,251bem
Natural gas production” i] 4,264bcm| 4224bcm
Dated Brent average l $69.10/bb1| $80.76/bbI
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) * average? if $64.87/bb1| $75.87/bb1
Henry Hub average! | $3.52/mmBtul $2.19/mmBtu
Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) * average! 36.2 Euros per MWh| 34.4 Euros per MWh

($11.9/mmBtu) ($10.9/mmBtu)
Japan-Korea (Asian) LNG average! | $12.2/mmBtul $11.9/mmBtu
Refining indicator margin** ] $12.8/bbI{ $10.7/obl

6 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 * See glossary on page 375

Power and renewables

Electricity demand growth continued to
outpace total energy demand growth, driven
by increasing electrification in China and by
growing prosperity and industrialization in
emerging economies. Growing demand from
data centres looks set to increase electricity
demand materially in the coming years,
particularly in the US.

Total solar and wind capacity additions in 2025
are estimated to have exceeded 600GW,
breaking the previous record set in 2024".
Bioenergy growth also maintained
momentum, supported by resilient demand
for liquid biofuels in road transport. rising
biomethane output, and a growing pipeline

of announced sustainable aviation fuel

(SAF) capacity.

Hydrogen and carbon capture
and storage

Persistent high costs and the slow pace of
enabling policy continued to challenge the
decarbonization of many harder-to-abate
processes, including through technologies
‘such as low carbon hydrogen and

carbon capture.

The project pipeline for production of low
carbon hydrogen has contracted recently

and only around 4Mtpa’is either currently
operational or under construction. Growth of
the global carbon capture and storage project
pipeline stowed significantly in 2025.
Operational and under-construction projects
have now reached just over 100Mtpa’ in

total capacity.

‘a IMF World Economic Outlook update, January 2026, measured
ona Purchasing Power Parity basis.

IMF World Economic Outlook. April 2025, measured on a
Purchasing Power Parity basis,

IEA Oil Market Report, January 2026.

LSEG Data Management Solution (Dated Brent spot price).

IEA Monthly Oit Data Service, January 2026.

‘S&P Global Energy Platts Henry Hub spot price.

EIA Short-term Energy Outlook, January 2026.

IEA Gas Market Report, Q1-2026.

‘S&P Global Energy Platts Dutch TTF day ahead price.

‘S&P Global Energy Platts KM spot price.

bp has retired the refining marker margin (RMM) and replaced it
with the bp refining indicator margin (RIM). The bp RIM reflects a
broader set of crudes and products, and is more representative
of bp's refining portfolio and realized refining margin per barrel
‘Actual margins realized by bp may vary due to a variety of
factors, including the actual mix of crude and product for a
given quarter.

IEA Renewable Energy Progress Tracker. PV capacity additions
are converted from DC to AC basis.

m IEA Global Hydrogen Review, September 2025.

1 GCCSI Global Status of CCS 2025, October 2025.

‘© LSEG Data Management Solution (West Texas Intermediate).

o

x--ye7000

Energy outlook

The bp Energy Outlook 2025 (2025 Outlook)
explores the trends and uncertainties
surrounding the energy transition out to 2050.

The 2025 Outlook helps inform bp's views of
the risks and opportunities posed by the
energy transition. The scenarios within it
explore the possible implications of different
judgements and assumptions concerning the
nature of the energy transition. The uncertainty
associated with the transition is substantial,
and these scenarios are not predictions of
what is likely to happen or what bp would like
to see happen. We use the output from these
scenarios to help inform our strategic thinking.

We published the 2025 Outlook in September
2025, designed around two scenarios
informed by recent trends and developments
in the global energy system. The 2025 Outlook
provides key insights about how the energy
system may evolve over the next 25 years.

The two scenarios - Current Trajectory and
Below 2°C (see Two scenarios to explore the
energy transition’, below) - explore the speed
and shape of the energy transition out to 2050
and help to inform a resilient strategy for bp.

Anew section in the 2025 Outlook uses
sensitivity analysis to discuss several key
issues affecting the energy transition,
including the possible implications of
increased geopolitical fragmentation and
sustained weakness in energy efficiency. Each
sensitivity analysis examined possible impacts
‘on the global energy system.

Scenarios for strategic
decision making

We use scenarios to inform strategy. manage
risk, and improve decision making.

Some of these scenarios are based on climate
and other policies currently in force, and on
current global aims and pledges around the
energy transition. Other scenarios are based
‘on achieving a certain pace or degree of
transition, and consider how the energy
system might change to achieve that.

In thinking about appropriate scenarios to
inform our strategy, we use both approaches.

How scenarios inform our strategy

The use of scenarios described in the 2025
Outlook, and those from other organizations,
aids our understanding of the energy
transition and helps us to think about how
different outcomes might impact our strategy.

Two scenarios to explore the energy transition
Carbon emissions Gt CO2e*

Current Trajectory —O—

is designed to capture the broad pathway
along which the global cnergy system is
currently travelling. It places weight on climate
policies already in force and on global aims
and pledges for future decarbonization. At the
same time, it recognizes the myriad
challenges associated with meeting these
aims. CO, equivatent (COze) emissions in
Current Trajectory peak in the mid-2020s and
by 2050 are around 25% below 2023 levels.

48

Below 2° —O-

explores how different elements of the eneray
system might change to achieve a substantial
reduction in carbon emissions (a net 90% fall
in CO,e emissions by 2050). It assumes a
significant tightening of climate policies
alongside shifts in societal behaviour and
preferences, which together support more
rapid adoption of low carbon energy alongside
faster gains in energy efficiency.

History

2000 2005 «= 201020152020

2025

2030 2035 «= 2040 2045 2050

a Carbon emissions include CO, emissions from energy use, industrial processes. natural gas flaring and methane

‘emissions from energy production.

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

Strategic report

The use of a broad range of scenarios to
inform our strategy supports our efforts to
make it robust and resilient to the range of
uncertainty we face.

By considering various time horizons we can
identify key milestones or signposts which
might emerge over the next five, 10 or 25 years
and inform our view of the key sources of
uncertainty affecting the global energy system.

We actively monitor changes in the
external environment and refresh or review
the scenarios as needed in response to
these signals.

For the purposes of testing the resilience

of our strategy to the range of uncertainty in
the energy transition, we have used scenarios
drawn from other credible sources such as the
International Energy Agency (IEA), the Network
for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) and
the UN Principles for Responsible Investment
(UN PRI) to compile a catalogue of scenarios
(our Transition Scenario Catalogue*). These
include some scenarios considered by these
data providers to be consistent with 1.5°C and
well-below 2°C.

Read more on the Transition Scenario
Catalogue, our resilience analysis and the
‘outcome of that work on page 49.

How we create scenarios

We quantify the scenarios in the 2025 Outlook
using our global energy modelling system.
This comprises a suite of models to help us
understand the supply and demand dynamics
of the global energy system.

The modelling framework uses historical data
based on the Energy Institute's Statistical
Review of World Energy, the IEA’s World
Energy Balances data and a range of other
data sets.

Each scenario is determined by a set of key
assumptions, including population and
economic growth, pace of technological
change, resource constraints and government
policies, These are informed by expert analysis
from external organizations including the
United Nations, Oxford Economics and Rystad
Energy. We benchmark our scenarios against
external organizations including the IEA, the
IPCC, and S&P Global

The modelling techniques used vary by sector
and include a combination of econometric
modelling, adoption curves and consumer
choice modelling.

[7 bp Energy Outlook 2025
bp.com/energyoutlook

Our strategy

Our strategy helps bp compete and grow value as energy demand evolves and continues to grow,
all in service of growing shareholder value and returns.

Growing Focusing
upstream downstream

Disciplined investment in transition

Growing the upstream: our oil and gas business Investing with discipline in transition

We are growing upstream production and cash flow through disciplined _ We are investing with discipline: with selective investment in biogas,

investment. We have a deep upstream resource base, and combined biofuels and EV charging, where we see strong demand growth;

with disciplined investment criteria, we are well positioned to deliver adopting innovative capital-light partnerships in renewables; and

medium and long-term organic growth. focusing investment on hydrogen and carbon capture projects to
support us in decarbonizing our operations, and position us for

Focusing the downstream: growth through the next decade.

ducts busi
our customers and products business All while continuing to drive value through our

We continue to reshape the portfolio to focus on markets and businesses distinctive strengths in trading, technology
where we have advantaged and integrated positions. We are taking clear

actions to drive improved performance, including addressing costs in our nd partnerships.

customers business, and improving operations in refining

f
Progress on our primary targets Nearest |
We use four primary targets to measure our progress and how we are improving performance. These targets, IFRS-equivalent |
alongside the guidance and financial frame (see page 18), support our strategy. Taken together, we believe
our primary targets will underpin growth in the value of bp. Our progress in 2025 is set out below: measures
i
Primary targets 2025 2025 on a price Targets 2025 H
adjusted basis iq i
Adjusted free cash 25% ~+55% >20%° 10% i
flow growth* {from 2024-25) (from 2024-25) ‘compound annual growth rate operating cash flow * less total !
from 2024-27 capital expenditure * from
2026-25
Net debt $22.2bn* n/a $14-18bn $58.0bn¢
byend 2027 finance debt
‘Structural cost $2.8bn° n/a $5.5-6.5bn‘ n/a 1
reduction® (cumulative since 2023) by end 2027
Return on average capital 13.9%3 ~14%9 >16% 0.1%
employed (ROACE)* in 2027 profit for 2025 attributable to bp
shareholders divided by total
equity at 31 December 2025
\ /

‘This does not form part of bp’s Annual Report and Form 20-F as filed with the SEC.
b Adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow on a price adjusted basis are non-IFRS measures. The nearest IFRS equivalent measures to calculate adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free

‘cash flow on a price adjusted basis CAGR are net cash provided by operating activities of $245 billion for 2025 and $27.3 billion for 2024 and totat cash capital expenditure of $14.5 billion for 2025
and $162 bitlion for 2024. A reconciliation is provided on page 387.

¢ Thisis ona price adjusted basis that assumes a hypothetical price environment of $70/bbI Brent, $4/mmBtu Henry Hub, and $10.3/bbI refining indicator margin (all 2024 real) and assumptions
about the impact of these marker prices on underlying replacement cost profit before tax.

Net debt is a non-IFRS measure. The nearest IFRS equivalent measure is finance debt at the end of 2025, See Note 27 for more information.

e Cumulative structural cost reduction since 2023, of which $2 bilion in 2025 and $750 million in 2024, Structural cost reduction is decreases in underlying operating expenditures. A reconciliation
is provided on page 386.

£ Following the outcome of the strategic review of Castrol. which resulted in the decision to divest a 65% shareholding, the $4-5 billion structural cost reduction target by end 2027, introduced at
the February 2025 Capital Markets Update, has increased.

@ Return on average capital employed (ROACE) and ROACE on a price adjusted are non-IFRS measures. The nearest IFRS measures of the numerator and denominator are profit for 2025
attributable to bp shareholders of $0.1 billion and total equity at the end of 2025 of $74.0 billion respectively. A reconciliation is provided on page 385.

8 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 + See glossary on page 375

Our strategy in action

7

Growing
upstream

In 2025 we advanced our upstream strategy
and delivered seven major project start-ups,
five of which were ahead of schedule. Start-ups
included GTA, in Mauritania and Senegal, Cypre
in Trinidad and Murlach in the UK North Sea. We
also announced 12 discoveries, including
Bumerangue in Brazil, our largest exploration
discovery in 25 years, plus further finds in Brazil,
Egypt. the Gulf of America, Libya and Trinidad,
as well as discoveries in Namibia and Angola
through Azule Energy, our 50:50 joint venture
with Eni.

In upstream oil and gas production, we achieved
our best wells reliability in years at 98% and

a record full-year plant reliability at >96%

Our proved reserves replacement ratio* was
90% - up from an average of around 50% in the
Prior two years.

Focusing
downstream

2025 was also a strong year for the downstream,
delivering a significant step up in performance.
We achieved around $1 billion in cumulative
structural cost reductions (2024-25) and
sustained refinery availability * above 96%,
strengthening commercial performance across
refining, trading, midstream and fuels.
Customers reported its highest underlying RC
profit before interest and tax* since 2019, with
growth across all businesses.

‘As we continue streamlining our portfolio, in
2025 we reached an agreement to sell a 65%

In April we announced a Miocene oil discovery at
the Far South prospect in Green Canyon Block
584, 120 miles off the coast of Louisiana. Drilled
to 23,830 feet in 4,092 feet of water, the
discovery signals potentially commercial
volumes and helps to strengthen our

upstream portfolio.

In August we announced the start-up of the
Argos Southwest Extension project, seven
months ahead of schedule. From appraisal to
first oil, the project was developed in about 25
months - a record for bp. Argos has a gross
production capacity of up to 140,000 barrels of
oil per day (boe/d).

In December the development programme for
the Karabagh field in the Caspian Sea, offshore
Azerbaijan, was approved by the management
committee (joint venture) and subsequently by
State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic
(SOCAR) as the State representative. Seismic
acquisition commenced thereafter.

We also completed the divestment of the
Culzean gas field in the UK North Sea to NEO
Next in December.

Image: Argos Southwest Extension project, US
> Read more on page 28-33

stake in Castrol, completed the sale of the
Netherlands mobility, convenience and bp pulse
businesses, and announced plans to sell the
Gelsenkirchen refinery and the Austria retail
business.

As part of our broader retail network high-
grading programme, in 2025 we exited around
5% of our company owned retail sites *,
supporting our plan to exit around 10% by 2027.
In EV charging, we are focusing investment on
four core markets and utilising our retail
network to maximise returns.

Image: Rotterdam refinery, Netherlands

> Read more on page 34

Disciplined
investment in
transition

We focused our low carbon energy portfolio in
2025, prioritizing investment choices that deliver
value for shareholders.

We formed JERA Nex bp, a 50:50 offshore wind
joint venture between JERA and bp. The new
joint venture brings together each parties’
complementary expertise for a balanced mix of
operating assets and development projects.

We sold our US onshore wind business to
LS Power. And we continued to manage the
pace of investment in biogas and refine and
high-grade our hydrogen and carbon, capture
and storage (CCS) portfolio. This included
decisions not to progress H2Teesside and to
end participation in projects in Oman, Australia
and the US Gulf Coast. In 2025 we focused on
delivering four sanctioned projects in 2024:
Lingen green hydrogen project. Castellén
green hydrogen project, the Northern
Endurance Partnership (NEP), and Net Zero
Teesside Power (NZT) - and the UCC project

in Indonesia,

> Read more on page 28

bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

Strategic report

Delivering operational value

From predictive analytics to seismic imaging,
we are applying technological solutions to
deliver operational value. In our upstream,
technology has helped to lift plant reliability
to 96.1%. Advances in seismic imaging are
helping us explore more accurately,
contributing to one of our best recorded
years for exploration with 12 new discoverie:
including through our joint ventures. And
digital tools such as our asset and wells
trajectory optimizer (AWTO) help plan safe
routes from the surface to the reservoir in
days instead of weeks or months

Digital-led marketing
transformation

As part of our global marketing
transformation programme, we
consolidated 19 digital platforms into
six and activated a global marketing and
communications hub in Mumbai in 2025.
The programme also includes deploying
Al-driven technology to develop investment
insights in more than 40 markets and
tools to support segmentation and
personalization. These changes have
helped to streamline operations,
accelerate delivery, and strengthen
customer engagement.

Consistency with the Paris goals

Pursuing a strategy that is consistent
with the Paris goals

What we mean by Paris-consistent

The 2019 CA100+ resolution * requires us
to disclose the strategy that the board
considers in good faith to be consistent
with the Paris goals.

When we refer to ‘consistency with Paris’ we
consider this to mean consistency with the
world meeting the temperature goal set out in
Articles 2.1(a) and 4.1 of the Paris Agreement on
Climate Change*.

The Paris goals, which we support, were
restated in the Global Mutirao at COP30 in
Belém in November 2025.

We believe the world is on an unsustainable
path, and the carbon budget to meet the Paris
goals is running out.

bp’s strategy is informed by these
considerations. It is designed to create long-
term value for shareholders, while enabling
delivery of our net zero ambition. It is tested
for resilience to the uncertainty of the energy
transition across many different potential
pathways, including various Paris-consistent
pathways.

In the bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2021
we Set out. based on three key principles, why
the board considers our strategy to be
consistent with the Paris goals. Here we set
out, on the same three grounds, why the board
continues to consider this to be the case.

Informed by Paris-consistent energy
transition scenarios

The speed and nature of the energy transition
are uncertain, and so we consider a range of
scenarios from multiple sources including the
bp Energy Outlook 2025 (see page 7) to.
develop and test our strategic thinking. This
helps to reinforce our confidence in the
robustness and resilience of our strategy to
the range of uncertainty we face.

We are confident that our approach is science
based. We see the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change (IPCC) as the most
authoritative source of information on the
science of climate change, and we use it and
other sources such as the IEA World Energy
Outlook to inform our strategy. The IPCC
highlights that there are a range of global
pathways by which the world can meet the
Paris goals, with differing implications for
regions, industry sectors and sources

of energy.

Strategic resilience

We believe our strategy positions bp for
success and resilience in a Paris-consistent
world - a world that is progressing on one of
the many global trajectories considered to be
Paris-consistent, and ultimately meets the
Paris goals.

The strategy diversifies bp's portfolio and
business interests, reducing the risk that
challenges facing a single business area might
adversely affect bp’s strategic resilience.

In addition, within the inevitable constraints
associated with factors such as long-term
capital investments, contractual commitments
and organizational capabilities at any given
time, bp’s ability to maintain its strategic
resilience rests, in part, on the governance
used to keep the strategy and associated
targets and aims under review in light of new
information and changes in circumstances.

In our climate-related financial disclosures on
page 49, we describe how we have conducted
an analysis to test our view of the resilience of
our strategy, based on the Capital Markets
Update presented on 26 February 2025 (and
the financial frame presented with bp’s fourth-
quarter and full-year 2025 results on 10
February 2026), to different climate-related
scenarios.

For the purposes of testing the resilience

of our strategy to the range of uncertainty in
the energy transition, we have used scenarios
drawn from other credible sources such as the
International Energy Agency (IEA), the Network
for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) and
the UN Principles for Responsible Investment
(UN PRI) to compile a catalogue of scenarios
(our Transition Scenario Catalogue*). These
include scenarios considered by these data
providers to be consistent with well-below 2°C.
and 1.5°C outcomes?

As further explained on page 50, while the
results of any such analysis must be treated
with caution overall, this resilience test agai
reinforced our confidence in the continued
resilience of our strategy to a wide range of
ways in which the energy system could evolve
throughout this decade, including in scenarios
consistent with limiting temperature rise

to 15°C.

The analysis also again hightighted that, while
within the Transition Scenario Catalogue
lowest oil prices are associated with 1.5°C
scenarios, there is considerable uncertainty -
demonstrated by the range within, and overlap
between, the prices indicated for each
scenario family.

In the Transition Scenario Catalogue used for
the analysis, while the lowest oil price is
associated with a 1.5°C scenario, a number of
the 1.5°C and well-below 2°C scenarios have oil
prices in 2030 that are substantially higher
than this - and when compared to bp's own
central case oil price planning assumption for
2030, the oil price in a number of the well-
below 2°C and 1.5°C scenarios is also higher.

Taking this into account, the analysis
supported our belief that our strategy is
financially resilient against the lowest prices
associated with a Paris-consistent world in the
Transition Scenario Catalogue. This in turn
supports our view that our strategy is resilient
to such a Paris-consistent world.

a Our 2025 analysis used data from our Transition Scenario Catalogue* which is based on the WBCSD Climate Scenario Catatogue version 3.0, published on 16-05-2026 and downloaded on
13-11-2024, with updates made for scenario updates subsequently published by relevant underlying data providers - such as IEA UN PRI and NGFS. For more details on this see page 54.

10 bp Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025

+ See glossary on page 375