BETA Close X BP PLC has unanimously decided to remove Albert Manifold as Chair and Director with immediate effect due to serious concerns regarding governance standards, oversight, and conduct. Ian Tyler has been appointed Interim Chair, and the company reaffirms its strategic direction and commitment to strong operational performance and financial discipline under CEO Meg O'Neill. A succession process for a permanent Chair will be initiated. Disclaimer* BP PLC 26 May 2026 bp Chair removed The Board of BP p.l.c. (LSE and NYSE: bp) ("bp") announces that it has today unanimously decided that Albert Manifold should no longer serve as Chair and Director with immediate effect. This follows serious concerns raised to the Board related to important governance standards, oversight and conduct. Amanda Blanc, Senior Independent Director at bp, said: "Albert has helped bring a welcome focus and pace to bp's transformation. However, the board has been surprised and disappointed to learn of governance oversight and conduct issues it deems unacceptable and has taken decisive action." The Board has appointed Ian Tyler as Interim Chair with immediate effect. Ian Tyler, Interim Chair, said: "The Board and leadership team have deep conviction in the strategic direction we have laid out, and the company is moving at pace to deliver it. bp is building a track record of strong underlying operational performance and a tight focus on financial discipline - all in the pursuit of growing shareholder value and returns. "The Board has been very impressed with Meg O'Neill since she joined as CEO. She has extensive industry and operational experience and real clarity about the direction and opportunity for the business. She has already taken bold action to simplify and strengthen the organization such as announcing the move to a clearly defined upstream/downstream model. Under her leadership we are building a simpler, stronger, more valuable bp." A succession process for a permanent Chair will be initiated. -ENDS- Contacts: bp press office, London: bppress@bp.com This announcement contains inside information. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of BP p.l.c., is Michael Sosso, Executive Vice President, Legal. Cautionary statement: In order to utilize the 'safe harbor' provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ‎‎(the 'PSLRA'), bp is providing the following cautionary statement. This announcement contains certain forward-‎looking statements - that is, statements related to future, not past events and circumstances - which may relate to ‎one or more of the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of bp and certain of the plans and ‎objectives of bp with respect to these items. These statements are generally, but not always, identified by the use ‎of words such as 'will', 'expects', 'is expected to', 'aims', 'should', 'may', 'objective', 'is likely to', 'intends', ‎‎'believes', 'anticipates', 'plans', 'we see' or similar expressions. Actual results may differ from those expressed in ‎such statements, depending on a variety of factors including the risk factors set forth in our most recent Annual ‎Report and Form 20-F under "Risk factors" and in any of our more recent public reports. Our most recent Annual Report and Form 20-F and other period filings are available on our website at www.bp.com , ‎or can be obtained from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330 or on its website at www.sec.gov . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BP (BP.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and