BETA Close X Nichols PLC has announced the publication of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting. The company also confirmed a proposed financial dividend of 18.7p per ordinary share for the 2025 financial year, which is subject to shareholder approval at the AGM. If approved, this dividend will be paid on 28 April 2026 to shareholders on the register as of 20 March 2026, with an ex-dividend date of 19 March 2026. Disclaimer* Nichols PLC 23 March 2026 23 March 2026 Publication of Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting & Dividend Timetable Nichols plc ('Nichols', the 'Company' or the 'Group'), the diversified soft drinks group, announces that its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the "Annual Report") and Notice of the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") have been posted to shareholders today and will also be made available on the Company's website at www.nicholsplc.co.uk . The Company's 2026 AGM will be held at the Company's offices at Laurel House, Woodlands Park, Ashton Road, Newton-le-Willows, Merseyside, WA12 0HH on Tuesday 21 April 2026 at 11:00am. The Board is also pleased to announce the following timetable for its proposed financial dividend of 18.7p per ordinary share in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2025. The proposed dividend is subject to shareholder approval at the Company's AGM. Following approval, the dividend will be paid on 28 April 2026 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on the record date of 20 March 2026, with an ex-dividend date of 19 March 2026. Contacts Nichols plc Andrew Milne, Chief Executive Officer Rebecca Hughes, Finance Director Telephone: 0192 522 2222 Singer Capital Markets (NOMAD & Broker) Jen Boorer / Sara Hale Telephone: 0207 496 3000 Website: www.singercm.com Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co KG, London (Joint Broker) Clayton Bush / Alix Mecklenburg-Solodkoff Telephone: 0203 207 7800 Hudson Sandler (Financial PR) Alex Brennan / Hattie Dreyfus / Harry Griffiths Telephone: 0207 796 4133 Email: nichols@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors Established in 1908, Nichols operates within the resilient soft drinks category and owns or licenses several brands. Nichols is geographically and operationally diversified, operating across three routes to market of UK Packaged, International Packaged and Out of Home. In the UK, Nichols operates across five soft drinks sub-categories: squash, flavoured carbonates, fruit drinks, energy and flavoured water. Nichols' portfolio includes the iconic Vimto brand plus a growing portfolio of licensed brands including Levi Roots, ICEE, SLUSH PUPPiE and Sunkist. Under its asset-light model, Vimto is prominent in areas such as the Middle East and Africa and is enjoyed in over 60 countries worldwide. For more information, visit the website: https://www.nicholsplc.co.uk/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Nichols (NICL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and