BETA Close X Nichols PLC reported a positive start to 2026, with group revenue increasing by 4.3% to £41.0 million in the first quarter, aligning with expectations. Total packaged revenues grew 5.6%, driven by a 3.8% rise in UK packaged revenue to £22.1 million and an 11.1% increase in international packaged revenue to £10.0 million, primarily from West Africa. Out of Home revenue saw a 3.3% decrease to £8.7 million due to the planned exit of the Starslush business. The company maintains a strong balance sheet with net cash of £59.8 million and reiterates its full-year guidance for revenue and adjusted profit before tax, despite monitoring potential supply chain volatility from Middle East conflict. Disclaimer* Nichols PLC 21 April 2026 (the "Company" or "Group") AGM Trading Update Positive start to the year; trading in line with expectations and full-year guidance reiterated Nichols plc, the diversified soft drinks Group, provides the following trading update for the three months to 31 st March 2026 ("the Period"), to coincide with the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") taking place later today. Group revenue grew 4.3% year-on-year in the Period to £41.0m (2025: £39.3m), an encouraging start to the year in-line with the Board's expectations. Total Packaged revenues grew by 5.6% driven by pleasing performances in both the UK and International markets. UK Packaged revenues increased by 3.8% to £22.1m (2025: £21.3m), reflecting a continued focus on innovation which is expected to continue to contribute positively in the year ahead. International Packaged revenues increased by 11.1% to £10.0m (2025: £9.0m), with growth driven almost entirely by West Africa. This strong performance is being delivered through a combination of accelerated can export sales and the ongoing shift to a concentrate model. This was partially offset by lower Middle East revenues, as planned, due to the timing of shipments which are weighted towards the second half of the year. Out of Home revenues decreased by 3.3% to £8.7m (2025: £9.0m), in line with expectations, driven entirely by the planned exit of the lower-margin Starslush business and a strategic focus on profitability. The Group retains a very strong balance sheet with net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the Period of £59.8m (31 December 2025: £55.7m). This increase reflects year-end movements in working capital unwinding as expected, as well as the conclusion of investment in the business change programme. Board As previously announced, Matthew Rothwell joined the Group as Chief Financial Officer on 13 April 2026 and is expected to join the Board following shareholder approval at today's AGM. Outlook The Group's FY26 1 revenue and adjusted PBT 1 expectations are unchanged. The Board continues to monitor developments arising from the conflict in the Middle East, which may lead to some volatility in supply chains and key input costs. While there has been no material impact on the business to date, the Group is taking proactive steps to manage potential disruption, with mitigation plans in place and some near-term protection against cost inflation in H1 through contractual cover. As previously indicated, the International Packaged business is expected to be weighted towards the second half of the year, driven primarily by the timing of concentrate shipments to Africa and, to a lesser extent, the timing of shipments to the Middle East, which commence later in the year, principally as a result of the phasing of Ramadan. This will impact the half-year profile. As a result, the Group expects performance to be weighted towards the second half with first half profitability expected to be modestly below the prior year. Full year expectations remain unchanged with positive trading momentum set to continue as we complete Phase 2 of our concentrate model shift. Underpinned by the strength of the Vimto brand, the Group's diversified and asset-light business model and clear growth strategy, the Group is well positioned to deliver continued profitable growth in line with its medium-term financial and strategic ambitions. Andrew Milne, Chief Executive Officer of Nichols, commented: "We are pleased to have delivered a strong start to the year, with continued revenue growth and further strategic progress in Q1. Our UK Packaged business performed well driven by successful innovation and clear execution against the strategic priorities outlined at our 2024 Capital Markets Day. In the International Packaged business, our planned strategic shift towards a higher margin concentrate model in several of our West African markets is delivering a step change in margins and positions us well to deliver long-term, profitable growth. Whilst the Middle East conflict has had a limited impact on performance to date, we are taking proactive steps to manage potential disruption, with contingency plans in place to mitigate any associated commodity cost inflation. Our distribution routes do not have direct exposure to the most affected shipping corridors in the region. I am delighted to have welcomed Matt Rothwell into the business as our new CFO, providing considerable experience and expertise, and we look forward to benefitting from this during the years ahead. We continue to expect growth and performance in FY26 in line with market expectations as we execute our strategic priorities and deliver further progress towards our medium-term financial and strategic ambitions." 1 FY26 expectations refer to a Group compiled market consensus of Revenue £183.1m and adjusted PBT £35.3m Contacts Nichols plc Andrew Milne, Chief Executive Officer Matthew Rothwell, Chief Financial Officer Telephone: 0192 522 2222 Singer Capital Markets (NOMAD & Broker) Jen Boorer / Sara Hale Telephone: 0207 496 3000 Website: www.singercm.com Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co KG, London (Joint Broker) Clayton Bush / Alix Mecklenburg-Solodkoff Telephone: 0203 207 7800 Hudson Sandler (Financial PR) Alex Brennan / Hattie Dreyfus / Harry Griffiths Telephone: 0207 796 4133 Email: nichols@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors Established in 1908, Nichols operates within the resilient soft drinks category and owns or licenses several brands. Nichols is geographically and operationally diversified, operating across three routes to market of UK Packaged, International Packaged and Out of Home. In the UK, Nichols operates across five soft drinks sub-categories: squash, flavoured carbonates, fruit drinks, energy and flavoured water. Nichols' portfolio includes the iconic Vimto brand plus a growing portfolio of licensed brands including Levi Roots, ICEE, SLUSH PUPPiE and Sunkist. Under its asset-light model, Vimto is prominent in areas such as the Middle East and Africa and is enjoyed in over 60 countries worldwide. For more information, visit the website: https://www.nicholsplc.co.uk/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Nichols (NICL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and