Non-Executive Board Changes Nichols PLC 11 March 2025 11 March 2025 (the "Company" or the "Group") Non-Executive Board Changes Nichols plc, the diversified soft drinks Group, is pleased to announce the appointment of Alan Williams as an Independent Non-Executive Director with immediate effect. The Company also announces that John Gittins, current Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee, will step down from the Board in August 2025 having served a full nine year term, plus an additional year to support the Group through senior leadership changes. Alan will succeed John as Chair of the Audit Committee and there will be a smooth transition of responsibilities. Alan is an experienced UK public company director. His executive career was spent in a variety of finance and strategy roles, most recently as CFO of the building materials distributor, Travis Perkins plc. Alan spent 25 years in the FMCG sector, serving for 6 years as the CFO of Greencore Group plc and having undertaken a broad variety of roles in Cadbury plc both in the UK and internationally and across both confectionery and beverages businesses. In addition to his financial expertise, Alan brings experience across strategic development, mergers and acquisitions, integrations and business transformation. Alan is a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. Alan is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee at the leading UK food producer, Cranswick plc. Liz McMeikan, Non-Executive Chair, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Alan to the Board. Alan has significant sector and PLC experience, and I am confident the business will benefit from his expertise and insights. It has been a pleasure to serve on the Board alongside John and, on behalf of everyone at Nichols, I would like to thank him for his service and commitment." Alan Williams, Independent Non-Executive Director, commented: "This is an exciting time to join Nichols as it implements its growth strategy in line with its medium-term ambitions set out at last year's Capital Markets Day. I look forward to working alongside the rest of the Board and supporting the management team to deliver its strategic targets and to continue to generate attractive shareholder returns." ​ ​ The following disclosures are required regarding Alan Williams' appointment pursuant to Schedule Two paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies (the " AIM Rules "). Alan Richard Williams (aged 55) is currently, or has during the past five years been, a director of the following companies: Current directorships or partnerships Previous directorships or partnership · Cranswick plc · A. Warren & Sons Limited · A.M. (Pumps and Controls) Limited · Actionbridge Limited · Ahed Limited · Angelery Limited · B. & G. (Heating & Plumbing) Limited · Baird Lindsay Limited · Basic Partition Systems Limited · Basildon Heating Services Limited · Benchmarx Kitchens and Joinery Limited · Blandford Builders & Decorators Merchants Limited · Blythe & Taylor (Hants) Limited · BMSS Limited · Bondco 909 Limited · Bonham Lilley Timber Limited · Border Building Supplies Limited · Boston (2011) Limited · Boxbrook Holdings Limited · Brasscapri Limited · Brassware Sales Limited · British Steam Specialties (International) Limited (The) · British Steam Specialties Limited (The) · Broombys Limited · BSS (Ireland) Limited · BSS (UK) Limited · Builders Mate Limited · Builders Traders Limited · Building Integrated Solutions Limited · Built For Trade Limited · Bulwell Timber Company Limited · Burt Boulton (Timber) Limited · Buywell Building Supplies Limited · C&C Building Supplies (Marple) Limited · C&G Building Supplies Limited · C.H. Crees and Son Limited · Carmichael Browne Associates Limited · CCF Limited · Central England Supplies Limited · Chandler Forest Products Limited · Chinnor Plumbing Supplies Limited · Christie Vesey Limited · City Investments Limited · City Plumbing Supplies (Poole) Limited · City Plumbing Supplies (Salisbury) Limited · City Plumbing Supplies (Scotland) Limited · City Plumbing Supplies Holdings Limited · Commercial Ceiling Factors (Midlands) Limited · Commercial Ceiling Factors Limited · Contract Supplies (North East) Limited · Coppas Controls (UK) Limited · County Hire Services (Wollation) Limited · County Landscape Products Limited · Curran Saw Mills Limited - The · D.W. Archer Limited · Direct Building Supplies Truro Limited · Direct Heating Spares Limited · Domestic Heating Supplies (Warrington) Limited · Downpatrick Timber, Slate, and Coal Company, Limited, · Dyfed Building and Plastic Supplies Limited · E. East & Son Limited · E. Fletcher (Timber) Limited · E. Salisbury Limited · Edward Henthorne and Company Limited · Edward Jones (Crowthorne) Limited · Edwards & Company (Longfield) Limited · Elecnation Limited · Elias Wild & Sons Limited · F.W. Darby & Co. (Tunbridge Wells) Limited · Fishguard Building Supplies Limited · Floorsystems Limited · Flortek Limited · Four Oaks Timber and Joinery Supplies Limited · Fry & Pollard Limited · Gammon & Smith Limited · Garratt Timber Supplies Limited · Gestion Toolstation inc. · Gisowatt UK Limited · Graylin Limited · Greenwell Building Supplies Limited · Grundy & Pilling Limited · Hardleys Timber & Building Supplies Limited · Harris of Stirchley Limited · Harrison Trenery Limited · Harvey Building Supplies (Scotland) Limited · Hay & Hassell (North West) Limited · Heatek Labone Cadel Limited · Highbourne Group Limited · HTG (1996) Limited · Hunter Estates Limited · Hunter Limited · IJM Enterprises Limited · IJM Holdings Limited · Independent Construction Technologies Limited · Index Timber & Building Supplies Limited · Instox Limited · Ivco Process Valves Limited · J&B. Labone Limited · J.H. Walker & Co. (York) Limited · J.T. Stanton & Co., Limited · James Ladd & Sons (Property) Limited · James Ladd & Sons Limited · Jayhard Holdings Limited · Jayhard Limited · John Clements (Builders Merchants) Limited · John Dove & Co. Limited · John H. Turner & Lisney, Limited · Joseph Spark & Son Limited · K X Company Limited · KA Venture Limited · Kelmar (Plumbing & Heating Supplies) Limited · Keyline (CML) Limited · Keyline Civils Specialist Limited · Kisling Limited · Lord Street Building Supplies (Leigh) Limited · M&H (North East) Limited · M.G. Bailey (Building Materials) Limited · Malden Timber (West) Limited · Manor Building & Plumbing Supplies Limited · Manor Copper Supplies Limited · May & Hassell (Cumbria) Limited · May & Hassell (North West) Limited · May & Hassell (Scotland) Limited · May & Hassell Limited · Mayalls Limited · MD (1995) Group Limited · MD (1995) Limited · MD (Park Street) Limited · MD-DOR3 Limited · MD-DOR4 Limited · Monteith Building Services Limited · Nags Building Supplies Limited · Nailnole Limited · National Shower Spares Limited · Neptronik Controls Limited · Newcastle Tile Centre Limited · Norman Mackenzie (Building Supplies) Limited · OJ Williams (Merchants) Limited · P.C.P. Harris (Builders Merchants) Limited · P.C.P. Harris (Holdings) Limited · P.H. Properties Limited · P.T.S. Plumbing Trade Supplies Limited · Passmore Drywall & Insulation Limited · Peck & Goodwin Limited · Peckham Timber and Builders Merchants Limited · Plasterers & Builders Merchants Limited · Plumbing Parts Limited · Price & Brown (Heating) Limited · Price Tool Sales limited · Primaflow (Birmingham) Limited · Property Newco Two Limited · PTS Group Limited · R.A. Thomas (Joinery) Limited · Renpye Limited · Rudridge Limited · S&M Bathrooms Limited · S&M Builders Merchant (Batley) Limited · Sandell Perkins + Newmans Limited · Seales Mclean Limited · SES Southern Limited · Sharpe & Fisher (1989) Limited · Sharpe & Fisher (Building Supplies) Limited · Sharpe & Fisher (Properties) Limited · Sharpe & Fisher Limited · Shires Timber Co. Limited · Simmons of Stoke-on-Trent Limited · SLBM Systems Limited · Smiths Building Supplies Limited · Solfex Limited · Spendlove C. Jebb · Spendlove C. Jebb Holdings Limited · Staircraft Group Limited · Staircraft Integrated Solutions Limited · Staircraft Limited · Stearns (Shipton Green) Limited · T&T (Sussex) Plant Hire Limited · T. Butt & Sons Limited · T.J. Willets (Timber) Limited · Tavistock Building Supplies Limited · Taylor Building Supplies Limited · Terant Supplies Limited · TFS Holdings Limited · TG Realisations 2023 Limited · The BSS EBT Company Limited · The BSS Group Limited · The Underfloor Heating Store Limited · The Yard Building Supplies Limited · Tile Beta Limited · Tile Delta Limited · Tile Giant Holdings Limited · Tile HQ Limited · Tile It All (UK) Limited · Tile Magic Holdings Limited · Tile Magic Limited · Tool & Fastener Solutions Limited · Toolexpert Benelux BV · Toolstation BV · Toolstation Europe BV · Toolstation Europe Limited · Toolstation GmbH · Toolstation Holdings Limited · Toolstation Limited · Toolstation Netherlands BV · Toolstation NV/SA · Toolstation SAS · TP Directors Limited · TP General Partner (Scotland) Limited · TP Newco 2 Limited · TP Property Company Limited · TP Shelfco N.o2 Limited · TP Shelfco No.3 Limited · Travis & Arnold Limited · Travis Group Limited · Travis Perkins (Properties) Limited · Travis Perkins (PSL2015) Limited · Travis Perkins Acquisitions Company Limited · Travis Perkins Capital Partner Limited · Travis Perkins Finance Company Limited · Travis Perkins Financing Company No.2 Limited · Travis Perkins Financing Company No.3 Limited · Travis Perkins Group Holdings Limited · Travis Perkins Hong Kong Limited · Travis Perkins Installation Services Limited · Travis Perkins Leasing Company Limited · Travis Perkins Merchant Holdings Limited · Travis Perkins P&H Group Holdings Limited · Travis Perkins P&H Partner Limited · Travis Perkins plc · Travis Perkins Plumbing & Heating LLP · Travis Perkins Quest Trustees Limited · Travis Perkins Sourcing (Shanghai) Limited · Travis Perkins Trading Company Limited · Tricom Group Limited · Tricom Supplies Limited · Trubuildingsystems Limited · UGS Limited · UGS South East Limited · Vaner Holdings Limited · W. Gaunt Limited · W.A. Hawke & Son, Limited · W.H. Newson & Sons Limited · W.H. Newson Holding Limited · W.S. Shuttleworth (Maidenhead) Limited · W.S. Shuttleworth (Timber) Limited · W.S. Shuttleworth (Slough) Limited · Water Street Home Improvements Limited · Whittaker & Co. (Builders Merchants) Limited · Wickes Building Supplies Limited · Wickes Developments Limited · Wickes Finance Limited · Wickes Group Holdings Limited · Wickes Group plc · Wickes Group Trustees Limited · Wickes Holdings Limited · Wickes Properties Limited · Wickes Retail Sourcing Limited · William Bird Holdings Limited · William Bloore & Son Limited · Zenith Plumbpoint Limited Alan Williams served as CFO of the Travis Perkins plc group between January 2017 and January 2024. During this time, a significant corporate simplification exercise was undertaken to reduce the number of legal entities in the group. As a result, a number of subsidiaries of the Travis Perkins plc group were placed into members' voluntary liquidation as detailed below. Alan Williams was appointed director of Monteith Building Services Limited on 11 July 2017. Monteith Building Services Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 12 September 2022. Alan Williams resigned as a director of Monteith Building Services Limited on 23 January 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of P.H. Properties Limited on 15 February 2023 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, P.H. Properties Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of P.T.S. Plumbing Trade Supplies Limited on 11 July 2017 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, P.T.S. Plumbing Trade Supplies Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Tile It All (UK) Limited on 11 July 2017. Tile it All (UK) Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 14 December 2020. Alan Williams resigned as a director of Tile It All (UK) Limited on 23 January 2024 and the company was dissolved on 10 March 2025. Alan Williams was appointed director of Travis Perkins Finance Company Limited on 11 July 2017 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, Travis Perkins Finance Company Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Travis Perkins Leasing Company Limited on 11 July 2017 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, Travis Perkins Leasing Company Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Travis Perkins (PSL2015) Limited on 11 July 2017. Subsequently, Travis Perkins (PSL2015) Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 25 September 2023. Alan Williams resigned as a director on 23 January 2024 and the company was dissolved on 31 October 2024. Alan Williams was appointed director of W.S. Shuttleworth (Slough) Limited on 11 July 2017. W.S. Shuttleworth (Slough) Limited entered into members voluntary liquidation on 27 August 2020 and appointed a voluntary liquidator on 1 September 2020. W.S. Shuttleworth (Slough) Limited was dissolved on 30 December 2021 with no known creditors, however the company was restored to the Register of Companies to continue members' voluntary liquidation on 2 March 2023 at the request of a claimant and creditor. Alan Williams resigned as a director on 23 January 2024 and W.S. Shuttleworth (Slough) Limited was dissolved via compulsory strike-off on 29 October 2024. Alan Williams was appointed director of W.S. Shuttleworth (Timber) Limited on 11 July 2017. W.S. Shuttleworth (Timber) Limited entered into a members voluntary liquidation on 27 August 2020 and appointed a voluntary liquidator on 1 September 2020. W.S. Shuttleworth (Timber) Limited was dissolved on 19 August 2021 with no known creditors, however the company was restored to the Register of Companies to continue members' voluntary liquidation on 4 April 2024 at the request of a former creditor. Alan Williams resigned as a director on 4 March 2025 and the liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Independent Construction Technologies Limited on 15 February 2023 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, Independent Construction Technologies Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of MD-DOR3 Limited on 11 July 2017. MD-DOR3 Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 25 September 2023. Subsequently, Alan Williams resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Tricom Group Limited on 11 July 2017 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, Tricom Group Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of Wickes Properties Limited on 11 July 2017 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, Wickes Properties Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams was appointed director of The BSS EBT Company Limited on 19 July 2022 and resigned as a director on 23 January 2024. Subsequently, The BSS EBT Company Limited entered into voluntary liquidation on 24 June 2024. The voluntary liquidation is ongoing at the time of this announcement. Alan Williams currently holds 4,000 ordinary shares of 10p each in the Company. Save as set out above, there is no further information to be disclosed in accordance with Schedule Two paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules. - Ends - Contacts Nichols plc Andrew Milne, Chief Executive Officer David Taylor, Finance Director Telephone: 0192 522 2222 Singer Capital Markets (NOMAD & Joint Broker) Steve Pearce / Jen Boorer / Oliver Platts Telephone: 0207 496 3000 Website: www.singercm.com Berenberg (Joint Broker) Clayton Bush / Alix Mecklenburg-Solodkoff Telephone: 0203 207 7800 Website: www.berenberg.de Hudson Sandler (Financial PR) Alex Brennan / Hattie Dreyfus / Harry Griffiths Telephone: 0207 796 4133 Email: nichols@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors Established in 1908, Nichols operates within the resilient soft drinks category and owns or licenses several brands. Nichols is geographically and operationally diversified, operating across three routes to market of UK Packaged, International Packaged and Out of Home. In the UK, Nichols operates across five soft drinks sub-categories: squash, flavoured carbonates, fruit drinks, energy and flavoured water. Nichols' portfolio includes the iconic Vimto brand plus a growing portfolio of licensed brands including Levi Roots, ICEE, SLUSH PUPPiE and Sunkist. Under its asset-light model, Vimto is prominent in areas such as the Middle East and Africa and is enjoyed in over 60 countries worldwide. For more information, visit the website: https://www.nicholsplc.co.uk/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Nichols (NICL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and