Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Special Note Regarding Statements .” Our principal operating and developmental activities occur in two geographic areas: Macao and Singapore. Management reviews the results of operations for each of its operating segments, which generally are our Integrated Resorts. In Macao, our operating segments are: The Venetian Macao; The Londoner Macao; The Parisian Macao; The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao; and Sands Macao. In Singapore, our operating segment is Marina Bay Sands. We also review construction and development activities for our primary projects under development, in addition to our reportable segments noted above. We also have ferry operations and various other operations that are ancillary to our Macao properties (collectively, “Ferry Operations and Other”). Strengths and Strategies We believe we have a number of strengths that differentiate our business from our competitors, including: Diversified, high quality Integrated Resort offerings with substantial amenities. Our Integrated Resorts feature attractions and amenities including entertainment, expansive retail offerings and MICE facilities. These attractions and amenities enhance the appeal of our Integrated Resorts, contributing to visitation, length of stay and customer spending at our properties. The broad appeal of our Integrated Resort offerings in our various markets enables us to serve the widest array of customer segments in each market. Substantial and diversified cash flow from existing operations. Our Integrated Resorts in Macao and Singapore have contributed 44% and 56% of our total adjusted property EBITDA, respectively, during 2025. In each of these jurisdictions, our cash flow from operations was derived from a combination of gaming and sources, including retail malls, hotel, food and beverage, entertainment and MICE. Market leadership in the growing mass market gaming segment. In our gaming business, we focus on the mass gaming segment. Our combined SCL properties continue to have the highest percentage of gaming win from mass tables and slots of the Macao operators. Management estimates our mass market table revenues typically generate a gross margin substantially higher than the gross margin on our VIP table revenues. Additionally, gross gaming revenue from mass tables and slots has contributed to approximately of total gross gaming revenue at Marina Bay Sands during the previous five years. Established brands with broad regional and international market awareness and appeal. Through a combination of its diversity of amenities, scale of facilities and its distinctive design, The Venetian Macao has remained the foremost example of a themed Integrated Resort in Macao. The Londoner Macao, our largest themed property on the Cotai Strip, with replicas of the Houses of Parliament and the Elizabeth Tower, along with The Parisian Macao, our themed property with an iconic replica of the Eiffel Tower and other attractions, has established an interconnected critical mass of Europe Integrated Resorts that attract multiple segments of leisure and business tourism and drive broad brand awareness both regionally and globally. Marina Bay Sands is an iconic, architecturally significant Integrated Resort with meaningful scale and visitation. Due to its distinctive design, multitude of amenities and customer experiences shared on social media, and a prominent position as part of the Singapore skyline, Marina Bay Sands is recognized throughout Asia and globally. We believe the brand of Marina Bay Sands is unique and as a result, the property is often featured prominently on social media, in filmed entertainment and in other media. Experienced management team with a proven track record. We have a global leadership team with substantial industry, operating, development and construction experience that has successfully navigated diverse regulatory, cultural and economic environments. Our team is focused on delivering growth, driving innovation, increasing our return on invested capital, balance sheet strength, preserving the Company’s financial flexibility to pursue development opportunities and continuing to execute return of capital to stockholders. 4 Table of Conte n ts Unique MICE and entertainment facilities. Our MICE and entertainment facilities contribute to our markets’ diversification and appeal to leisure and business travelers while diversifying our cash flows and increasing revenues and profit. Our approximately 2.8 million square feet of global MICE space is designed to meet the needs of meeting planners and corporate events and trade show organizers from around the world. Our experience and expertise in this industry supports our ability to drive leisure and business tourism to our markets. The live entertainment program at our properties has been a key traffic driver and has established us as a leader in the field of tourism and leisure activities. Building on our key strengths, we seek to enhance our position as the leading developer and operator of Integrated Resorts and casinos by continuing to implement the following business strategies: Developing and diversifying our Integrated Resort offerings to include a full complement of products and services to cater to different market segments. Our Integrated Resorts include MICE space, retail, dining and entertainment facilities and a range of hotel offerings, including branded suites and hotel rooms, to cater to different segments of our markets. We are able to leverage the recognition and the sales, marketing and reservation capabilities of premier hotel brands to attract a wide range of customers in different market segments to our properties. We believe our partnerships with renowned hotel management partners, our diverse Integrated Resort offerings and the convenience and accessibility of our properties will continue to increase the appeal of our properties to both the business and leisure customer segments. Leveraging our scale of operations to create and maintain an absolute cost advantage. Management expects to benefit from lower unit costs due to the economies of scale inherent in our operations. Opportunities for lower unit costs include, but are not limited to: lower utility costs; more efficient staffing of hotel and gaming operations; and centralized transportation, marketing and sales, and procurement. In addition, our scale allows us to consolidate certain administrative functions. Focusing on the mass market gaming segment, while continuing to provide luxury amenities and high service levels to our VIP and premium players. The scale and product mix of our Integrated Resorts allow us to participate very effectively in all segments of the market. We believe the mass market segment will continue to exhibit growth as a result of continuing economic growth, expansion of the middle class and increasing number of high net worth individuals across our markets in Asia, accompanied by supportive trends in business and leisure tourism. Our properties are positioned to harness future growth in the mass market that comprise our most profitable gaming segment, while delivering the immersive destination resort experiences that create loyalty with VIP and premium players. Identifying targeted investment opportunities to drive growth across our portfolio. We will continue to invest in the expansion of our facilities and the enhancement of the leisure and business tourism appeal of our property portfolio. Our planned development projects include fulfilling capital and operating investment requirements as part of our Macao gaming concession and the extensive renovation and expansion of Marina Bay Sands. Our Operations Macao The Venetian Macao is the anchor property of our Cotai Strip development and is located approximately two miles from the Taipa Ferry Terminal on Macao’s Taipa Island and six miles from the bridge linking Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai. The Venetian Macao includes approximately 503,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 659 table games and 1,137 slot machines and electronic table games (“ETGs”). The Venetian Macao features a 39-floor luxury hotel tower with 2,905 elegantly appointed luxury suites and the Shoppes at Venetian, approximately 960,000 square feet of unique retail shopping with 359 stores featuring many international brands and home to 66 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. In addition, The Venetian Macao has approximately 1.2 million square feet of convention facilities and meeting room space, an 1,800-seat theater and the 14,000-seat Venetian Arena that hosts entertainment and sporting events. The Londoner Macao, our largest Integrated Resort on the Cotai Strip, is located across the street from The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao. The Londoner Macao presents a range of attractions and features, including some of London’s most recognizable landmarks, such as the Houses of Parliament and the Elizabeth Tower (commonly known as “Big Ben”), and interactive guest experiences. The Integrated Resort features four hotel towers. The first hotel tower consists of Londoner Court with 368 luxury suites and 400 rooms and suites under the St. Regis brand. The second hotel tower consists of 659 rooms and suites under the Conrad brand and The Londoner Hotel with 594 suites, including 14 exclusive Suites by David Beckham. The third and fourth hotel towers consist of the Londoner Grand hotel and represent Macao’s first Marriott International Luxury Collection hotel with 2,405 rooms and suites. Additionally, the Integrated Resort includes approximately 400,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 500 table games and 1,285 slot machines and ETGs, approximately 358,000 square feet of meeting space, a 1,701-seat theater, the 6,000-seat Londoner Arena, 5 Table of Conte n ts approximately 518,000 square feet of retail space with 172 stores and home to 51 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. The Parisian Macao, which is connected to The Venetian Macao and The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao, includes approximately 272,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 255 table games and 1,008 slot machines and ETGs. The Parisian Macao also features 2,541 rooms and suites and the Shoppes at Parisian, approximately 297,000 square feet of unique retail shopping with 101 stores featuring many international brands and home to 23 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. Other amenities at The Parisian Macao include a meeting room complex of approximately 62,000 square feet and a 1,200-seat theater. Directly in front of The Parisian Macao, and connected via a covered walkway to the main building, is a authentic of the Eiffel Tower containing a viewing platform and restaurant. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao, which is located adjacent to The Venetian Macao, has approximately 108,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 106 table games and 13 slot machines and ETGs at its Plaza Casino. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao also has 360 elegantly appointed rooms and suites managed by FS Macau Lda., several food and beverage offerings, and conference and banquet facilities. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons features 289 luxury suites. The Shoppes at Four Seasons includes approximately 262,000 square feet of retail space with 136 stores and 10 restaurant and food outlets, and is connected to the Shoppes at Venetian. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao also features 19 Paiza Mansions, which are individually designed and made available by invitation only. The Sands Macao, the first U.S. operated Las casino in Macao, is situated near the Kong Ferry Terminal on a waterfront parcel centrally located between Macao’s Gongbei border gate with China and Macao’s central business district. The Sands Macao includes approximately 176,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 160 table games and 257 slot machines and ETGs. The Sands Macao also includes a 289-suite hotel tower, spa facilities and several restaurants and entertainment areas. We operate the gaming areas within our Macao properties pursuant to a 10-year gaming concession that expires in December 2032. See “Regulation and Licensing — Macao Concession .” Singapore Marina Bay Sands has three 55-story hotel towers consisting of 1,844 rooms, including 775 suites, which have recently undergone extensive renovations to introduce world class suites. Atop the three towers is the Sands SkyPark, an extensive outdoor recreation area with a 150-meter infinity swimming pool and leading restaurant and nightlife brands. The Integrated Resort offers approximately 157,000 square feet of gaming space with approximately 568 table games and 3,000 slot machines and ETGs; approximately 794,000 square feet at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands, an enclosed retail, dining and entertainment complex featuring signature restaurants from chefs; an event plaza and promenade; and an art/science museum. Marina Bay Sands also includes approximately 1.2 million square feet of meeting and convention space and a theater for top Broadway shows, concerts and gala events. We operate the gaming area within our Singapore property pursuant to a 30-year casino concession provided under a development agreement entered into in August 2006. See “Regulation and Licensing — Development Agreement with Singapore Tourism Board .” Additionally, see “Development Projects — Singapore .” Our Markets Macao Macao is the largest gaming market in the world and the only market in China to offer legalized casino gaming. According to Macao government statistics issued publicly on a monthly basis by the Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (commonly referred to as the “DICJ”), annual gross gaming revenues were 247.40 billion patacas in 2025 (approximately $30.87 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025), an increase of 9.1% compared to 2024. Visitation to Macao was approximately 40 million in 2025, an increase of 14.7% compared to 2024. We believe visitation will continue to experience growth. We believe this growth will be driven by a variety of factors, including the movement of Chinese citizens to urban centers in China, continued growth of the Chinese outbound tourism market, the increased utilization of existing transportation infrastructure, the introduction of new transportation infrastructure and the continued increase in hotel room inventory in Macao and neighboring Hengqin Island. There has been significant investment announced and recently completed by concessionaires in new resort development projects on Cotai. These factors should help increase the critical mass on Cotai and further drive Macao’s transformation into a leading business and leisure tourism hub in Asia. We believe the development of additional integrated resort products in Macao will also drive a higher demand for gaming products. 6 Table of Conte n ts Table games are the dominant form of gaming in Asia, with Baccarat being the most popular game. We believe we will continue to experience Macao visitation and are focused on driving mass market gaming, while providing luxury amenities and high service levels to our VIP and premium players. We intend to continue to introduce more modern and popular products that appeal to the Asian marketplace and believe our continued improvement in our gaming product offerings has enabled us to capture a meaningful share of the overall Macao gaming market across all player segments. Proximity to Major Asian Cities Visitors from Hong Kong, South China, Taiwan and other locations in Asia can reach Macao in a relatively short time, using a variety of transportation methods, and visitors from more distant locations in Asia can take advantage of short travel times by air to Zhuhai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou or Hong Kong, followed by a road, ferry or helicopter trip to Macao. In addition, numerous air carriers fly directly into Macau International Airport from many major cities in Asia. Macao draws in a significant number of customers who are visitors or residents of Hong Kong. One of the major methods of transportation to Macao from Hong Kong is the jetfoil ferry service, including our ferry services, Cotai Water Jet. The Hong Bridge (the “HZMB”), which connects Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai, has reduced the travel time between Hong Kong and Macao from one hour by ferry to approximately 45 minutes on the road. The HZMB is part of the Greater Bay Area Initiative and plays a key role in connecting the cities in the Greater Bay Area, facilitating the visitation to Macao. Macao is also accessible from Hong Kong by helicopter. Competition in Macao Gaming in Macao is administered by the government through concessions awarded to six different concessionaires, of which we are one. The other concessionaires are SJM Resorts, S.A., Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A., Galaxy Casino, S.A., MGM Grand Paradise, S.A. and Melco Resorts (Macau), S.A. Our Macao operations also face competition from other gaming and resort destinations, both in Asia and globally. Singapore Singapore is regarded as having the most developed financial and transportation infrastructure in the Southeast Asia region. Singapore has established itself as a destination for both business and leisure visitors, offering convention and exhibition facilities as well as shopping malls and hotel accommodations. In 2006, the Singapore government awarded two concessions to develop and operate two Integrated Resorts. We were awarded the concession for the Marina Bay site, which is adjacent to Singapore’s central business district, and Genting International was awarded the second site, located on Singapore’s Sentosa Island. Based on figures released by the Singapore Tourism Board (the “STB”), Singapore welcomed approximately 16.9 million international visitors during the year ended December 31, 2025, a 2.3% increase compared to 2024. Tourism receipts were estimated to be 29.78 billion Singapore dollars (“SGD,” approximately $23.18 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) in 2024 (the latest information publicly available at the time of filing). The Gambling Regulatory Authority (the “GRA”), the gaming regulator in Singapore, does not disclose gaming revenue for the market and thus no official figure exists. We believe Marina Bay Sands is ideally positioned within Singapore to cater to both business and leisure visitors. The Integrated Resort is centrally located within a 20-minute drive from Singapore’s Changi International Airport and near the Marina Bay Cruise Center, a cruise ship terminal, and Bayfront station, a mass rapid transit station. Marina Bay Sands is also located near several entertainment attractions, including the Gardens by the Bay botanical gardens and the Singapore Sports Hub, a sports complex featuring the 55,000-seat National Stadium. Baccarat is the preferred table game in both VIP and mass gaming. Additionally, contributions from slot machines and from mass gaming, including ETG offerings, have enhanced the growth of the market. As Marina Bay Sands and the Singapore market as a whole continue to mature, we expect to broaden our visitor base to continue to capture visitors from around the world. Proximity to Major Asian Cities More than 100 airlines operate in Singapore, connecting it to 170 cities in approximately 50 countries. During the the year ended December 31, 2025, 70 million passengers passed through Singapore’s Changi Airport, an increase of 3.4% compared to 2024. Work is currently underway to expand the number of runways and open a fifth terminal at Changi Airport, which would increase passenger capacity. Based on figures released by the STB, the largest source markets for visitors to Singapore over the last five years ending in 2025 were China and Indonesia. The STB’s methodology for reporting visitor arrivals does not recognize Malaysian citizens entering Singapore by land, although this method of visitation is generally thought to be substantial. 7 Table of Conte n ts Competition in Singapore Gaming in Singapore is administered by the government through the award of licenses to two operators, our Company and Resorts World Sentosa, which is 100% owned by Genting Singapore PLC. The GRA is required to ensure there will not be more than two casino licenses until January 1, 2031. Our Singapore operations also face competition from other gaming and resort destinations, both in Asia and globally. Retail Mall Operations We own and operate retail malls at our Integrated Resorts at The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao and Marina Bay Sands. We currently own approximately 2.9 million square feet of gross retail space. Our malls are designed to complement our other unique amenities and service offerings provided by our Integrated Resorts. Our strategy is to seek out desirable tenants that appeal to our patrons and provide a wide variety of shopping options. We generate our mall revenue primarily from leases with tenants through base minimum rents, overage rents and reimbursements for common area maintenance (“CAM”) and other expenditures. For further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see “Part II — Item 7 — Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” The tables below set forth certain information regarding our mall operations on the Cotai Strip and at Marina Bay Sands as of December 31, 2025. These tables do not reflect subsequent activity in 2026. Mall Name Total GLA (1) Selected Significant Tenants Shoppes at Venetian 829,872 (2) Zara, Victoria’s Secret, Uniqlo, Tiffany & Co., Rolex, Bvlgari, MUJI, Marks & Spencer, Tommy Hilfiger, Cartier, Chaumet, Longines, OMEGA, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kenzo, Boucheron, Lululemon, Arc’teryx, NIKE, Audemars Piguet, LAOPU GOLD, Chow Tai Fook, BOSS, Coach, Tumi, Pop Mart Shoppes at Londoner 518,138 Marks & Spencer, Chow Tai Fook, Apple, Bottega Veneta, Gucci, Burberry, Tod’s, DFS, Tory Burch, The Cheesecake Factory, Shake Shack, Jimmy Choo, Alexander McQueen, Polo Ralph Lauren, Emporio Armani, Louis Vuitton, Alexander Wang, Mikimoto, Uniqlo, Lord Stow’s Bakery & Cafe, NBA, Brunello Cucinelli, Versace, Canada Goose, Zegna Shoppes at Parisian 256,825 (3) Antonia, , Breitling, I.T Menswear, Temptation Shoppes at Four Seasons 248,304 (4) Cartier, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Hermès, Gucci, Dior, Versace, Zegna, Loro Piana, Saint Laurent, Balenciaga, Loewe, Roger Vivier, Christian Louboutin, Alexander McQueen, Miu Miu, Tiffany & Co., Rimowa The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands 620,562 (5) Louis Vuitton, Zara, Chanel, Gucci, Dior, Burberry, Prada, Fendi, Moncler, Hermès, Cartier, Apple ____________________ (1) Represents Gross Leasable Area in square feet. (2) Excludes approximately 130,000 square feet of space on the fifth floor currently not on the market for lease. (3) Excludes approximately 40,000 square feet of space on the fifth floor currently not on the market for lease. (4) Excludes approximately 14,000 square feet of space on the second floor currently not on the market for lease. (5) Excludes approximately 173,000 square feet of space operated by the Company. 8 Table of Conte n ts The following table reflects our tenant representation by category for our mall operations as of December 31, 2025: Category Square Feet % of Square Feet Representative Tenants Fashion (luxury, women’s, men’s, mixed) 757,267 35 % Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Versace, Chanel, Hermès, Balenciaga, Loewe, Saint Laurent, Burberry, Prada, Moncler, Fendi, Kenzo, Alexander McQueen, Bottega Veneta, Zegna, Givenchy, Loro Piana, Miu Miu, Berluti, BOSS, Coach, Tory Burch, Brunello Cucinelli, Canada Goose, Zara, Uniqlo Restaurants and lounges 435,885 20 % Ce La Vi, North, The Cheesecake Factory, Shake Shack, Haidilao, Tai Er Chinese Sauerkraut Fish, Jin Yue Xuan, Hip Seng Seafood Hot Pot Restaurant, Lord Stow’s Bakery & Café, The Coffee Academics 245,649 11 % Duty Free Americas, The Atrium, DFS, Temptation Jewelry 170,887 8 % Bvlgari, Cartier, Rolex, Tiffany & Co., Chaumet, Van Cleef & Arpels, Longines, , Breitling, Breguet, Chopard, PIAGET, Audemars Piguet, LAOPU GOLD, Chow Tai Fook Lifestyle, sports and entertainment 124,862 6 % Manchester United, Adidas, Lululemon, Sandbox VR, Limited Edt, Arc’teryx, NBA Health and beauty 115,446 5 % Sephora, Sa Sa, Chanel, Helena Rubinstein, La Prairie, Dior, Le Labo Fashion accessories and footwear 100,945 5 % Rimowa, Charles & Keith, Tod’s, Jimmy Choo, Roger Vivier, Christian Louboutin, Spectacle Hut, Gentle Monster, Tumi Home furnishing and electronics 90,861 4 % Apple, MUJI Banks and services 54,846 2 % Bank of China, ICBC Arts and gifts 42,952 2 % Emporio di Gondola, Pop Mart Specialty foods 36,270 2 % Godiva, , Jason’s Deli, Venchi Total 2,175,870 100 % Human Capital Talent Management We directly employ approximately 41,500 employees worldwide, including approximately 41,000 employees, and hire additional temporary employees on an basis. Of our employees, approximately 49% are female. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and employees at our properties. Our strategy is to be the employer of choice by ensuring a thriving workforce built on integrity and opportunity and to support our employees’ personal, professional and financial . We strive to enhance our culture by creating a safe environment that consists of an inclusive and diverse workforce where all employees are treated fairly and equally and can excel in the performance of their duties. Some examples of key programs and initiatives we have implemented to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include: • Competitive pay; • Healthcare: medical/prescription, dental, vision, disability, life and accidental death and disability insurance options at no premium cost; group healthcare insurance; and other support for both physical and mental health, such as a free Employee Assistance Program for employees and their household, which provides information regarding nutrition, disease management, stress reduction and injury prevention; • Retirement benefits: all eligible employees are able to participate in retirement planning schemes, which may include contributions from the employer, as well as the employee; • Culture and Inclusion Program: through policies, procedures, hiring practices and support systems, we seek to promote culture and inclusion and integrate these values into our Company; • Subsidized child care programs; 9 Table of Conte n ts • provision of meals for employees; and • Training and development: through Sands Academy, our global training and development platform, we provide courses, learning tools, coaching opportunities and consulting to help employees fulfill their potential, as well as provide tuition reimbursement. Our employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe we have good relations with our employees and any relevant union. Commitment to Environmental Sustainability We focus significant attention on minimizing our environmental impact with the goal of reducing the environmental footprint of our existing properties and offsetting the impact of new developments. Through Sands ECO360, we endeavor to adapt to emerging trends, support new technologies and foster environmental stewardship in the areas of building design and development, resort management and operations, and meetings, events and entertainment. The program is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and other key environmental standards in the areas of low carbon transition, water stewardship, waste, materials and resources and biodiversity. Our Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) is available on our website and contains further information on our environmental sustainability performance, including data that reflect the reporting standards of the Global Reporting Initiative, the International Sustainability Standards Board and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. The contents of the Report and our website are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file or furnish with the SEC, and any reference to the Report and our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. In addition to our internal initiatives, we have developed the Drop by Drop Project, a collaborative water stewardship initiative in conjunction with Clean the World Foundation. The Drop by Drop Project is designed to encourage sustainability in our local regions with grants for innovative water projects in Macao and Singapore. Development Projects We regularly evaluate opportunities to improve our product offerings, such as refreshing our meeting and convention facilities, suites and rooms, retail malls, restaurant and nightlife mix and our gaming areas, as well as other revenue generating additions to our Integrated Resorts. Macao In accordance with the Concession (as defined below), VML has committed to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 35.84 billion patacas (approximately $4.47 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) in Macao (the “Investment Plan”). Of this total, 33.39 billion patacas (approximately $4.17 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) must be invested in projects. These investments must be accomplished by December 2032. Our Investment Plan in Macao includes investments in projects across a number of key areas including attracting international visitors, conventions and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, themed attractions, supporting Macao’s status as a city of gastronomy, and enhancing community and maritime tourism. The key aspects of our Investment Plan remain subject to Macao government approval and include the upgrading and modernization of our MICE and entertainment facilities to continue to increase foreign visitation to Macao and the redevelopment of the tropical garden situated adjacent to The Londoner Macao, transforming the Le Jardin garden into a distinctive attraction to include an iconic conservatory and meticulously designed themed green spaces. We anticipate this venue will evolve into a renowned Macao landmark and attraction for tourists and local residents, further solidifying Macao’s reputation as a premier destination. We are working with the Macao government to help ensure our Investment Plan aligns with Macao’s evolving economic development strategies. This may result in the reallocation of certain previously announced investments to other initiatives that support Macao’s growth objectives. Phase II of The Londoner Macao, which was completed in early 2025, primarily included the conversion of the Sheraton Grand Macao into the Londoner Grand, an upgrade of the gaming areas and the addition of attractions, dining, retail and entertainment offerings. The conversion of the Sheraton Grand Macao into the Londoner Grand, which represents Macao’s first Marriott International Luxury Collection hotel, resulted in a total of 2,405 rooms and suites. 10 Table of Conte n ts Singapore In April 2019, our wholly owned subsidiary, Marina Bay Sands Pte. Ltd. (“MBS”) and the STB entered into a development agreement (the “Second Development Agreement”) pursuant to which MBS has agreed to construct a development (the “MBS Expansion Project”) on a land parcel adjacent to Marina Bay Sands. The MBS Expansion Project will include a hotel tower with luxury rooms and suites, a rooftop attraction, premium gaming areas, convention and meeting facilities and a live entertainment arena with approximately 15,000 seats. In January 2025, MBS entered into a second supplemental agreement to the Second Development Agreement with the Singapore government (the “Second Supplemental Agreement”) whereby MBS committed to assume liability for the cost of the land premium associated with (i) the additional 2,000 square meters of gaming area and 10,000 square meters of ancillary area in support of the gaming area (collectively, the “Additional Gaming Area”) and (ii) other adjustments to the land premiums resulting from the consequential changes to the allocations of gross floor area for the MBS Expansion Project since the first payment made in 2019 (collectively, the “Additional Land Premium”). The additional 2,000 square meters of gaming area increases Marina Bay Sands’ total approved gaming area to 17,000 square meters across the existing property and the MBS Expansion Project, while the allocations prescribe and limit the use of the gross floor area for hotel, gaming, retail, food and beverage, MICE and arena at the MBS Expansion Project site. The Second Supplemental Agreement also formalized the dates by which MBS has agreed with the Singapore government to commence and complete construction of the MBS Expansion Project, being July 8, 2025 and July 8, 2029, respectively. Construction works for the project commenced as of May 26, 2025, before the requisite commencement date under the Second Supplemental Agreement. While our current estimate is that construction will be complete by June 2030 with an anticipated opening date in January 2031, any extension of the completion date beyond the July 8, 2029 deadline is subject to the approval of the Singapore government. Our estimated total project cost is approximately $8.0 billion, inclusive of financing fees and interest, land premiums and the purchase of the Additional Gaming Area. We have incurred approximately $2.5 billion as of December 31, 2025, inclusive of the payment made in 2019 for the lease of the parcels of land underlying the MBS development project site and the payment of SGD 1.13 billion (approximately $848 million at exchange rates in effect at the time of the payment) for the Additional Gaming Area, which was made in April 2025. The renovations of the Tower 3 hotel rooms at Marina Bay Sands into world class suites were completed in the second quarter of 2025, and we are continuing to progress on other property renovations, which include the hotel lobby and SkyPark and additional retail, food and beverage and wellness offerings. As of December 31, 2025, we have incurred $427 million in costs to complete these projects, which are in addition to the MBS Expansion Project. The completion of the renovations of Towers 1, 2 and 3 resulted in a total of 1,844 rooms, including 775 suites. New York In June 2023, we acquired the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum (the “Nassau Coliseum”) from Nassau Live Center, LLC and related entities, which included the right to lease the underlying land from the County of Nassau in the State of New York. We purchased the Nassau Coliseum with the intent to obtain a casino license from the State of New York to develop and operate an Integrated Resort. In April 2025, we announced our decision to cease pursuit of a casino license from the State of New York in light of concerns regarding a lower anticipated return on investment due to various factors, including the impact of the potential legalization of online gaming on the New York market. We continue to consider potential acquirors and other development opportunities for the Nassau Coliseum site. There is no assurance we will be able to accomplish a sale or other development opportunity or to resolve certain matters associated with the right to lease the underlying land from Nassau County. There is litigation associated with our right to lease the underlying land of the Nassau Coliseum from the County of Nassau in the State of New York and there can be no assurance as to the positive outcome of such litigation. See “Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 15 — Leases ” for further description of this litigation. Other We continue to evaluate additional development projects in each of our markets and pursue new development opportunities globally. 11 Table of Conte n ts Regulation and Licensing Macao Concession On December 16, 2022, the Macao government awarded Venetian Macau Limited (“VML”), SCL’s wholly owned subsidiary, one of six concessions to operate casinos in Macao. VML entered into a concession agreement with the Macao government for the duration of ten years, beginning January 1, 2023 (the “Concession”). On December 30, 2022, pursuant to the terms of VML’s subconcession, VML and certain other subsidiaries of SCL committed to the Macao government to transfer back the casinos, gaming areas and respective supporting areas (“Gaming Assets”) without compensation and free of any liens or charges upon the subconcession’s expiry. On the same day, VML and the Macao government entered into a Handover Record granting VML the right to operate the Gaming Assets for the duration of the Concession in exchange for an annual fee. This fee, calculated based on a price per square meter of reverted gaming area, was set at 750 patacas per square meter for the first three years and increased to 2,500 patacas for the remaining seven years (approximately $94 and $312, respectively, at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025). Furthermore, the fee per square meter will be subject to an annual adjustment based on the previous year’s average price index in Macao. For each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we incurred a fee of approximately $14 million, $13 million and $13 million, respectively. The annual fee for the remaining seven years is an estimated $42 million, subject to the aforementioned index adjustment. Our Concession mandates that we operate casino games of chance in Macao and authorizes us to manage and operate the Gaming Assets at Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao. Investment Plan In accordance with the Concession, VML has committed to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 35.84 billion patacas (approximately $4.47 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) in Macao (the “Investment Plan”). Of this total, 33.39 billion patacas (approximately $4.17 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) must be invested in projects. These investments must be accomplished by December 2032. We are working with the Macao government to help ensure our Investment Plan aligns with Macao’s evolving economic development strategies. This may result in the reallocation of certain previously announced investments to other initiatives that support Macao’s growth objectives. Macao Regulations To operate casino games of chance, we must hold a gaming concession issued by the Macao government and we are subject to regulation by the Macao gaming authorities. Our Concession is not transferable, and we must pay periodic and regular fees and taxes. We must periodically submit detailed financial and operating reports to the Macao gaming authorities, as well as any other information they may request. No one may acquire any rights over the shares or assets of VML without prior consent of the Macao gaming authorities. Similarly, no one may operate the casino premises whose use has been temporarily transferred to us, either through a management agreement or any other contract or through step in rights without first obtaining the approval of the Macao gaming authorities. The transfer or creation of encumbrances over ownership of shares representing the share capital of VML or other rights relating to such shares, as well as any act involving the granting of voting rights or other shareholders’ rights to persons other than the original owners, requires the approval of the Macao government and subsequent reporting to the Macao gaming authorities. Our Concession and the applicable Macao laws require, among other things: (i) the approval of the Macao government for transfers of shares in VML, or of any rights over or inherent to such shares, such as the granting of voting rights or other shareholders’ rights to persons other than the original owners, as well as for the creation of any charge, lien or encumbrance on such shares; (ii) the approval of the Macao government for transfers of shares or rights over such shares, in any of our direct or indirect shareholders, provided that such shares or rights represent, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of VML’s share capital; (iii) that the Macao government be notified of the creation of any encumbrance or the grant of voting rights or other shareholders’ rights to persons other than the original owners on shares in any of the direct or indirect shareholders in VML, provided that such shares or rights represent 5% or more of VML’s share capital; and (iv) that the Macao government be given notice of the listing on a stock exchange by any indirect shareholders holding shares representing 5% or more of VML’s share capital. The requirements in provisions (ii) and (iii) above will not apply, however, to securities listed as tradable on a stock exchange. VML and any of its subsidiaries in which VML is a dominant shareholder are prohibited from being listed on any stock exchange. The Macao gaming authorities may investigate any individual who has a material relationship or involvement with VML to determine whether this individual affects our suitability and/or financial capacity. VML shareholders who hold 5% or more of VML’s share capital, as well as VML’s directors and its key employees, must undergo a suitability assessment. They must also maintain 12 Table of Conte n ts appropriate qualifications during the Concession and submit to the Macao government’s ongoing inspection and supervision. VML must immediately notify the Macao government of any fact of which it is aware that may be material to the qualification of any shareholder who holds 5% or more of the share capital of VML, or any VML director or key employee. LVSC and SCL shareholders who indirectly hold 5% or more of VML’s share capital, at the request of the Macao government, may also be subject to a suitability assessment. In addition to having the authority to deny an application for a finding of unsuitability, the Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to disapprove a change in corporate position. If the Macao gaming authorities determine that one of VML’s directors or key employees is unsuitable, we would be required to sever all ties with that individual. In addition, the Macao gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any employee who refuses to submit the required documentation. A person may be deemed unsuitable if they fail or refuse to apply for a finding of suitability after being ordered to do so by the Macao gaming authorities. Any shareholder deemed unsuitable who continues to hold, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership of the shares of VML (or any other subsidiary of the Company) for longer than the period prescribed by the Macao gaming authorities may lose their rights to the shares. After we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a shareholder or to have any other relationship with us, we will be subject to disciplinary action if we: • pay that person any dividend or interest upon the shares; • allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through shares held by that person; • pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or • fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require that person to relinquish the shares. The Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to approve all persons who own or control the shares of a concessionaire. In addition, prior approval from the Macao gaming authorities is required for any loan or similar financing transaction exceeding 100 million patacas (approximately $12 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025) where VML is a borrower or a lender, or which involves the creation of liens and encumbrances over VML’s assets. Macao gaming authorities must also be notified five working days in advance of certain decisions over relevant financial initiatives, including the internal movement of funds that exceeds 50% of VML’s share capital and any other financial decision that exceeds 10% of VML’s share capital, including decisions related to remunerations and employee benefits. The Macao gaming authorities must approve any change in control of VML resulting from a merger, consolidation, acquisition of shares or assets, management or consulting agreement, or any other act or conduct whereby a person obtains control. Entities seeking to acquire control must first satisfy the Macao gaming authorities on a number of strict criteria. As part of the approval process, the Macao gaming authorities may also require an investigation and suitability assessment be carried out into controlling shareholders, officers, directors and other individuals with a material relationship or involvement with the entity proposing to acquire control. Any recapitalization plan proposed by VML’s board of directors must be approved by the Macao gaming authorities prior to implementation. If deemed necessary, the Chief Executive of Macao may also require VML to increase its share capital. The Concession also permits the Macao government to request modifications to the plans and specifications of our Macao properties, as well as to make various other decisions and determinations that may be binding on us. For instance, the Macao government may require that we contribute additional capital to our Macao subsidiaries or provide certain deposits or other performance guarantees in any amount deemed necessary by the Macao government. Before it raises debt or equity, VML must first obtain the approval of the Macao gaming and governmental authorities, which constrains the Company ’ s ability to raise additional capital. The Concession requires VML to submit to the Macao government, three months prior to the start of each calendar year, an annual execution plan for the specific projects in the Investment Plan, detailing each project it intends to execute, the proposed amount to be spent and the execution schedule. The Macao government will then decide whether to approve the annual execution plan within two months of its submission, and may request modifications to specific projects, investment amounts and execution schedules. If any of the annual execution proposals or portions thereof are not approved, VML must propose allocating the corresponding funds to other projects, which are also subject to approval by the Macao government. VML must submit a report detailing the execution of the previous year’s annual execution proposal within three months following the end of each calendar year. In addition, VML is subject to the oversight of the Macao government in regard to the implementation of the Investment Plan development projects, and VML must submit regular progress reports every two months and may be required to submit additional reports whenever the progress of a development project is compromised. 13 Table of Conte n ts If our Concession is terminated due to a breach of its terms, the Gaming Assets would be returned to the Macao government without compensation, and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. In many of these instances, the Concession does not provide a specific cure period within which such events may be remedied; instead, we would rely on consultations and negotiations with the Macao government to enable us to remedy any such breach. Our Concession allows us to operate casino games of chance, but excludes mutual bets, lotteries, raffles, interactive gaming and games of chance or other gaming, betting or gambling activities on ships or aircraft. Our Concession is governed exclusively by Macao law, and we are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Macao courts in case of any dispute or conflict relating to our Concession. Our Concession expires on December 31, 2032. If our Concession is not extended or renewed, VML may be prohibited from conducting gaming operations in Macao, and we could cease generating revenues from our gaming operations when our Concession expires. In addition, upon the expiry of our Concession, the Gaming Assets, the use of which has been temporarily transferred to VML by the Macao government, will be returned to the Macao government without compensation to us, along with any equipment we acquire during our Concession. Furthermore, any new casinos, gaming areas and respective supporting areas that VML is authorized to operate during the Concession will revert to the Macao government without compensation to us. Under the terms of our Concession, we are required to pay to the Macao government an annual gaming premium consisting of a fixed portion and a variable portion based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate. The fixed portion of the premium is 30 million patacas (approximately $4 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025). The variable portion is equal to 300,000 patacas per gaming table reserved exclusively for certain kinds of games or players, 150,000 patacas per gaming table not so reserved and 1,000 patacas per electrical or mechanical gaming machine, including slot machines (approximately $37,433, $18,716 and $125, respectively, at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025), subject to a minimum of 76 million patacas (approximately $9 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025). In addition, we must pay a special gaming tax of 35% of gross gaming revenues and withholding taxes, where applicable. We are also required to pay a special annual gaming premium if the average of the gross gaming revenues of our gaming tables and our electrical or mechanical gaming machines, including slot machines, is lower than a certain minimum amount set by the Macao government, with the special premium being the difference between the special gaming tax based on the actual gross gaming revenues and the minimum amount. The minimum amount set by the Macao government is 7 million patacas per gaming table and 300,000 patacas per gaming machine (approximately $1 million and $37,433, respectively, at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025). Based on the maximum number of gaming tables and gaming machines we are currently authorized to operate, if the aggregate monthly special gaming taxes paid during the year is less than 4.50 billion patacas (approximately $562 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025), we would be required to pay the difference as the special annual gaming premium. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we did not have to pay a special gaming premium under the Concession requirements as the special gaming taxes were higher than the minimum threshold. VML must also contribute 5% of its annual gross gaming revenue to entities designated by the Macao government, including 2% to a public fund for the purpose of promoting, developing or researching cultural, social, economic, educational, scientific, academic and charitable activities, and 3% for urban construction development, the promotion of tourism and the provision of social security. On February 5, 2024, VML received an exemption from Macao’s corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games of chance for the period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2027. Additionally, on February 7, 2024, VML entered into a shareholder dividend tax agreement with the Macao government, which provided for a payment at an applicable rate of gross gaming revenue for the tax year 2023 through the tax year 2025 as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from VML’s shareholders on dividend distributions paid from VML’s gaming profits. On January 19, 2026, we requested this tax agreement to be extended through December 31, 2027. There is no assurance this tax agreement will be extended. Development Agreement with Singapore Tourism Board On August 23, 2006, MBS entered into a development agreement, as amended by a supplementary agreement on December 11, 2009 (the “Development Agreement”), with the STB to design, develop, construct and operate the Marina Bay Sands. The Development Agreement includes a concession for MBS to own and operate a casino within the Integrated Resort. In addition to the casino, the Integrated Resort includes, among other amenities, a hotel, a retail complex, a convention center and meeting room complex, a theater, restaurants and an art/science museum. MBS is one of two companies awarded a concession to operate a casino in Singapore. Only two licensees were granted the right to operate a casino in Singapore during an initial exclusive period (the “Exclusivity Period”), which expired on February 28, 2017. This Exclusivity Period was subsequently extended to December 31, 2030, when the Second Development Agreement (see below) was entered into. In connection with entering into the Development Agreement, MBS entered into a 60-year lease with the STB for the parcels underlying the project site and entered into an agreement with the Land Transport Authority of Singapore for the provision of necessary infrastructure for rapid transit systems and road works 14 Table of Conte n ts within and/or outside the project site. During the Exclusivity Period, the Company, which is currently the 100% indirect shareholder of MBS, is required to be the single largest entity with direct or indirect controlling interest of at least 20% in MBS, unless otherwise approved by the GRA. The term of the casino concession provided under the Development Agreement is for 30 years commencing from the date the Development Agreement was entered into, or August 23, 2006. In order to renew the casino concession, MBS must give notice to the STB and other relevant authorities in Singapore at least five years before its expiration in August 2036. The Singapore government may terminate the casino concession prior to its expiration in order to serve the best interests of the public, in which event fair compensation will be paid to MBS. In April 2019, MBS and the STB entered into the Second Development Agreement pursuant to which MBS has agreed to construct a development on land adjacent to Marina Bay Sands. The Second Development Agreement provides for a total minimum project cost of approximately SGD 4.5 billion (approximately $3.5 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025). The MBS Expansion Project will include a hotel tower with luxury rooms and suites, a rooftop attraction, premium gaming areas, convention and meeting facilities and a live entertainment arena with approximately 15,000 seats. In connection with the Second Development Agreement, MBS entered into a lease with the STB for the parcels of land underlying the project (the “Land”). In April 2019 and in connection with the lease, MBS provided various governmental agencies in Singapore the required premiums, deposits, stamp duty, goods and services tax and other fees in an aggregate amount of approximately SGD 1.54 billion (approximately $1.14 billion at exchange rates in effect at the time of the transaction). In March 2022, MBS entered into a letter agreement with the STB to extend the construction commencement date for the MBS Expansion Project from April 8, 2022 to April 8, 2023. On March 22, 2023, MBS and the STB entered into the Supplemental Agreement, which further extended the construction commencement date to April 8, 2024 and the construction completion date to April 8, 2028, and allowed for changes to the construction and operation plans under the Second Development Agreement. In January 2025, MBS entered into the Second Supplemental Agreement whereby MBS committed to assume liability for the Additional Land Premium, which includes the Additional Gaming Area and adjustments to the 2019 land premium payment due to consequential changes to the allocations of gross floor area for the MBS Expansion Project. These allocations prescribe and limit the use of the gross floor area for hotel, gaming, retail, food and beverage, MICE and arena at the MBS Expansion Project site. The Second Supplemental Agreement also formalized the dates by which MBS has agreed with the Singapore government to commence and complete construction of the MBS Expansion Project, being July 8, 2025 and July 8, 2029, respectively. Construction works for the project commenced in May 2025, before the requisite commencement date under the Second Supplemental Agreement. While our current estimate is that construction will be complete by June 2030 with an anticipated opening date in January 2031, any extension of the completion date beyond the July 8, 2029 deadline is subject to the approval of the Singapore government. The Development Agreement contains, among other things, restrictions limiting the use of the leased land to the development and operation of the project, requirements that MBS obtain prior approval from the STB in order to subdivide the hotel and retail components of the project, prohibitions on any such subdivision during the Exclusivity Period and limitations on MBS’ ability to assign the lease or any portion of the land during the Exclusivity Period. In addition, the Development Agreement contains events of default, including, among other things, the failure of MBS to perform its obligations under the Development Agreement and events of bankruptcy or dissolution. Employees whose job duties relate to the operations of the casino are required to be licensed by the relevant authorities in Singapore. MBS also must comply with comprehensive internal control standards or regulations concerning advertising; branch office operations; the location, floor plans and layout of the casino; casino operations including financial transactions and patron disputes, issuance of credit and collection of debt, relationships with and permitted payments to gaming promoters; security and surveillance; casino access by Singaporeans and ; compliance functions and the prevention of money laundering; periodic standard and other reports to the GRA; and those relating to social controls including the exclusion of certain persons from the casino. There is a goods and services tax of 7% imposed on gross gaming revenue, which, effective January 1, 2023, increased to 8%, and, effective January 1, 2024, further increased to 9%. There is also a casino tax imposed on the gross gaming revenue from the casino after reduction for the amount of goods and services tax. With effect from March 1, 2022, the casino tax rates of 5% for premium players and 15% for mass players were increased to 8% and 18% on gross gaming revenue up to SGD 2.4 billion and SGD 3.1 billion (approximately $1.9 billion and $2.4 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2025), respectively. On gross gaming revenue above the stated thresholds, the new casino tax rates are 12% for premium players and 22% for mass players. The bad debts written off from the extension of credit granted to gaming patrons is not deductible against gross gaming revenue when calculating the casino tax, but is deductible for the purposes of calculating the goods and services tax (subject to the prevailing law). 15 Table of Conte n ts MBS is permitted to extend casino credit to persons who are not Singapore citizens or permanent residents, but is not permitted to extend casino credit to Singapore citizens or permanent residents except to premium players. The key constraint imposed on the casino under the Development Agreement is the total size of the gaming area, which must not be more than 15,000 square meters (approximately 161,000 square feet), although the Second Development Agreement provides for an option to purchase additional gaming area as described above and below. The following are not counted towards the gaming area: back of house facilities, reception, restrooms, food and beverage areas, retail shops, stairs, escalators and lift lobbies leading to the gaming area, aesthetic and decorative displays, performance areas and major aisles. Under the Development Agreement, the casino located within Marina Bay Sands could not have more than 2,500 gaming machines (although this restriction has been modified by the Second Development Agreement as described below), but there is no limit on the number of tables for casino games permitted in the casino. Under the Casino Control Act, as amended (the “Singapore Act”), a casino operator may be subject to a financial penalty, for each ground of disciplinary action which amounts to a serious breach, of a sum not exceeding 10% of the annual gross gaming revenue (as defined in the Singapore Act) of the casino operator for the financial year immediately preceding the date the financial penalty is imposed. The Singapore Act also requires future applicants and/or renewals for a casino license to be a suitable person to develop, maintain and promote the Integrated Resort as a compelling tourist destination that meets prevailing market demand and industry standards and contributes to the tourism industry in Singapore. The Singapore government has established an evaluation panel that will assess applicants and report to the GRA on this aspect of the casino licensing requirements. Our casino license, which has a term, is set to expire in April 2028. The Second Development Agreement contains provisions relating to the construction of the MBS Expansion Project and associated deadlines for completion, levels of insurance and limitations on MBS’ ability to assign the lease or any portion of the Land. In addition, the Second Development Agreement contains events of default, including, among other things, the failure of MBS to perform its obligations under the Second Development Agreement. The Second Development Agreement also contains, among other things, restrictions limiting the use of the Land to the development and operation of the MBS Expansion Project and requirements that MBS obtain the prior approval of the STB in order to subdivide the Land or any building thereon, which approval, if given, will be subject to such terms and conditions as may be determined by the STB. The Second Development Agreement makes provision for certain benefits and entitlements conferred on MBS on specified terms and conditions. Among these, upon the achievement of certain milestones, MBS is entitled to make available an additional 1,000 gaming machines over and above its existing 2,500 gaming machines. On October 7, 2019, MBS was granted entitlement to make available 500 of these additional 1,000 gaming machines. In addition, under the Second Development Agreement, MBS is granted approval for the change of use of the area comprising the whole of the 53rd and 54th floors of Marina Bay Sands’ hotel Tower 2, or such other areas as may be agreed, to be developed and used as part of Marina Bay Sands’ casino; and MBS is granted an option to purchase an additional 2,000 square meters of casino gaming area at a price to be determined by the relevant Singapore government authority upon written request by MBS to exercise the option. As described above, MBS exercised this option in January 2025. In addition, the Second Development Agreement contemplates that for a period of not less than 10 years commencing no sooner than March 1, 2022, the rate of casino tax applicable to MBS will not exceed specified tiered rates; there shall not be more than two casino licenses in force under the Singapore Act at any time prior to January 1, 2031; and for a period of five years from the date of the Second Development Agreement, the entry levy payable by a Singapore citizen or permanent resident for entry into the casino will not exceed SGD 150 for a 24-hour period and SGD 3,000 for a 12-month period. The Second Development Agreement also provides for MBS to be entitled to compensation by the STB for any losses or damages suffered under certain conditions and events related to the benefits and entitlements. The Second Development Agreement further provides that MBS must maintain compliance with the material terms of the Second Development Agreement to obtain the benefits and entitlements. Doing Business in Macao, Hong Kong and Mainland China We are a parent company with limited business operations of our own; our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. A significant portion of our business operations are based in Macao and held by various indirect subsidiaries of SCL, our subsidiary incorporated in Cayman Islands and listed in Hong Kong (collectively referred to as the “Macao Operations”). We also have subsidiaries incorporated in mainland China and Hong Kong that provide support, such as information technology, accounting, hotel management and marketing services, which complement and support SCL’s main functions in Macao. We face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties relating to having a majority of our operations based in Macao and held by various indirect subsidiaries of SCL. Substantially all of SCL’s assets are located in Macao and substantially all of SCL’s revenue is derived from Macao. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial position and prospects are 16 Table of Conte n ts subject to a significant degree to the economic, political and legal situation in Macao. On December 20, 1999, Macao became a Special Administrative Region of China when China resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Macao. The Basic Law of Macao provides that Macao will be governed under the principle of “one country, two systems” with its own separate government and legislature and that Macao will have a high degree of legislative, judicial and economic autonomy. We also face risks and uncertainties associated with evolving Chinese laws and regulations, such as those associated with the extent to which the level of Chinese government involvement, control of capital inflows and outflows, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources currently applicable within mainland China may become applicable to us and other risks and uncertainties as to whether and how Chinese government statements and regulatory developments, such as those relating to data and cyberspace security and which, where applicable to us, could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities or could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless and affect our ability to list securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. If, in the future, there were to be a significant change in the manner in which the Chinese government exercises direct or indirect oversight, discretion or control over businesses operated in Macao, mainland China and Hong Kong, including the current interpretation and application of existing Chinese laws and regulations on how the Chinese government exercises direct or indirect oversight, discretion or control over businesses operated in Macao, mainland China and Hong Kong, it could potentially result in our Macao Operations being materially adversely affected and it could potentially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. As advised by our PRC legal advisers, Haiwen & Partners, our Macao Operations are currently not required to obtain any permission or approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”), Cyberspace Administration of China (“CAC”) or any other mainland Chinese governmental authority to issue securities to foreign investors, other than those related to its two subsidiaries incorporated in mainland China that only provide support. We have received all requisite permissions and approvals for the supporting functions located in mainland China, primarily being the standard business licenses issued by the relevant authorities in mainland China, and we have never been denied such permissions and approvals. If we do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals in relation to such support functions, we do not expect there will be any material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event that we have inadvertently concluded that such permissions or approvals are not required for our Macao Operations or if, in the future, applicable laws, regulations or interpretations were to change and require us to obtain such permissions or approvals, the failure to obtain such permissions or approvals could potentially result in penalties and other regulatory actions against us and may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. See “Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China ” for more detailed information. Transfers of Cash to and from Our .S. Subsidiaries We are primarily dependent upon our properties in Macao and Singapore. We are a parent company with limited business operations of our own; our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, our primary sources of cash are royalties, dividends and distributions derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. Subject to applicable law, our future dividend payments will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, taking into account various factors such as our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period. The ability of subsidiaries to make distributions to us depends on the earnings and cash flow generated from operations and various other factors, including dividend requirements to public stockholders in the case of funds being repatriated from SCL, compliance with certain local statutes, the laws and regulations currently and in the future applicable to our subsidiaries and restrictions in connection with their contractual arrangements. For example, our revenues in Macao are denominated in patacas, the legal currency of Macao, and in Hong Kong dollars. The Macao pataca is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar and, in many cases, is used interchangeably with the Hong Kong dollar in Macao. The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar. The mainland Chinese government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China by our subsidiaries incorporated in mainland China. While currently there are no foreign exchange or capital control restrictions applicable to intercompany transactions between us and our Macao and Hong Kong subsidiaries, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case in the future and that our ability to convert large amounts of patacas into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period will not be limited. If, in the future, new foreign exchange or capital control restrictions were to be imposed, or existing foreign exchange or capital control restrictions were to be modified, and become applicable to us, such restrictions could potentially reduce the amounts that we would be able to receive from our Macao, Hong Kong and mainland China subsidiaries. 17 Table of Conte n ts In addition, our SCL and Singapore credit facility agreements, under certain circumstances, may limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. We expect future debt instruments issued by our subsidiaries may contain similar restrictions. Our .S. subsidiaries, including those located in Singapore, Macao, Hong Kong and mainland China, held unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $2.45 billion and restricted cash of $125 million as of December 31, 2025, of which approximately $2.07 billion is available to be repatriated, either in the form of dividends or via intercompany loans or advances, to the U.S., subject to the abovementioned restrictions. We do not expect withholding taxes or other foreign income taxes to apply should these earnings be distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise. Cash may be transferred between and among the Company and its subsidiaries through capital contributions, intercompany loans or advances, dividends, royalties and transfers of cash and other assets. The total net transfers to the Company from SCL were $1.56 billion, $111 million and $100 million and from Marina Bay Sands were $1.56 billion, $1.08 billion and $937 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net transfers from SCL’s subsidiaries to SCL were $1.66 billion, $963 million and $1.86 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, SCL made interest payments to the holders of the SCL senior notes in the amount of $288 million, $319 million and $346 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, SCL redeemed $1.63 billion and repurchased $175 million, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of the SCL senior notes. ITEM 1A. — RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with evaluating the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain statements in “Risk Factors” are statements. See “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Special Note Regarding Statements .” Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business • Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy. • Natural or disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations. • Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. • We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate. • Certain local gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate. • We depend primarily on our properties in two markets for all of our cash flow, and because we are a parent company, our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries. • Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations. • We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. • We extend credit to a portion of our patrons, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit patrons. • Win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming patrons could exceed our casino winnings. 18 Table of Conte n ts • We face the risk of fraud and cheating. • Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future. • Our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures, including through acquisitions or strategic transactions, may not be successful. • Our loan receivable is subject to certain risks, which could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. • There are significant risks associated with our current and planned construction projects Risks Associated with Our International Operations • Our Macao Concession and Singapore development agreements and casino license can be terminated or redeemed under certain circumstances without compensation to us. • The number of visitors to our Integrated Resorts, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel may be disrupted. • The Macao and Singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase competition we face. • Conducting business in Macao and Singapore has certain political and economic risks. • Our tax arrangements with the Macao government may not be extended on terms favorable to us or at all beyond their expiration dates. • We are subject to limitations on the transfers of cash to and from our subsidiaries, limitations of the pataca and HKD exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the Renminbi. Risks Related to Doing Business in China • Our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or the value of our securities or our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors may be materially and adversely affected to the extent the laws and regulations of mainland China become applicable to our operations in Macao and Hong Kong or economic, political and legal developments in Macao adversely affect our Macao operations. Risks Related to Stock Ownership and Stockholder Matters • The interests of our principal stockholders in our business may be different from yours. • Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of SCL. Human Capital Related Risk Factors • We depend on the continued services of key personnel . • We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao and Singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor. General Risk Factors • Failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. • We may fail to establish and protect our IP rights and could be subject to claims of IP infringement. • The licensing of our trademarks to third parties could result in reputational harm for us. • Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer, and our insurance costs may increase in the future. • We are subject to changes in tax laws and regulations. 19 Table of Conte n ts • Because we own real property, we are subject to environmental regulation. • We are subject to risks from litigation, investigations, enforcement actions and other disputes. • We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and governance and sustainability matters. Risks Related to Our Business Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy . Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual ge

[truncated]