Board Changes Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd 29 January 2025 29 January 2025 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED Board Changes Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited ("Beximco Pharma", "BPL" or the "Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, announces that Ms. Quamrun Naher Ahmed, a Non-Executive Director since 30 November 2020, has been replaced by Mr. Mohammed Ebtadul Islam, both with immediate effect. Mr. Islam, like Ms. Ahmed previously, has been nominated to this position by IFIC Bank PLC, a shareholder in the Company, and he will serve as a Non-Executive Director. Mr. Islam has extensive expertise in finance and management at a senior level, having worked at Bangladesh Bank, the central bank of Bangladesh, for 33 years, retiring as an Executive Director in 2014 . He currently serves as an independent director of IFIC Bank PLC, a leading full-service private bank based in Dhaka. He is also a Supernumerary Professor at the Bangladesh Institute of Bank Management (BIBM), the national educational institute on banking and finance in Bangladesh. Mr. A S F Rahman - Chairman of Beximco Pharmaceuticals, commented : "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Ms. Quamrun Naher Ahmed for her contribution to the Board over the past four years, and wish her all the very best for the future. I am delighted to announce that Mr. Ebtadul Islam is joining Beximco Pharma's Board. He has deep experience from a long career at Bangladesh Bank and we are excited for him to bring this to bear at Beximco Pharma. We are looking forward to working with him as we continue to maintain our focus on growing the business and delivering shareholder value." Additional disclosure information required by Schedule 2(g) of the AIM Rules for Companies Mr. Mohammed Ebtadul Islam In addition to his appointment to the board, Mr. Mohammed Ebtadul Islam, aged 69, holds (or has held) the following directorships/partnerships in the past five years: Current directorships/partnerships Previous directorships/partnerships IFIC Bank PLC None IFIC Money Transfer (UK) Limited IFIC Investment Limited Neither Mr. Islam, nor any person closely associated with him, has any direct or indirect personal interest in the shares of Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited. As noted above, Mr. Islam has been nominated to the position of Non-Executive Director by IFIC Bank PLC. There is no further information to be disclosed pursuant to paragraph (g) of Schedule 2 of the AIM Rules. For further information please visit www.beximcopharma.com or enquire to: Beximco Pharma Mohammad Ali Nawaz, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext.20030 Mohammad Asad Ullah, FCS Executive Director & Company Secretary Tel: +880 2 41060531, Ext. 10140 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited (Nominated Adviser) Mark Brady / Andrew Emmott Tel: +44 (0) 20 3368 3551 / 3555 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Broker) Matthew Johnson Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 FTI Consulting Simon Conway / Victoria Foster Mitchell Tel: +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 Notes to Editors About Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited Beximco Pharma is a leading manufacturer and exporter of medicines based in Bangladesh. Since its inception in 1976, the Company remains committed to health and wellbeing of people across all the continents by providing access to contemporary medicines. Company's broad portfolio of generics encompasses diverse delivery systems such as tablets, capsules, liquids, semi-solids, intravenous fluids, metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers, sterile ophthalmic drops, insulins, prefilled syringes, injectables, nebuliser solutions, oral soluble films etc. The Company also undertakes contract manufacturing for multinational and leading global generic pharmaceutical companies. Beximco Pharma′s state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are certified by global regulatory authorities of USA, Europe, Australia, Canada, GCC and Latin America, among others and it has a geographic footprint in more than 50 countries. More than 6000 employees are driving the company towards achieving its aspiration to be among the most admired companies in the region. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and