Update on BSEC order Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd 06 March 2025 6 March 2025 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED Update on BSEC order following decision by the Supreme Court of Bangladesh Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited ("the Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, provides an update on the Stay Order (the "Stay Order") dated 13 January 2025 granted by the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh with regards to the Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC)'s proposed appointment of an additional nine independent non-executive directors (the "New Directors") to the Company's Board of Directors (the "BSEC Order"). This follows the Company's announcement on 14 January 2025. Following an appeal from BSEC against the High Court's initial decision, the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh has not upheld the High Court Stay Order and has directed the High Court to dispose of the writ petition of the Company before 19 March 2025. The additional nine New Directors are: · Dr. Md. Shahinoor Islam, Professor, Department of Chemical Engineering, BUET · Syed Rezaul Karim, Chairman, Bengal Overseas Limited · Sultan Mahmood Bin Zulfiqar, Writer and Journalist · Mohammed Forkan Uddin, Managing Partner, M M Rahman & Co., Past President of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Bangladesh (ICAB) · Mirza Aminur Rahman, Freelance Consultant · M Nurul Alam, CEO, MNA Associates · Sheikh Nahar Mahmud, Chief Consultant, Infinigent Consulting Limited · Brigadier General Mohammad Shafqat-Ul-Islam, SPP, AFWC, PSC, Commander, Headquarters 71 Mechanized Brigade, Savar · Anwar Hossain, Vice Chairman, Export Promotion Bureau (EPB), Administrator, BGMEA Finality of the appointment of the New Directors remains dependent on the outcome of the High Court proceedings explained above, and due diligence and disclosure for UK regulatory purposes. In accordance with the London Stock Exchange's AIM Rules for Companies, the Company's nominated adviser will be making appropriate due diligence enquiries . Further announcements will be made as appropriate. For further information please visit www.beximcopharma.com or enquire to : Beximco Pharma Mohammad Ali Nawaz, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext. 20030 Mohammad Asad Ullah, FCS Executive Director & Company Secretary Tel: +880 2 41060531, Ext. 10140 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited (Nominated Adviser) Mark Brady / Andrew Emmott Tel: +44 (0)20 3368 3551 / 3555 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Broker) Matthew Johnson Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 FTI Consulting Simon Conway / Sam Purewal Tel: +44 (0)20 3727 1000 Notes to Editors About Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited Beximco Pharma is a leading manufacturer and exporter of medicines based in Bangladesh. Since its inception in 1976, the Company remains committed to health and wellbeing of people across all the continents by providing access to contemporary medicines. Company's broad portfolio of generics encompasses diverse delivery systems such as tablets, capsules, liquids, semi-solids, intravenous fluids, metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers, sterile ophthalmic drops, insulins, prefilled syringes, injectables, nebuliser solutions, oral soluble films etc. The Company also undertakes contract manufacturing for multinational and leading global generic pharmaceutical companies. Beximco Pharma′s state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are certified by global regulatory authorities of USA, Europe, Australia, Canada, GCC and Latin America, among others and it has a geographic footprint in more than 50 countries. More than 6000 employees are driving the company towards achieving its aspiration to be among the most admired companies in the region. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and