Notice of AGM Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd 06 November 2023 6 November 2023 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED AGM Notification Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited ("Beximco Pharma", "BPL" or "the Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, today announces that the forty-seventh Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) of Beximco Pharma will be held virtually on Thursday 28 December 2023 at 10.30 a.m. to transact the following business: AGENDA 1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on 30 June 2023 together with reports of the Auditors and the Directors thereon. 2. To declare 35% Cash Dividend. 3. To elect Directors. 4. To Approve the re-appointment of Independent Director. 5. To appoint Auditor for the year 2023-2024 and to fix their remuneration. 6. To appoint Corporate Governance Compliance Auditor for the year 2023-2024 and to fix their remuneration. By order of the Board Sd/- Dated: 5 November 2023 (MOHAMMAD ASAD ULLAH, FCS) Executive Director & Company Secretary NOTES: (1) Shareholders whose names will appear in the Share Register of the Company or in the Depository Register on the record date (i.e. 13 November 2023) will be entitled to attend the AGM and to receive the dividend. (2) A Member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint a Proxy to attend and vote in his/her stead. The Proxy Form, duly stamped, must be deposited at the Registered office of the Company, not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. (3) Annual Report for the year 2022-23 will be sent through e-mail address of the Shareholders and will be available on the Company website at: www.beximcopharma.com . (4) The Shareholders will join the virtual AGM through the link https://bxpharma.bdvirtualagm.com. The Shareholders will be able to submit their questions/comments and vote electronically 24 (Twenty four) hours before commencement of the AGM and also during the AGM. For logging into the system, the Shareholders need to put their 16-digit Beneficial Owner (BO) ID/Folio Number and other credential as proof by visiting the said link. (5) We encourage shareholders to login into the system prior to the meeting. Please allow ample time to login and establish your connectivity. For any IT related guidance, shareholders may contact vide email: monir@beximco.ne t or mazibur@beximco.net . For further information please visit www.beximcopharma.com or enquire to: Beximco Pharma Nazmul Hassan MP, Managing Director Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext.20080 S M Rabbur Reza, Chief Operating Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext.20111 Mohammad Ali Nawaz, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext.20030 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited (Nominated Adviser) Mark Brady / Andrew Emmott Tel: +44 (0) 20 3368 3551 / 3555 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Broker) Matthew Johnson Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 FTI Consulting Simon Conway / Victoria Foster Mitchell Tel: +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 Notes to Editors About Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited Beximco Pharma is a leading manufacturer and exporter of medicines based in Bangladesh. Since its inception in 1976, the Company remains committed to health and wellbeing of people across all the continents by providing access to contemporary medicines. Company's broad portfolio of generics encompasses diverse delivery systems such as tablets, capsules, liquids, semi-solids, intravenous fluids, metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers, sterile ophthalmic drops, insulins, prefilled syringes, injectables, nebuliser solutions, oral soluble films etc. The Company also undertakes contract manufacturing for multinational and leading global generic pharmaceutical companies. Beximco Pharma′s state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are certified by global regulatory authorities of USA, Europe, Australia, Canada, GCC and Latin America, among others and it has a geographic footprint in more than 50 countries. More than 5500 employees are driving the company towards achieving its aspiration to be among the most admired companies in the world. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and