BETA Close X Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC has announced further developments regarding its 2025 financial results, stating that the Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC) has not approved its requests for extensions to publish Q3 2025, annual, and first quarter results. The BSEC issued an order requiring a board meeting within 12 days, which Beximco is challenging in the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. The court has issued a Rule requiring the BSEC to show cause and will hear this matter alongside a related petition concerning the BSEC's proposed appointment of nine additional independent directors. Shares continue to trade on the Dhaka and Chittagong Stock Exchanges. Disclaimer* Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC 28 January 2026 28 January 2026 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS PLC. Further Order re Request of Extension to Publish the Company's Financial Results for 2025 Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC. ("the Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, announces further developments with regards to the publication of its financial results for 2025. The Company received correspondence on 13 January 2026 from the Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC) informing the Company that it is not in a position to approve the Company's application for extensions to submit and publish its Q3 2025 financial results, Annual Results to 30 June 2025, and its first quarter financial results ended 30 September 2025. These requests were previously made by the Company in April, October and November 2025. This was followed by an Order from BSEC dated 15 January 2026, requiring the Company to hold a meeting of the Board of Directors (including the BSEC's proposed nine additional independent directors) within 12 days from the date of the Order. In response, the Company filed a Writ Petition in the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh challenging the Order dated 15 January 2026. At a hearing, the High Court Division issued a Rule requiring BSEC to show cause as to why this Order should not be declared to have been made without any lawful authority. The Court also directed that this matter should be heard along with Writ Petition No. 525 of 2025 relating to the BSEC's proposed appointment of an additional nine independent non-executive directors to the Company's Board of Directors (BSEC Order). Further to the announcement on 19 December 2025, a High Court Bench has now been fixed for hearing of the Writ Petition. The Company will continue to make announcements regarding any developments that need to be disclosed in accordance with its obligations under the AIM Rules, whilst the temporary suspension is in place. Shares continue to trade on the Dhaka Stock Exchange and the Chittagong Stock Exchange. For further information please visit www.beximcopharma.com or enquire to : Beximco Pharma Mohammad Ali Nawaz, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext. 20030 Mohammad Asad Ullah, FCS Executive Director & Company Secretary Tel: +880 2 41060531, Ext. 10140 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited (Nominated Adviser) Mark Brady / Andrew Emmott Tel: +44 (0)20 3368 3551 / 3555 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Broker) Matthew Johnson Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 FTI Consulting Simon Conway / Sam Purewal Tel: +44 (0)20 3727 1000 Notes to Editors About Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC. Beximco Pharma is a leading manufacturer and exporter of medicines based in Bangladesh. Since its inception in 1976, the Company remains committed to health and wellbeing of people across all the continents by providing access to contemporary medicines. Company's broad portfolio of generics encompasses diverse delivery systems such as tablets, capsules, liquids, semi-solids, intravenous fluids, metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers, sterile ophthalmic drops, insulins, prefilled syringes, injectables, nebuliser solutions, oral soluble films etc. The Company also undertakes contract manufacturing for multinational and leading global generic pharmaceutical companies. Beximco Pharma′s state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are certified by global regulatory authorities of USA, Europe, Australia, Canada, GCC and Latin America, among others and it has a geographic footprint in more than 50 countries. More than 6000 employees are driving the company towards achieving its aspiration to be among the most admired companies in the region. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and