Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources, includes information specific to each entity, where applicable; • Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data which includes the following specific disclosures for BXP and BPLP: • Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies; • Note 3. Real Estate; • Note 11. Stockholders’ Equity / Partners’ Capital; • Note 12. Segment Information; and • Note 13. Earnings Per Share / Common Unit; and • Item 15. Financial Statement Schedule—Schedule 3. This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, as well as separate Exhibit 23 consents of the independent registered public accounting firm and Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of BXP and BPLP. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PAGE NO. PART I 3 1. BUSINESS 3 1A. RISK FACTORS 20 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 40 1C. CYBERSECURITY 40 2. PROPERTIES 42 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 48 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 48 PART II 49 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 49 6. RESERVED 51 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 52 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 99 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 101 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 177 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 178 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 178 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 178 PART III 179 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 179 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 179 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 179 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 180 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 180 PART IV 181 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 181 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 195 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors The risk factors detailed in Item 1A titled “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and a reader should carefully consider them. Those risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. The following is a summary of the risk factors detailed in Item 1A: • Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand characteristics, of our markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. • Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions. • Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. • Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry, including, without limitation: • potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or space; • potential sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization from , collective work environments to hybrid or remote work models, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces and cause market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; • potential delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; and • potential increases in costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation. • We face potential adverse effects from major clients’ bankruptcies or insolvencies. • Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs. • Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over and flexibility with jointly owned investments and other assets we may wish to acquire. • We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing risk. • Elevated interest rates increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to existing debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. • Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition. • Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our equity and debt securities. • We face risks associated with security breaches, incidents, and compromises through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. • We face risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory efforts intended to reduce the effects of climate change. • Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. • Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. • Our involvement in legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial monetary and other costs that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 1 Table of Contents • We face risks associated with BXP’s status as a real estate investment trust (REIT), including, without limitation: • failure to qualify as a REIT would cause BXP to be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of dividends; • possible adverse state and local tax audits and changes in state and local tax laws could result in increased tax costs that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends and distributions to our securityholders; and • in order to maintain BXP’s REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. This section contains statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on statements beginning on page 52 . 2 Table of Contents PART I. Item 1 . Business General BXP, a Delaware corporation, is a fully integrated, and REIT, and is one of the largest office REITs (based on total market capitalization as of December 31, 2024) in the United States that develops, owns and manages primarily premier workplaces. BXP was formed in 1997 to succeed the real estate development, redevelopment, acquisition, management, operating and leasing businesses associated with the predecessor company founded by Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde in 1970. Our properties are concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. At December 31, 2024, we owned or had joint venture interests in a portfolio of 185 commercial real estate properties, aggregating approximately 53.3 million net rentable square feet of primarily premier workplaces, including seven properties under construction/redevelopment totaling approximately 2.3 million net rentable square feet. As of December 31, 2024, our properties consisted of: • 163 office and life sciences properties (including five properties under construction/redevelopment); • 14 retail properties (including one property under construction); • seven residential properties (including one property under construction); and • one hotel. We consider premier workplaces to be buildings that are modern structures or have been modernized to compete with newer buildings, are professionally managed and maintained, and offer a number and type of amenities that are in high demand by clients that are focused on the importance of the physical work environment in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest employees. As such, these properties attract creditworthy clients and command rental rates in their markets. We do not consider the expression “premier workplaces” a classification of our properties in accordance with any standard listing criteria in the real estate industry. We therefore caution investors that our use and definition of “premier workplaces” may be different than the use and definition of similar expressions and traditional classifications that may be used by other companies. We are a real estate company, with substantial expertise and resources in acquisitions, development, financing, capital markets, construction management, property management, marketing, leasing, accounting, risk management, tax and legal services. For this reason, we refer to our tenants as “clients” due to the many facets of our continuous engagements with them, which span beyond the usual tenant/landlord relationship. Throughout this Annual Report, we use the terms “tenant” and “client” interchangeably. BXP manages BPLP as its sole general partner. Our principal executive office and Boston regional office are located at The Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and our telephone number is (617) 236-3300. In addition, we have regional offices at 2800 28th Street, Santa Monica, California 90405, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Two Embarcadero Center, San Francisco, California 94111, 1001 Fourth Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98154 and 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20037. Our internet address is http://www.bxp.com. On our website, you can obtain free copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. You may also obtain BXP’s and BPLP’s reports by accessing the EDGAR database at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, or we will furnish an electronic or paper copy of these reports free of charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, BXP, Inc., Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199. “Boston Properties” is a registered trademark, BXP is a registered trademark, and the “bxp” logo is a registered trademark, in all cases, owned by BPLP. Boston Properties Limited Partnership BPLP is a Delaware limited partnership organized in 1997, and the entity through which BXP conducts substantially all of its business and owns, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of its assets. BXP is the sole general partner of BPLP and, as of February 21, 2025, the owner of approximately 89.5% of the economic interests in BPLP. Economic interest was calculated as the number of common partnership units of BPLP 3 Table of Contents owned by BXP as a percentage of the sum of (1) the actual aggregate number of outstanding common partnership units of BPLP and (2) the number of common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding long term incentive plan units of BPLP (“LTIP Units”), for which all performance conditions have been satisfied for such conversion. We exclude from (1) and (2) above other LTIP Units issued in the form of Incentive Plan Awards in 2023 or later (“MYLTIP Awards”), which remain subject to performance conditions. An LTIP Unit is generally the economic equivalent of a share of BXP’s restricted common stock, although LTIP Units issued in the form of MYLTIP Awards are only entitled to receive (1/10th) of the regular quarterly distributions (and no special distributions) prior to being earned. Transactions During 2024 Acquisitions On January 8, 2024, we completed the acquisition of our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC. At acquisition, the total net equity acquired was $20.0 million, which includes $10.0 million in cash that we paid for the joint venture partner's 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture. The property is subject to existing mortgage indebtedness of approximately $207.1 million (see “ Secured Debt ” below). The acquisition resulted in us recording a gain upon consolidation of approximately $21.8 million, which is the difference between the fair value of the previously held equity method investment immediately prior to the consolidation of $10.0 million, less our costs basis of approximately $(11.8) million. The gain on consolidation is included within loss from unconsolidated joint ventures in the Consolidated Statement of Operations (See Notes 3, 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 901 New York Avenue is a premier workplace consisting of approximately 508,000 net rentable square feet. On December 27, 2024, we completed the acquisition of 725 12th Street, an approximately 300,000 net rentable square foot, 12-story premier workplace located in Washington, DC, for a purchase price, excluding transaction costs, of $34.0 million. The acquisition was completed with available cash. Following the acquisition, we commenced redevelopment of the property. When completed, 725 12th Street is expected to total approximately 320,000 net rentable square feet of office and retail space. The project is 47% as of February 21, 2025. Pending Disposition and Impairment At March 31, 2024, we evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of our Shady Grove property, consisting of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland. Based on a hold period, we reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that we anticipate selling to a developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024. As a result, each of BXP and BPLP recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. Our estimated fair value was based on Level 3 inputs as defined in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 820 and the terms of a pending offer from a . On May 7, 2024, we entered into an agreement with the developer for the sale of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and the land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland, for an aggregate gross sale price of approximately $24.8 million. On July 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the agreement for an aggregate gross sale price of approximately $24.7 million. 2 Choke Cherry Road and 2094 Gaither Road are two vacant office properties aggregating approximately 143,000 net rentable square feet that were taken out of service and held for redevelopment. The disposition is subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions and there can be no assurance that this transaction will be consummated on the terms currently contemplated or at all. Developments /Redevelopments As of December 31, 2024, we had seven properties under construction/redevelopment, which we expect will total approximately 2.3 million net rentable square feet when completed. We estimate our share of the aggregate total investment to complete these projects is approximately $2.3 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion remained to be invested as of December 31, 2024. The total development pipeline, including office, laboratory/life sciences and retail developments, but excluding our residential development 121 Broadway Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is 50% as of February 21, 2025. For a detailed list of the properties under construction/redevelopment see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” within “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 4 Table of Contents On February 12, 2024, we commenced the development of a residential project at 121 Broadway Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts that is adjacent to our development projects at 290 Binney Street and 300 Binney Street. 121 Broadway will consist of 439 residential units aggregating approximately 492,000 net rentable square feet. There can be no assurance that we will complete development of the project on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all. On April 5, 2024, we completed and fully placed 760 Boylston Street, an approximately 118,000 net rentable square foot retail redevelopment located in Boston, Massachusetts. On July 17, 2024, we partially placed Reston Next Office Phase II, an approximately 90,000 net rentable square foot development project comprised of office and retail space located in Reston, Virginia. On September 26, 2024, we fully placed 180 CityPoint, an approximately 329,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts. On October 5, 2024, we fully placed 103 CityPoint, an approximately 113,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts. On October 31, 2024, we completed and fully placed 300 Binney Street, a laboratory/life sciences redevelopment project with approximately 240,000 net rentable square feet located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Leases On March 28, 2024, we entered into a 90-year air rights lease with the Massachusetts Department of Transportation for an approximately 61,000 square foot site at the parking garage located at 100 Clarendon Street and the concourse level of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s Back Bay Station (the “Station”). The lease requires annual base rental payments of $250,000 until the commencement of construction, as defined in the lease. If we commence construction of a project on the site on or before August 1, 2028 then a final fixed rental payment is due in accordance with the lease at that time. After August 1, 2028, if we commence construction of a project on the site, then a final rental payment based on the then current fair market value will be due at that time. In addition, the lease requires annual payments of $500,000 through 2033 to fund maintenance and improvements to the Station. We have assumed that we will begin construction on the site on or before August 1, 2028. The incremental borrowing rate for this lease is 6.57% per annum. The net present value of the ground lease payments is approximately $23.2 million. We classify this lease as an operating lease. As a result, we recorded a Right of Use Assets – Operating Leases and Lease Liabilities – Operating Leases of approximately $23.9 million and $23.2 million, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2024. The ground lease had operating lease costs of approximately $0.3 million for the period from March 28, 2024 through December 31, 2024. There can be no assurance that we will commence construction on the ground lease site on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all. We have a ground lease for the land underlying our residential property, The Skylyne, in Oakland, California. The Skylyne is a residential property consisting of 402 residential units and supporting retail space totaling approximately 331,000 net rentable square feet. The ground lease has approximately 92 years remaining (including extension options) and provides us with the right to purchase the land subject to certain conditions. When the lease was executed in 2017, the purchase option was considered a bargain purchase option and, as a result, we classified it as a finance lease and we assumed the lessor would exercise its right to require us to purchase the land in May 2024 for approximately $38.7 million. In May 2024 and as of the date of this report, the lessor has not exercised this option and we reassessed the accounting for the ground lease and determined that the purchase option continues to be considered a bargain purchase option and the ground lease will continue to be accounted for as a finance lease. The lease requires monthly base rental payments of a nominal amount until the purchase occurs, which we now estimate will be in 2030. As a result of the reassessment, the lease liability was remeasured and reduced to approximately $0.1 million. In conjunction with the reduction in the lease liability, the right of use asset was reduced to $0 and the difference between the lease liability and right of use asset, before the remeasurement, of approximately $9.5 million was recorded as a decrease to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2024. There can be no assurance that we will ultimately exercise the ground lease purchase option on the schedule currently contemplated or at all. Secured Debt On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue located in Washington, DC (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial 5 Table of Contents Statements). The property is subject to existing mortgage indebtedness. At acquisition, the mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of approximately $207.1 million, bore interest at 3.61% per annum and was scheduled to mature on January 5, 2025. The mortgage loan was recorded at a fair value of approximately $198.7 million. On January 11, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan to provide for two extension options totaling five years of additional term, each subject to certain conditions. On December 20, 2024, we exercised the first extension option to extend the maturity date to January 5, 2029. At the time of the extension, the outstanding principal balance was $202.3 million. The extended loan will bear interest at 5.00% per annum beginning January 5, 2025. The loan has a extension option remaining, subject to certain conditions. On October 8, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park properties located in Santa Monica, California. The mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of $200.0 million, bore interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum and was scheduled to mature on July 19, 2025. The modified loan is scheduled to mature on October 8, 2028 and continues to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum until July 19, 2025. Beginning July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.60% per annum through the maturity date. The entire principal is subject to interest rate swap contracts to fix Daily Simple SOFR at a fixed interest rate of approximately 2.675% per annum through April 1, 2025 (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The mortgage loan requires monthly payments during the term of the loan, with the entire principal due at maturity. Santa Monica Business Park is an office park consisting of 21 buildings totaling approximately 1.2 million net rentable square feet. Unsecured Debt On February 1, 2024, BPLP repaid $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.800% senior notes due February 1, 2024. The repayment was completed with available cash. The repayment price was approximately $713.3 million, which was equal to the stated principal plus approximately $13.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repayment date. Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price was equal to the principal amount being repaid. On April 17, 2024, BPLP established an unsecured commercial paper program. Under the terms of the program, BPLP may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any one time of $500.0 million with varying maturities of up to one year. Amounts available under the unsecured commercial paper program may be borrowed, repaid, and from time to time. The notes are sold in private placements and rank pari passu with all of BPLP’s other unsecured senior indebtedness, including its outstanding senior notes. The commercial paper program is backstopped by available capacity under BPLP’s unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2021 Credit Facility”). At December 31, 2024, BPLP had an aggregate of $500.0 million of unsecured commercial paper notes outstanding that bore interest at a rate of approximately 4.79% per annum and had a maturity of 38 days from the issuance date. On April 29, 2024, BPLP repaid $500.0 million of the outstanding balance of its $1.2 billion unsecured term loan facility (the “2023 Unsecured Term Loan”) from the proceeds of its unsecured commercial paper program. On May 16, 2024, BPLP exercised its option to extend the maturity date of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan to May 16, 2025. All other terms of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan remain unchanged (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). On April 29, 2024, BPLP increased the maximum borrowing amount under the 2021 Credit Facility from $1.815 billion to $2.0 billion. All other terms of the 2021 Credit Facility, including its maturity date of June 15, 2026, remain unchanged (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). On August 26, 2024, BPLP completed a public offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035. The notes were priced at 99.961% of the principal amount to yield an effective rate (including financing fees) of approximately 5.842% per annum to maturity. The notes will mature on January 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately $841.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses. On September 27, 2024, BPLP entered into a credit agreement that provides for a $100.0 million unsecured term loan facility (the “2024 Unsecured Term Loan”) with a lender (the “Lender”) under the mortgage loan collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park properties located in Santa Monica, California (the “SMBP Loan”). Upon entry into the credit agreement, BPLP exercised its option to draw $100.0 million under the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan. The proceeds were used to modify and repay the portion of the SMBP Loan held by the Lender. After 6 Table of Contents the repayment, the SMBP Loan had a remaining principal balance of $200.0 million. The 2024 Unsecured Term Loan matures on September 26, 2025 with three, extension options, subject to customary conditions (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Equity Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2024, BXP acquired an aggregate of 1,147,013 common units of limited partnership interest, including a total of 122,241 common units issued upon the conversion of LTIP Units, 2012 outperformance plan awards (“2012 OPP Units”) and 2013 - 2019 , incentive program awards, presented by the holders for redemption, in exchange for an equal number of shares of BXP common stock. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures On January 2, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest partially placed 651 Gateway, an approximately 327,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project in South San Francisco, California. This property was fully placed on January 2, 2025. On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC, for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million in cash (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Prior to the acquisition, we had a 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture and accounted for it under the equity method of accounting. The acquisition resulted in us having full ownership of the joint venture such that we now account for its assets, liabilities, and operations on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. As a result, we recognized a gain on consolidation of approximately $21.8 million. On February 6, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 25% ownership interest extended the maturity date of the loan collateralized by its 3 Hudson Boulevard property. At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding principal balance totaling $80.0 million and was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2024. The extended loan was scheduled to mature on May 9, 2024. On May 8, 2024, the loan was extended 30 days and on June 7, 2024, the loan was extended an additional 60 days. The extended loan continued to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus approximately 3.61% per annum and matured on August 7, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, the loan was in a maturity default and had an outstanding balance, including accrued and unpaid interest and default interest of approximately $119.6 million. The joint venture is negotiating a new loan, however, there can be no assurance that the joint venture will enter into a new loan on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all. We are the lender of the loan and the loan and accrued interest are reflected as Related Party Note Receivables, Net and Tenant and Other Receivables, Net, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 3 Hudson Boulevard consists of land and improvements held for future development located in New York, New York. On February 9, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest exercised an option to extend the maturity date of the construction loan collateralized by its 7750 Wisconsin Avenue property. The construction loan had a total commitment amount of approximately $252.6 million. The extended loan continues to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus 1.35% per annum and matures on April 26, 2025. At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding balance totaling approximately $251.6 million and was scheduled to mature on April 26, 2024. 7750 Wisconsin Avenue is a premier workplace with approximately 736,000 net rentable square feet located in Bethesda, Maryland. On July 18, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest extended by one year the maturity date of its loan collateralized by 100 Causeway Street. At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding balance totaling approximately $333.6 million, bore interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and was scheduled to mature on September 5, 2024. Following the extension, the loan will continue to bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on September 5, 2025. 100 Causeway Street is an approximately 634,000 net rentable square foot premier workplace located in Boston, Massachusetts. On August 7, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 71.11% ownership interest partially placed 360 Park Avenue South, a 20-story, premier workplace with ground floor retail located in New York City, New York, aggregating approximately 450,000 net rentable square feet. On December 13, 2024, the joint venture extended the maturity date of its mortgage loan by three years. At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding balance totaling approximately $220.0 million, bore interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 2.40% per annum, and was scheduled to mature on December 14, 2024. Following the extension, the loan bears interest at Term SOFR plus 2.50% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on December 13, 2027. 7 Table of Contents On December 13, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 20% ownership interest fully placed Skymark, a luxury residential property located in Reston, Virginia, that consists of 508 residential units aggregating approximately 417,000 net rentable square feet across a , building and an iconic 39-story tower, which is one of the tallest buildings in Northern Virginia. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized an impairment loss on our investments in Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza of approximately $168.4 million, $126.1 million and $46.8 million, respectively (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Noncontrolling Interest On March 21, 2024, we completed the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We retain a 55% ownership interest in the joint venture. The institutional investor funded approximately $97.2 million in cash at closing, which is less than 45% of the agreed upon carrying value of the property immediately prior to the transaction. The institutional investor will fund all construction costs until its equity balance is proportionate to its ownership percentage, after which we and the institutional investor will fund the development project based on our respective ownership interests. As of December 31, 2024, the equity balance for each of the investors is proportionate to their ownership percentage. The transaction did not qualify as a sale of real estate for financial reporting purposes as we continue to effectively control the property and thus will continue to account for the property on a consolidated basis in our financial statements and no gain was recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We provide customary development, property management and leasing services to the joint venture. 290 Binney Street is an approximately 573,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences development project located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Stock Option and Incentive Plan On January 25, 2024, the Compensation Committee of BXP’s Board of Directors approved a new , , incentive program (the “2024 MYLTIP”) as a performance based component of our overall compensation program under the BXP, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) to certain executive officers of BXP. Under ASC 718 “Compensation - Stock Compensation,” the 2024 MYLTIP awards have an aggregate value of approximately $11.1 million, which amount will generally be amortized into earnings under the graded vesting method. (See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). On February 1, 2024, the measurement period for our 2021 MYLTIP awards ended and, based on BXP’s absolute and relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 112% of target, or an aggregate of approximately $12.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations). As a result, an aggregate of 155,625 2021 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited. Business and Growth Strategies Business Strategies Our primary business objective is to maximize return on investment to provide our investors with the greatest possible total return at all points of the economic cycle. Our strategies to achieve this objective are: • to target a few carefully selected dynamic gateway markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC—and to be one of the leading, if not the leading, developers, owners and managers in each of those markets with a office in each market providing property management, leasing, development, construction and legal expertise. We select markets and submarkets with a diverse economic base and a deep pool of prospective clients in various industries and where clients have demonstrated a preference for premier workplaces and other facilities. Additionally, our markets have historically been able to recruit new talent to them and as such created job growth that results in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time. We have explored, and may continue to explore for future investment, select domestic and international markets that exhibit these same traits; • to emphasize markets and submarkets within those markets where the difficulty of receiving the necessary approvals for development and the necessary financing constitute high barriers to the creation of new supply, and where skill, financial strength and diligence are required to successfully develop, 8 Table of Contents finance and manage office and life sciences space, as well as selected retail and residential space; • to take on complex, technically challenging development projects, leveraging the skills of our management team to successfully develop, acquire or reposition properties that other organizations may not have the capacity or resources to pursue; • to own and develop real estate designed to meet the demands of today’s clients who require sophisticated telecommunications and related infrastructure, support services, sustainable features and amenities, including those amenities that enrich experiences and support a hybrid work environment, and to manage those facilities so as to become the landlord of choice for both existing and prospective clients; • to opportunistically acquire assets that increase our market share in the markets in which we have chosen to concentrate, as well as potential new markets, which exhibit an opportunity to improve returns through repositioning (through a combination of capital improvements and shift in marketing strategy), changes in management focus and leasing; • to explore joint venture or lending opportunities with existing property owners located in desirable locations, who seek to benefit from the depth of development and management expertise we are able to provide and our access to capital; • to pursue on a selective basis the sale of properties or interests therein, including core properties, to either (1) take advantage of the demand for our premier properties and realize the value we have created or (2) pare from our portfolio properties that we believe have slower future growth potential; • to seek development contracts to enable us to retain and utilize our existing development and construction management staff, especially when our internal development is less active or when new development is due to market conditions; and • to enhance our capital structure through our access to a variety of sources of capital and proactively manage our debt expirations. Growth Strategies External Growth Strategies We believe that our development experience, our organizational depth, utilization of our joint venture partner relationships and our balance sheet position us to continue to selectively develop a range of premier workplaces, including urban developments, developments (including office, residential and retail), suburban office and residential properties and life sciences space, within budget and on schedule. We believe we are also to achieve external growth through acquisitions. From time to time, we remove from service select office assets for which we believe we have better uses, such as residential developments. Other factors that contribute to our competitive position include: • our control of sites (including sites under contract or option to acquire and properties removed from our portfolio in anticipation of future redevelopment) in our markets that could support approximately 19.5 million additional square feet of new development; • our reputation gained through 55 years of successful operations and the stability and strength of our existing portfolio of properties; • our relationships with leading national corporations, universities and public institutions, including government agencies, seeking new facilities and development services; • our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions that provide capital to the real estate industry; • our track record and reputation for executing acquisitions efficiently provide comfort to domestic and foreign institutions, private investors and corporations who seek to sell commercial real estate in our market areas; • our ability to act quickly on due diligence and financing; 9 Table of Contents • our relationships with institutional buyers and sellers of real estate assets; • our ability to procure entitlements from multiple municipalities to develop sites and attract land owners to sell or partner with us; and • our relationship with domestic and foreign investors who seek to partner with companies like ours. Opportunities to execute our external growth strategy fall into three categories: • Development in selected submarkets. We believe the selected development of premier workplaces as well as residential buildings and complexes may be justified in our markets. We believe in acquiring land after taking into consideration timing factors relating to economic cycles and in response to market conditions that should allow for its development at the appropriate time. While we purposely concentrate in markets with high , we have demonstrated throughout our 55-year history, an ability to make carefully timed land acquisitions in submarkets where we can become one of the market leaders in establishing rent and other business terms. We believe that there are opportunities at key locations in our existing and other markets for a developer to acquire land or buildings with development or redevelopment potential. In the past, we have been particularly successful at acquiring sites or options to purchase sites that need governmental approvals for development. Because of our development expertise, knowledge of the governmental approval process and reputation for quality development with local government regulatory bodies, we generally have been able to secure the permits necessary to allow development and to profit from the resulting increase in land value. We seek complex projects where we can add value through the efforts of our experienced and skilled management team leading to attractive returns on investment. Our strong regional relationships and recognized development expertise have enabled us to capitalize on unique opportunities. We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn relatively significant returns on these development opportunities through multiple business cycles. • Acquisition of assets and portfolios of assets from institutions, including lenders, or individuals. We believe that due to our size, management strength and reputation, we are well positioned to acquire portfolios of assets or individual properties from institutions or individuals if valuations meet our criteria. In addition, we believe that our market knowledge and our liquidity and access to capital may provide us with a competitive advantage when pursuing acquisitions. Opportunities to acquire properties may also come through the purchase of first mortgage or mezzanine debt. We are also able to appeal to sellers wishing to contribute on a basis their ownership of property for equity in a diversified real estate operating company that offers liquidity through access to the public equity markets in addition to a quarterly distribution. Our ability to offer common and preferred units of limited partnership in BPLP to sellers who would otherwise recognize a taxable gain upon a sale of assets for cash or BXP’s common stock may facilitate these types of acquisitions on a basis. Existing promulgated Treasury regulations may limit the tax benefits previously available to sellers in some variations of these transactions. • Acquisition of underperforming assets and portfolios of assets . We believe that because of our market knowledge and development experience in each of our markets, our national reputation with brokers, financial institutions, owners of real estate and others involved in the real estate market and our access to competitively-priced capital, we are to identify and acquire existing, underperforming properties for competitive prices and to add significant additional value to such properties through our effective marketing strategies, repositioning/redevelopment expertise and a responsive property management program. Internal Growth Strategies We believe that opportunities will exist to increase cash flow from our existing properties through an increase in occupancy and rental rates because they are of high quality and in desirable locations. Additionally, our markets have diversified economies that have historically experienced job growth and increased use of office space, resulting in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time. Our strategy for maximizing the benefits from these opportunities is : (1) to provide property management services using our employees in order to encourage clients to renew, expand and relocate in our properties, (2) to achieve speed and transaction cost 10 Table of Contents efficiency in replacing departing clients through the use of services for marketing, lease negotiation and construction of tenant and capital improvements and (3) to work with new or existing clients with space expansion or contraction needs, leveraging our expertise and clustering of assets to maximize the cash flow from our assets. We expect to continue our internal growth as a result of our ability to: • Cultivate existing submarkets and relationships with credit clients. In choosing locations for our properties, we have paid particular attention to transportation and commuting patterns, physical environment, adjacency to established business centers and amenities, proximity to sources of business growth and other local factors. At December 31, 2024, the lease term of our leases based on square feet, including leases signed by our unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 7.8 years and we continue to cultivate leasing relationships with a diverse base of , financially stable clients. In 2024, we executed approximately 5.6 million square feet of leases with a lease term of 9.8 years. Based on leases in place at December 31, 2024, leases with respect to approximately 7.0% of the total square feet in our portfolio, including unconsolidated joint ventures, will expire in calendar year 2025. • Directly manage our office properties to maximize the potential for client retention. We provide property management services ourselves, rather than contracting for this service, to maintain awareness of and responsiveness to client needs. We and our properties also benefit from cost efficiencies produced by an experienced work force attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management and from our continuing programs to assure that our property management personnel at all levels remain aware of their important role in client relations. In addition, we reinvest in our properties by adding new services and amenities that are desirable to our clients. • Replace clients quickly at best available market terms and lowest possible transaction costs . We believe that we are to attract new clients and achieve relatively high rental and occupancy rates as a result of our , and properties, our reputation for building services and responsiveness to clients, and our ability to offer expansion and relocation alternatives within our submarkets. • Extend terms of existing leases to existing clients prior to expiration . We have also successfully structured early client renewals, which have reduced the cost associated with lease downtime while securing the tenancy of our highest quality clients on a basis and enhancing relationships. • of existing assets. We believe the select of assets within our portfolio, where through the ability to increase the building size and/or to increase cash flow and generate appropriate returns on incremental investment after consideration of the asset’s current and future cash flows, may be desirable. This generally occurs in situations in which we are able to increase the building’s size, improve building systems, including conversion to higher yielding life sciences uses, and sustainability features, and/or add client amenities, thereby increasing client demand, generating acceptable returns on incremental investment and enhancing the value of the property and the company. In the past, we have been particularly successful at gaining local government approval for increased density at several of our assets, providing the opportunity to enhance value at a particular location. Our strong regional relationships and recognized expertise have enabled us to capitalize on unique opportunities. We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn attractive returns on these development opportunities through multiple business cycles. Sustainability Our Strategy We are committed to maximizing value for our shareholders through, among other strategies, actively working to promote our growth and operations sustainably and responsibly across our six dynamic gateway markets. BXP’s sustainability strategy is to conduct our business, the development, ownership and operation of new and existing buildings, in a manner that contributes to positive outcomes for our clients, shareholders, employees and the communities we serve (collectively, our “stakeholders”). Our investment philosophy is shaped by our core strategy of ownership and our commitment to our communities and the centers of commerce 11 Table of Contents and civic life that make them thrive. We are focused on developing and maintaining healthy, buildings, while simultaneously mitigating operational costs and the potential external impacts of energy, water, waste, greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and climate change. Through our efforts, we demonstrate that operating and developing commercial real estate can be conducted with a conscious regard for the environment while mutually benefiting our stakeholders. Sustainability Leadership BXP is a widely recognized industry leader in sustainability, and our 2024 highlights include: • BXP ranked among the top real estate companies in the GRESB assessment, earning a ninth consecutive 5-star rating. 2024 was the thirteenth consecutive year that BXP earned the GRESB “Green Star” designation • BXP maintained an MSCI rating of “AA” and a CDP score of “B” • BXP was named to Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies for the fifth consecutive year, ranking 83rd out of 600 companies, and was also named to Newsweek’s America’s Greenest Companies with a 4.5-star rating • BXP was named a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the fourth consecutive year. BXP was one of eight real estate companies that qualified and the only office REIT in the index, scoring in the 93rd percentile of the real estate companies assessed for inclusion • BXP was recognized as one of TIME Magazine’s World’s Most Sustainable Companies, ranking 79th out of 500 companies and the United States property owner • BXP earned Nareit’s Leader in the Light Office award, in addition to Nareit’s Sustainability Impact Award - Sustainable Design for 140 Kendrick Street - Building A • BXP was named an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award Winner • BXP continued its tenure as an inaugural Platinum Level Green Lease Leader by the Institute for Market Transformation and the U.S. Department of Energy Our leadership position is due, in part, to our establishment of environmental goals, the periodic reporting of progress toward our goals and the achievement of these goals, which we report in an annual Sustainability & Impact Report that is made available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Commitment”. We have publicly adopted energy, water, building certification, waste and GHG emissions goals, including a commitment to achieving operations (for direct and indirect Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions) by 2025 from our occupied and actively managed buildings where we have operational control. We have also provided disclosures aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). Detailed information on these goals and targets and our TCFD disclosures are included in our Sustainability & Impact Reports. We expect to publish our next report in April 2025. The Sustainability & Impact Reports and the related information contained on our website (or that can be accessed through our website) are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Disclosures The Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard issued by SASB in 2018 proposed sustainability accounting metrics designed for disclosure in mandatory filings, such as the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and serves as the framework against which we have aligned our disclosures for sustainability information. The recommended energy and water management activity metrics for the real estate industry include energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of floor area (“Energy Intensity”); percentage of the eligible portfolio that is certified ENERGY STAR® (“ENERGY STAR certified”); total energy consumed by portfolio area (“Total Energy Consumption”); water withdrawal as a percentage of total floor area (“Water Intensity”); and total water withdrawn by portfolio area (“Total Water Consumption”). Our energy and water data is collected from utility bills and submeters and is assured by an independent, assurance expert, which includes all 2023 SASB energy and water metrics. During the 2024 calendar year, 69 buildings representing 59% of total portfolio were ENERGY STAR certified. A licensed professional has verified all ENERGY STAR applications. 12 Table of Contents The charts below detail our Energy Intensity, Total Energy Consumption, Water Intensity and Total Water Consumption for 2015 through 2023 for which data were available on occupied and actively managed office buildings where we had operational control. 1,2,3,4,5,6 _______________ (1) Full 2024 calendar year energy and water data will not be available and assured by a third party until April 2025. Therefore, 2023 is the most recent year for which complete and assured energy and water data is available. (2) The charts reflect the performance of our occupied and actively managed office portfolio. We define “occupied buildings” as those with no more than 50% vacancy. Actively managed office buildings are buildings over which we have operational control of building system performance and investment decisions. At the end of the 2023 calendar year, our occupied and actively managed office portfolio included 77 buildings totaling 40.8 million gross square feet, and it accounted for approximately 75% of BXP’s total portfolio by area. (3) Floor area is considered to have complete energy consumption data coverage when we obtain energy consumption data (i.e., energy types and amounts consumed) for all types of energy consumed in the relevant floor area during the calendar year, regardless of when such data was obtained. (4) The scope of energy includes energy purchased from sources external to us and our clients or produced by us or our clients and energy from all sources, including fuel, gas, electricity and steam. Energy use intensity (kBtu/SF) has been . (5) Water sources include surface water (including water from wetlands, rivers, lakes and oceans), groundwater, rainwater collected directly and stored by BXP, municipal water supplies or supply from other water utilities. (6) 2020 and 2021 data reflect the combined impacts of efficiency measures, renewable energy and reduced physical occupancy due to the pandemic. Occupancy was not significantly reduced in 2023. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2024, we had 710 employees and 106 union employees. Because the unions control the primary aspects of the hiring process, except as otherwise noted, all data provided in this Human Capital Management section refers to BXP’s employee workforce only. Our operational and financial performance depends on the talents, energy, experience and of our employees. Our ability to attract and retain talented people depends on a number of factors, including work environment, career development and professional training, compensation and benefits, and the health, safety and wellness of our employees. Our workforce provides a strategic business advantage as it is one of our most valuable assets. We are committed to the quality, growth and development of our people as part of our strategy to drive value for our shareholders. We aim to ensure that all employees have the opportunity to make their maximum contribution to us and to their own career goals. It has been, and will continue to be, our policy to recruit, hire, assign, promote and train in all job titles without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. Our hiring practices do not, and have not, included quotas or numerical targets based on any of these characteristics. Culture & Employee Engagement We believe that the success of our business is tied to the quality of our workforce, and we strive to maintain a corporate environment without losing the entrepreneurial spirit with which we were founded 55 years ago. By 13 Table of Contents providing a quality workplace and comprehensive benefit programs, we recognize the commitment of our employees to bring their talent, energy and experience to us. Our continued success will depend on our employees’ expertise and dedication. Our workforce, as referred to in this section, excludes intern employees and union employees for which the unions control primary aspects of the hiring process. We periodically conduct employee engagement surveys to monitor our employees’ satisfaction in different aspects of their employment, including company performance, leadership, communication, career development and benefits offerings. Past employee responsiveness to the engagement surveys has been consistently high and the results help inform us on matters that our employees view as key contributors to a positive work experience. We intend to continue to periodically evaluate employee engagement as needed on a meaningful basis. Another indicator of the success of our efforts in the workplace is the long tenure of our employees. Approximately 34% of our employees have worked at BXP for ten or more years. The average tenure of our employees is approximately 9.5 years and that of our officers is 18.4 years. In 2024, our voluntary workforce turnover rate was 10.8%. Career Development & Training We invest significant resources in our employees’ personal and professional growth and development and provide a wide range of tools and development opportunities that build and strengthen employees’ leadership and professional skills. These development opportunities include and virtual training sessions, learning opportunities, various management trainings, departmental conferences, executive town halls and external programs. We foster an environment of growth and internal promotion and strive for a process that is grounded in efficiency, transparency and collaboration for our internal candidates. Open positions are posted, and employees are highly encouraged to apply for promotion within the organization. In 2024, more than 6% of our employees were promoted to elevated roles within our organization. Compensation & Benefits We designed our compensation program with the goal of providing a balanced and effective way of ensuring internal equity and market competitiveness in our pay practices. We have coupled external, data with a comprehensive performance review assessment tool to strike the balance that best represents our compensation strategy and links pay to performance. On an annual basis, our Human Resources department evaluates market compensation ranges for each position to ensure we are appropriately compensating our employees. We believe this total rewards program directly aligns with our compensation and benefits strategy. Our employee benefit programs are designed to meet the needs of our workforce by offering comprehensive and competitive programs to support our employees and their families. These programs provide flexibility and choice in coverage, valuable resources to protect and enhance financial security, and benefits that help balance work and personal life. Some of the benefits that we offer our employees include: • health (including telehealth), dental and vision insurance, • health savings account, • a 401(k) plan with a generous matching contribution, • an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase our common stock at a discount, • health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts, • income protection through our sick pay, salary continuation and disability policies and life insurance, • a scholarship program for the children of employees, • tuition reimbursement, • a commuter subsidy to encourage and support the use of public transportation, • paid vacation, holiday, personal days, a volunteer day program, and paid parental leave to balance work and personal life, • wellness and mental health programs, • employee assistance program, 14 Table of Contents • matching charitable gift program, • child and elder care, and • pet insurance. Health, Safety & Wellness As one of the largest publicly traded premier workplace REITs (based on total market capitalization as of December 31, 2024) in the United States, we are keenly aware of the influence of buildings on human health and its importance to our clients and employees. The health, safety and security of our employees, clients, contractors and other visitors to our properties are our highest priority. We have implemented numerous operational measures to promote better health and safety in our buildings, including measures related to indoor air quality in our buildings. We believe the success of our employees is dependent upon their overall , including their physical health, mental health, balance and financial . In addition to the benefits outlined above, we also offer our employees an Employee Wellness Program, an Employee Assistance Program and a Mental Health Program. The Employee Wellness Program was established in 2016 to encourage employees to improve their health and by offering a variety of activities and engaging content to meet individual wellness goals. Qualifying program participants receive a discount on a portion of their health insurance cost. The Employee Assistance Program includes services for childcare, eldercare, personal relationship information, financial planning assistance, stress management, mental illness and general wellness and . BXP also offers a premium mental health program that provides online resources and support for employees facing a wide variety of issues. Policies with Respect to Certain Activities The discussion below sets forth certain additional information regarding our investment, financing and other policies. These policies have been determined by BXP’s Board of Directors and, in general, may be amended or revised from time to time by the Board of Directors. Investment Policies Investments in Real Estate or Interests in Real Estate Our investment objectives are to provide quarterly cash dividends/distributions to our securityholders and to achieve capital appreciation through increases in our value. We have not established a specific policy regarding the relative priority of these investment objectives. We expect to continue to pursue our investment objectives primarily through the ownership of our current properties, development and redevelopment projects and other acquired properties. We currently intend to continue to invest primarily in developments of properties and acquisitions of existing improved properties or properties in need of redevelopment, and acquisitions of land that we believe have development potential, primarily in our existing markets of Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. We have explored and may continue to explore for future investment in select domestic and international markets that exhibit these same traits. Future investment or development activities will not be limited to a specified percentage of our assets. We intend to engage in such future investment or development activities in a manner that is consistent with the maintenance of BXP’s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In addition, we may purchase or lease commercial and other types of properties for investment, expand and improve the real estate presently owned or other properties purchased, or sell such real estate properties, in whole or in part, when circumstances warrant. We do not have a policy that restricts the amount or percentage of assets that will be invested in any specific property, however, our investments may be restricted by our debt covenants. We may also continue to participate with third parties in property ownership, through joint ventures or other types of . These investments may permit us to own interests in larger assets without unduly restricting diversification and, therefore, add flexibility in structuring our portfolio. Equity investments may be subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or such financing or indebtedness as may be incurred in connection with acquiring or refinancing these investments. Debt service on such financing or indebtedness will have a priority over any distributions with respect to BXP’s common stock. Investments are also subject to our policy not to be treated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). 15 Table of Contents Investments in Real Estate Mortgages and Mezzanine Debt While our current portfolio consists primarily of, and our business objectives emphasize, equity investments in commercial real estate, we may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of BXP, invest in mortgages and other types of real estate interests consistent with BXP’s qualification as a REIT. Investments in real estate mortgages run the risk that one or more borrowers may default under such mortgages and that the collateral securing such mortgages may not be sufficient to enable us to recoup our full investment. We may invest in participating, convertible or traditional mortgages if we conclude that we may benefit from the cash flow, or any appreciation in value of the property or as an entrance to the fee ownership. As of December 31, 2024, we had one note receivable and two related party note receivables outstanding, which totaled approximately $93.7 million, after adjustments for financing costs and the current expected credit loss allowance. Securities of or Interests in Entities Primarily Engaged in Real Estate Activities Subject to the percentage of ownership limitations and gross income and asset tests necessary for BXP’s REIT qualification, we also may invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities. Dispositions We decide to dispose or partially dispose of properties based upon a periodic review of our portfolio and the determination by the Board of Directors of BXP that doing so is in our best interests. Any decision to dispose of a property will be authorized by the Board of Directors of BXP or a committee thereof. Some holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP could incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our properties that differ from the tax consequences to BXP. Consequently, holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale. Such different tax treatment derives in most cases from the fact that we acquired these properties in exchange for partnership interests in contribution transactions structured to allow the prior owners to defer taxable gain. Generally, this deferral continues so long as we do not dispose of the properties in a taxable transaction. Unless a sale by us of these properties is structured as a exchange under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or in a manner that otherwise allows deferral to continue, recognition of the deferred tax gain allocable to these prior owners is generally triggered by a sale. As of December 31, 2024, we had one property that was subject to a tax protection agreement, which may limit our ability to dispose of the asset or require us to pay damages to the prior owner in the event of a taxable sale in violation of the agreement. The tax protection agreement expires on December 14, 2033, or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. Financing Policies The agreement of limited partnership of BPLP and BXP’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur. Further, we do not have a policy limiting the amount of indebtedness that we may incur, nor have we established any limit on the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any single property or on our portfolio as a whole. However, our mortgages, credit facilities, joint venture agreements and unsecured debt securities contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness. In addition, we evaluate the impact of incremental leverage on our debt metrics and the credit ratings of BPLP’s publicly traded debt. A reduction in BPLP’s credit ratings could result in us borrowing money at higher interest rates. The Board of Directors of BXP will consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, including the purchase price of properties to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing, the cost and effectiveness of entering into interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts and the ability of particular properties, and us as a whole, to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. Policies with Respect to Other Activities As the sole general partner of BPLP, BXP has the authority to issue additional common and preferred units of limited partnership interest of BPLP. BXP has issued, and may in the future issue, common or preferred units of limited partnership interest to persons who contribute their direct or indirect interests in properties to us in exchange for such common or preferred units. We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of securities of issuers other than BXP and BPLP does not intend to do so. At all times, we intend to make investments in such a manner as to enable BXP to maintain its qualification as a REIT, unless, due to changes in 16 Table of Contents circumstances or to the Code, the Board of Directors of BXP determines that it is no longer in the best interest of BXP to qualify as a REIT. We may make loans to third parties, including, without limitation, to joint ventures in which we participate or in connection with the disposition of a property. We intend to make investments in such a way that we will not be treated as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Our policies with respect to these and other activities may be reviewed and modified or amended from time to time by the Board of Directors of BXP. Governmental Regulations General Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, (1) federal securities laws and regulations, (2) applicable stock exchange requirements, and (3) federal, state and local laws and regulations related to (a) our status as a REIT and other tax laws and regulations, and (b) real property, the improvements thereon and the operation thereof, such as laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety, zoning, usage, building, fire and life safety codes, (4) the requirements of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and (5) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. In addition to the discussion below, see “ Item 1A. – Risk Factors ” for a discussion of these governmental regulations and other material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, and see “ Item 7— Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” together with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. Environmental Matters It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties. These environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a material adverse effect. However, from time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action. For example, in February 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from Exxon Corporation a property in Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. We developed an office park on the property. We engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. Under the property acquisition agreement, Exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. Any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses and contractual limitations, including time limits, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges. Environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have identified groundwater contamination migrating from source properties. In each case we engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. In each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. We also believe that these properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. Although we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem necessary or advisable. Other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time. 17 Table of Contents Some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination. Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. In these situations, it is our practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected contamination, including potential issues associated with vapor intrusion concerns and/or potential contaminant migration to or from the subject property in ground water, assess potential liability risks and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. We then use this information as part of our process with respect to the acquisition, deal structure and/or development of the property. For example, we own a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain contaminants. We have developed an office park on this property. Prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this site. The submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws. We expect that resolution of the environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, we cannot assure you that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in the event that such environmental liabilities arise. Corporate Governance BXP is currently governed by an Board of Directors. The current members of the Board of Directors of BXP are Bruce W. Duncan, Carol B. Einiger, Diane J. Hoskins, Mary E. Kipp, Joel I. Klein, Douglas T. Linde, Matthew J. Lustig, Timothy J. Naughton, Owen D. Thomas, William H. Walton III, and Derek A. (Tony) West. All directors of BXP stand for election for terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders. Owen D. Thomas currently serves as the Chairman of BXP’s Board of Directors and Joel I. Klein serves as our Lead Independent Director. The Board of Directors of BXP also has Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees. The membership of each of these committees is described below. Audit Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Sustainability Bruce W. Duncan X (1) X X Carol B. Einiger X X Diane J. Hoskins X X (1) Mary E. Kipp X X Joel I. Klein* X (1) Douglas T. Linde X Matthew J. Lustig X (1) X Timothy J. Naughton X X Owen D. Thomas (2) X William H. Walton III X Derek A. (Tony) West X *=Lead Independent Director, X=Committee member, (1)=Committee Chair, (2)=Chairman of BXP’s Board of Directors 18 Table of Contents BXP has the following corporate governance documents and procedures in place: • The Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. A copy of each of these charters is available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Investors” and subheading “Governance.” • The

[truncated]