BETA Close X Trading in Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC's Global Depositary Receipts, each representing one ordinary share of BDT10, has been restored on AIM effective from 7:30 am on June 26, 2026. The temporary suspension was lifted following the publication of the company's annual audited accounts. Disclaimer* AIM 26 June 2026 NOTICE 26/06/2026 7:30am RESTORATION OF TRADING ON AIM BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS PLC Trading on AIM for the under-mentioned securities was temporarily suspended. The suspension is lifted from 26/06/2026 7:30am, the annual audited accounts having been published. GLOBAL DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS (EACH REPRESENTING 1 ORDINARY SHARE OF BDT10 EACH), FULLY PAID (B0DM5S5) (US0885792061) If you have any queries relating to the above, please contact the company's nominated adviser on +44 (0)20 3368 3551 / 3555. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and