BETA Close X Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC will have its GDRs temporarily suspended from trading on AIM starting January 2, 2026, due to a delay in publishing its annual results for the year ended June 30, 2025, which is required by AIM Rule 19. This delay stems from an ongoing legal matter in the High Court of Bangladesh concerning the proposed appointment of additional independent non-executive directors, with a decision now not expected until January 2026 at the earliest. Trading will continue on the Dhaka and Chittagong Stock Exchanges. Disclaimer* Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC 19 December 2025 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement via Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 19 December 2025 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS PLC. Delay in Publication of Annual Results and Temporary Suspension of Trading in GDRs on AIM Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC ("the Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, announces that, as it will not be able to announce its final results and publish its Annual Report and Accounts, for the year ended 30 June 2025, before 31 December 2025, in compliance with Rule 19 of the AIM Rules ("AIM Rule 19"), trading in the Company's GDRs on AIM, will be temporarily suspended from 07.30 a.m. on 2 January 2026. The Board has been unable to approve and publish financial results for the year ended 30 June 2025, including its audited annual results ("2025 Annual Results"), as a meeting of the Board of Directors is required. This is not possible currently because, in line with the Company's previous announcements, the most recent of which was dated 13 November 2025, Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission ("BSEC")'s proposed appointment of an additional nine independent non-executive directors to the Company's Board of Directors remains outstanding in the High Court of Bangladesh ("High Court"). The High Court is now in recess and due to a restructuring of the High Court Benches during 2025, the Company has been informed that its case will now have to be heard from the start in front of a new High Court Bench. The Company therefore believes that the High Court's decision on the BSEC Order will not be forthcoming until January 2026 at the earliest. Following the High Court's decision, the Company will then be able to approve and publish its annual results and anticipates that the suspension will be lifted at that time. Shares will continue to trade on the Dhaka Stock Exchange and the Chittagong Stock Exchange. The Company will continue to make announcements regarding any developments that need to be disclosed in accordance with its obligations under the AIM Rules, whilst the temporary suspension is in place. For further information please visit www.beximcopharma.com or enquire to : Beximco Pharma Mohammad Ali Nawaz, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +880 2 58611001, Ext. 20030 Mohammad Asad Ullah, FCS Executive Director & Company Secretary Tel: +880 2 41060531, Ext. 10140 SPARK Advisory Partners Limited (Nominated Adviser) Mark Brady / Andrew Emmott Tel: +44 (0)20 3368 3551 / 3555 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Broker) Matthew Johnson Tel: +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 FTI Consulting Simon Conway / Sam Purewal Tel: +44 (0)20 3727 1000 Notes to Editors About Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC. Beximco Pharma is a leading manufacturer and exporter of medicines based in Bangladesh. Since its inception in 1976, the Company remains committed to health and wellbeing of people across all the continents by providing access to contemporary medicines. Company's broad portfolio of generics encompasses diverse delivery systems such as tablets, capsules, liquids, semi-solids, intravenous fluids, metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers, sterile ophthalmic drops, insulins, prefilled syringes, injectables, nebuliser solutions, oral soluble films etc. The Company also undertakes contract manufacturing for multinational and leading global generic pharmaceutical companies. Beximco Pharma′s state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are certified by global regulatory authorities of USA, Europe, Australia, Canada, GCC and Latin America, among others and it has a geographic footprint in more than 50 countries. More than 6000 employees are driving the company towards achieving its aspiration to be among the most admired companies in the region. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and