AGM Notification Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd 19 November 2024 19 November 2024 BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED AGM Notification Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited ("Beximco Pharma", "BPL" or "the Company"; AIM Symbol: BXP, LEI No.: 213800IMBBD6TIOQGB56), the fast-growing manufacturer of generic pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, today announces that the forty-eighth Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) of Beximco Pharma will be held on Sunday, the 29th December, 2024 at 10.30 am Bangladesh time under the Virtual Platform through https://bxpharma.bdvirtualagm.com to transact the following business: AGENDA ORDINARY BUSINESS: 1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on 30th June, 2024 together with reports of the Auditors and the Directors thereon. 2. To declare 40% cash dividend as recommended by the Board of Directors. 3. To elect Directors. 4. To approve the appointment of Managing Director. 5. To approve the re-appointment of Independent Director. 6. To appoint Statutory Auditors for the year 2024-25 and to fix their remuneration. 7. To appoint Corporate Governance Compliance Auditors for the year 2024-25 and to fix their remuneration. SPECIAL BUSINESS: To pass Special Resolutions to change the name of the Company from "Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited" to "Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC" as per the provision of the Companies Act, 1994 (as amended in 2020) and to effect the change of the name in the relevant Clauses of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. The draft of the Special Resolutions proposed to be passed is given below: "Resolved that the name of the Company be changed from Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited to Beximco Pharmaceuticals PLC and the new name of the Company be incorporated in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and an amended copy of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be and is hereby adopted and the same be filed with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, Dhaka, Bangladesh for record." Dated: November 18, 2024 By order of the Board, Sd/- (MOHAMMAD ASAD ULLAH, FCS) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & COMPANY SECRETARY NOTES: (1) The Shareholders whose names appear in the Share Register of the Company or in the Depository Register on the record date i.e. 25 November, 2024 will be entitled to receive the dividend and to attend the Annual General Meeting. (2) A Member entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting may appoint a Proxy to attend and vote in his/her stead. The Proxy Form, duly stamped, must be deposited at the Share Department of the Company at BEL Tower, Level-2, 19 Dhanmondi, Road No.1, Dhaka-1205, no later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. (3) Annual Report for the year 2023-24 will be sent through e-mail address of the valued Shareholders and will be available in the Website of the Company at: www.beximcopharma.com . (4) The valued Shareholders will join the Virtual AGM through the Link https://bxpharma.bdvirtualagm.com . The Shareholders will be able to submit their questions/comments and vote electronically 24 (Twenty-four) hours before commencement of the AGM and also during the AGM. For logging into the system, the Shareholders need to put their 16-digit Beneficial Owner (BO) ID/Folio Number and other credential as proof by visiting the said Link. (5) We encourage the Shareholders to login into the system prior to the meeting. Please allow ample time to login and establish your connectivity. For any IT related guidance, Shareholders may contact vide email : monir@beximco.net or mazibur@beximco.net . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BEXIMCO PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED (BXP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and