Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 105 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 105 Item 9B. Other Information 106 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 106 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 107 Item 11. Executive Compensation 107 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 107 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 107 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 107 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 108 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 111 Unless otherwise indicated, references herein to specific years and quarters are to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters, and references to financial information are on a consolidated basis. As used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” “WD” and “Western Digital” refer to Western Digital Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless we state, or the context indicates, otherwise. WD, a Delaware corporation, is the parent company of our data storage business. Our principal executive offices are located at 5601 Great Oaks Parkway, San Jose, California 95119. Our telephone number is (408) 717-6000. Western Digital, the Western Digital logo and WD are registered trademarks or trademarks of Western Digital or its affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks, registered trademarks and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. 2 Table of Contents STATEMENTS This document contains statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are statements. You can identify some of the statements by the use of words, such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast,” and the like, or the use of future tense. Statements concerning current conditions may also be if they imply a continuation of current conditions. Examples of statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning: the impact of the global macroeconomic environment, including tariffs; expectations regarding demand trends, market opportunities and our market position, including related to artificial intelligence (“AI”); our product development and technology plans and business strategies; consumer trends and market conditions; expectations regarding our future financial performance; expectations regarding capital expenditure plans and investments; expectations regarding our tax resolutions, effective tax rate and our unrecognized tax benefits; expectations regarding the merits of our position and our plans with respect to certain litigation matters; and our beliefs regarding our capital allocation plans, including our quarterly dividend program and our share repurchase program, and the sufficiency of our available liquidity to meet our working capital, debt and capital expenditure needs. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, represent the most current information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. These risks and uncertainties are described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect the outcome of our statements and our business and operating results, including those made in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any of those made in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update or revise these statements to reflect new information or events after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.westerndigital.com . References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Western Digital was founded in 1970 and is a Standard & Poor’s 500 (“S&P 500”) company headquartered in San Jose, California. We are a leading developer, manufacturer, and provider of data storage devices and solutions based on hard disk drive (“HDD”) technology. HDDs are critical components in the worldwide data infrastructure market, powering the digital economy. HDDs provide reliable, , storage needs for a wide range of applications, ranging from cloud data centers, enterprise storage systems, edge computing, and smart video to client and consumer devices. At Western Digital, we believe that data storage provides the strategic foundation for the data economy. We focus on designing and building data storage solutions that are intelligent, efficient, and reliable. We execute on this mission through rigorous scientific research, engineering excellence, and deep customer collaboration, so that each product advancement provides value for our customers and shareholders. With much of the world’s data stored on Western Digital products, our innovation helps drive the global storage technology ecosystem, anchored in the cloud, and extending from consumer devices to the edge. Our broad portfolio of technology and products, sold under the Western Digital® and WD® brands, addresses our customers’ storage needs through multiple end markets: “Cloud,” “Client” and “Consumer”. Cloud . Cloud represents our largest and fastest growing end market comprised primarily of products for public or private cloud environments and enterprise customers. We enable cloud, Internet and social media infrastructure players to build more powerful, and efficient data centers. We provide the Cloud end market with an array of enterprise HDDs. Our enterprise HDDs address growing storage demands with high reliability, easy scalability, and lower time to value for our customers — all while delivering a low total cost of ownership for cloud data center and smart video system markets. These drives are primarily for use in data storage systems, in tiered storage models and where data must be stored reliably for years. Client . Through the Client end market, we provide our original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and channel customers a broad array of HDD solutions across desktop and notebooks. Our products are designed for use in devices requiring high performance, reliability and capacity with various attributes such as low cost per gigabyte, quiet acoustics, and low power consumption. Consumer . We have also built strong consumer brand recognition with tools to help individuals manage vast libraries of personal content and to push the limits of what is possible for storage. We serve the Consumer end market with a portfolio of HDD external storage products that we offer globally through our retail and channel partners. Industry We operate in the data storage industry. The ability to access, store and share data from anywhere on any device is increasingly important to our customers and end users. From the intelligent edge to the cloud, data storage is not just foundational to AI, but also a fundamental component underpinning global technology architecture. Our strengths in innovation, areal density and cost leadership provide a foundation upon which we are solidifying our position as an essential building block of the data economy. We believe there is tremendous market opportunity created by the rapid global adoption of technology built with cloud infrastructure, connected intelligent devices, and networks. The increase in computing complexity and advancements in AI, along with growth in cloud computing applications, connected mobile devices and products and edge devices is driving rapid growth in the volume of digital content to be stored and used. While this growth has led to the creation of several form factors for data storage and an increasing use of a tiered architecture approach, HDDs occupy a unique place in the market by providing an economical means to create, store and utilize an increasing amount of data in the age of AI. We believe HDDs provide a sustainable total cost of ownership advantage to our cloud customers to meet their storage needs. 4 Table of Contents Research and Technology The strong growth in the amount, value and use of data continues to create a global need for larger, faster and more capable storage solutions. We have extensive customer, partner and channel relationships across our end markets and geographies and a rich heritage of innovation and operational excellence. We have a wide range of intellectual property (“IP”) assets, including patent portfolios containing approximately 4,700 active patents , covering groundbreaking data storage technologies, magnetic recording and other technology building blocks. We have broad research and development (“R&D”) capabilities and devote substantial resources to the development of new products and the improvement of existing products. We focus our engineering efforts on optimizing our product design and manufacturing processes to bring our products to market in a and timely manner. We continue to transform ourselves to address the growth in data by providing what we believe to be the broadest range of storage technologies in the industry with a comprehensive product portfolio and global reach. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. HDD products provide data storage by recording magnetic information on rotating disks. We design and manufacture substantially all of the recording head and magnetic media in our HDD products, positioning us as an industry leader in innovations that drive higher areal density and superior performance. Our improvements in HDD capacity, which lower product costs over time, have been enabled largely through advancements in magnetic recording head and media technologies. Our product roadmap for HDDs, which include ePMR, OptiNAND, UltraSMR, magnetic recording (“HAMR”) and triple stage actuators to deliver a portfolio of drives, in commercial volumes, at a wide variety of capacity points, puts Western Digital in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the large and growing storage markets. We invest considerable resources in R&D, manufacturing infrastructure and capital equipment for recording head and media technology, as well as other aspects of the magnetic recording system such as HDD mechanics, controller and firmware technology, in order to secure our competitive position and cost structure. Our products generally leverage a common platform for various products within product families, and in some cases across product families, resulting in the commonality of components which reduces our exposure to changes in demand, facilitates inventory management and allows us to achieve lower costs through purchasing economies. This platform strategy also enables our customers to leverage their qualification efforts onto successive product models. Competition We believe we are in a competitive industry with our leading product portfolio, differentiated innovation engine, global manufacturing footprint, and leadership in driving areal density and cost efficiency. Nevertheless, we face strong competition from several manufacturers of storage products and storage systems and solutions, whether directly or indirectly. Our competitors include HDD competitors such as Seagate Technology Holdings plc, and Toshiba Electronic Devices & Storage Corporation along with NAND flash suppliers that provide and enable alternative storage technologies, as well as storage systems and solutions providers. Business Strategy Our vision is to unleash the power and value of data. Our mission is to be the market leader in data storage by delivering storage solutions for now and the future. By understanding our customers’ needs, together we can help them unlock the value and power of data that we are starting to see come to the fore, especially in this age of AI. Our overall strategy focuses on leadership, innovation and execution, based on our core capabilities grounded in magnetics and photonics expertise and our strength in fabrication. Our goal is to further WD as an and developer, manufacturer and provider of advanced technology storage devices and solutions that support and enable the proliferation of data. We believe this positions us well for emerging opportunities in adjacent and new technology markets. Our strategy reflects the following foundational elements: (1) Enhanced customer focus for driving greater customer advocacy and deeper customer engagement across our current and future addressable markets, (2) Product and technology leadership for realizing the best total cost of ownership through disciplined product management and for enabling innovation in new product categories, (3) Rigorous financial discipline by having a clear capital allocation strategy, ambitious financial targets and prudent capital investment, (4) Operational excellence for driving cost to achieve margin profiles with strong execution, (5) Innovation and growth for creating new products and applications and identifying new market opportunities, and (6) High performance teams with the skill sets to meet business needs. Patents, Licenses and Proprietary Information We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our IP rights. 5 Table of Contents We have approximately 4,700 active patents worldwide and have many patent applications in process. We continually seek additional United States (“U.S.”) and international patents on our technology. We believe that, although our active patents and patent applications have considerable value, the successful manufacturing and marketing of our products also depends upon the technical and managerial competence of our staff. Accordingly, the patents held and applied for cannot alone ensure our future success. In addition to patent protection of certain IP rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We believe that our IP, particularly some of our process technology, is an important factor in our success. We rely upon agreements, contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. Despite these safeguards, there is a risk that competitors may obtain and use such information. The laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business may provide less protection for confidential information than the laws of the U.S. We rely on certain technology that we license from other parties to manufacture and sell our products. We believe that we have adequate and other agreements in place in addition to our own IP portfolio to compete successfully in the storage industry. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Manufacturing and Suppliers We believe that we have significant , unique product manufacturing processes, test and tooling, execution skills, human resources and training to continue to be successful and to adjust our manufacturing operations as necessary. We strive to maintain manufacturing flexibility, achieve high manufacturing yields, and produce reliable products and components. The critical elements of our production are high volume and utilization, assembly and testing, strict adherence to quality metrics and maintaining close relationships with our strategic component suppliers to access technology and manufacturing capacity. We continually monitor our manufacturing capabilities to respond to the changing requirements of our customers and maintain our competitiveness and position as a data technology leader. HDD manufacturing is a complex process involving the production and assembly of precision components with narrow tolerances and rigorous testing. The manufacturing processes involve a number of steps that are dependent on each other and occur in “clean room” environments that demand skill in process engineering and efficient space utilization to control the operating costs of these manufacturing environments. We continually evaluate our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase productivity, sustain and improve quality and decrease manufacturing costs. We continually evaluate which steps in the manufacturing process would benefit from automation and how automated manufacturing processes can improve productivity and reduce manufacturing costs. We also leverage contract manufacturers when strategically advantageous. HDD consists primarily of recording heads, magnetic media, controllers and firmware and printed circuit board assembly. We design and manufacture substantially all of the recording heads and magnetic media required for our products. As a result, we are more dependent upon our own development and execution efforts for these components and less reliant on recording head and magnetic media technologies developed by other manufacturers. We depend on an external supply base for all remaining components and materials for use in our design, manufacturing and testing. We believe the use of our manufacturing, assembly and test facilities offers the control necessary to provide the demanding capabilities, performance and reliability our customers require. Our vertically integrated, assembly and test operations are concentrated in Prachinburi and Bang , Thailand; Penang, Johor Bahru, and Kuching, Malaysia; Laguna, Philippines; Shenzhen, China; and San Jose and Fremont, California, USA. We generally retain multiple suppliers for our component requirements, but for business or technology reasons, we source some of our components from a limited number of sole or single source providers. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 6 Table of Contents Sales and Distribution We focus on markets where our storage technologies deliver exceptional scale, efficiency, and economics. By combining HDD innovation with systems, firmware, and software, we enable customers to manage and monetize data at global scale. We sell our products to hyperscale cloud service providers, neoclouds, computer manufacturers and OEMs, resellers, distributors and retailers throughout the world, utilizing agreements with certain customers. Our sales organization blends technical depth with market expertise, enabling effective engagement with customers across diverse use cases. Our sales engagements mostly involve sales, customer technical support engineers, and product engineers, who support and activities, collaborating with customers to design, test, and qualify system solutions built on our technologies. Our sales and marketing teams are strategically located across the major geographies of the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our international sales, which include sales to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies but do not include sales to U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, represented 60% , 55%, and 58% of our net revenue for 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Our sales are subject to certain risks, including exposure to tariffs and various trade regulations. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We perform our marketing and advertising functions through a combination of internal teams and outside firms utilizing business and consumer media as well as trade publications to engage our markets. We maintain customer relationships through direct communication and by providing information and support through our digital platforms. In accordance with standard storage industry practice, we offer distributors and retailers limited price protection and programs under which we reimburse certain marketing expenditures. We also offer sales incentive programs to distributors, resellers, and OEMs. For 2026, three customers accounted for 16%, 15%, and 13%, respectively, of our net revenue. For 2025, three customers accounted for 17%, 12%, and 10%, respectively, of our net revenue. For 2024, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenue. Cyclicality and Seasonality Although much less than in the past, our business is subject to variability of sales because it is largely dependent on the buying patterns of our large Cloud customers, driven by their needs for deploying our technology in their data center buildouts, as well as on their ability to procure other products that go into such buildouts. Our business is also impacted by cyclicality in the industry, as well as macroeconomic factors. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Service and Warranty We generally warrant our newly manufactured products against defects in materials and workmanship for up to five years from the date of sale depending on the type of product. Our warranty obligation is generally limited to repair or replacement. We have engaged third parties in various countries in multiple regions to provide various levels of testing, processing or recertification of returned products for our customers. For additional information regarding our service and warranty policy, see Part II, Item 8, Note 1, Organization and Basis of Presentation, and Note 5, Supplemental Financial Statement Data, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital Our people strategy supports our vision of unleashing the power and value of data and our mission to be the market leader in data storage, delivering solutions for now and the future. At the end of 2026, we employed approximately 40,000 people worldwide. Our global workforce spans 24 countries with approximately 88% of our employees in Asia Pacific, approximately 11% in the Americas and less than 1% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Talent Growth and Engagement We invest in developing our people to lead us into the future, and as AI transforms work, we remain , helping them grow, adapt, and thrive. To help our employees reach their full potential, we aim to cultivate an environment that encourages learning, development and career growth. We are providing training to our employees to help them adopt AI, become , and improve their productivity. Our performance framework includes setting goals to establish clear expectations and receiving feedback and coaching to achieve them. Our learning management system offers learning activities to help employees map their career journey, access learning online and track progress against development goals. We also provide upskilling and reskilling opportunities to our factory employees through training, technical classes, workshops and partnerships with universities and colleges. 7 Table of Contents We make it a priority to recruit exceptional talent across the organization. We continue to foster the next generation of talent through our intern and new college graduate recruitment programs, and we converted about 40% of our eligible global intern population to employees in 2025. In 2026, we became an approved employer for the U.S. Department of Defense SkillBridge program, serving as a career pathway for veterans who are transitioning to the civilian workforce. We believe employee engagement is key to performance and retention and that by listening to our employees we can better understand how we enable them to do their best work. We use a combination of our employee survey and listening sessions at all levels to understand what we are doing well and identify opportunities to strengthen employee engagement in support of our business strategy. We strive to cultivate an inclusive environment where every individual feels valued, respected, and appreciated, thereby enabling them to contribute effectively to the organization and excel in their roles. Our initiatives celebrate the varied perspectives, talents, and backgrounds of our workforce and ensure that all voices are heard. Our Driver Resource Groups are and foster connections based on a shared identity or background and are open to all employees who want to join. We continued our commitment to conducting business in an ethical way around the world. In 2026, we were named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the eighth consecutive year. Our employees also regularly participate in philanthropy to support the communities in which they work and live. In 2026, more than half of our employees around the world gave their time to participate in volunteer events. Total Rewards We believe that competitive compensation is crucial for retaining and motivating our employees, and we are committed to rewarding performance with competitive compensation consisting of base salary and incentives and, for select roles, incentives. We also offer a global recognition program to celebrate the contributions of employees who bring to life our core values: Customers, Results, Connection, Excellence, and Innovation. We invest in the physical, mental and financial of our people through dynamic and differentiated benefit programs that align to our culture and values. We provide competitive benefits (which vary by country or region), including health coverage, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, employee assistance program, and employee stock purchase plan. We benchmark our Total Rewards programs annually using market data from reputable consultants. We also conduct internal focus groups and employee surveys to inform programs and identify opportunities. To ensure that our pay practices are fair, we conduct regular pay equity assessments to promote equal pay for equal work, as well as regularly engaging in a living wage analysis. Health and Safety We are committed to creating a safe work environment everywhere we operate. We provide extensive health and safety resources and training to all employees, especially those working in our manufacturing facilities, where we use an integrated management system to manage health and safety standards. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules and regulations of the U.S. as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, the environment, consumer and data protection, employee health and safety, and taxes, could have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position and overall business. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of these potential impacts. 8 Table of Contents Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability At WD, we incorporate sustainability into our business strategy and operations to support value creation. Through environmental stewardship, stakeholder empowerment, and responsible business practices, we drive sustainable data storage technologies that deliver meaningful progress toward a responsible AI infrastructure. Environmental Stewardship: We help protect the planet and the environment by setting and delivering robust environmental targets and driving innovation, accountability, and partnerships for systemic impact. • We work to reduce energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, water withdrawal, and waste to landfills, and innovate to enhance the energy and material efficiency of our products. In 2025, we achieved 66% energy to power our global operations as well as reduced emissions by 31% per petabyte from customers’ use of sold products from 2020. • We periodically assess and disclose risks and opportunities and implement measures to mitigate relevant risks and enhance climate resiliency. • We collaborate with customers, suppliers, industry associations, governments, academics, and standards organizations to reduce emissions across our ecosystem, and increase circularity to reduce raw materials extraction, enabled by our Advanced Recovery and Rare Earth Material Capture program. • In the latest sustainability assessments, we earned a Carbon Disclosure Project A‑ Leadership level rating for climate in 2025 and were included in the 2026 S&P Dow Jones Best‑in‑Class Index North America. Stakeholder Empowerment: We engage stakeholders across our value chain, including our workforce, customers, suppliers, and communities. • We support an inclusive workplace by developing team members through a variety of experiences and creating opportunities for connections across the company through our Driver Resource Groups. • Our corporate philanthropy strategy focuses on hunger relief, environmental stewardship and science, technology, engineering and math (“STEM”) education, and we activate employees to create positive impact on their local communities. • We implement policies, procedures, and programs designed to uphold human rights and mitigate risks of compulsory and child labor within our operations and supply chain. • We engage targeted suppliers for most material sustainability issues, including decarbonization, human rights, and responsible minerals. Responsible Business: We build trust through principled leadership, embedding accountability, integrity, and sustainability into processes. • We establish policies and practices to support the responsible, ethical, and secure development, deployment, and usage of AI. As AI becomes a greater part of our daily experience and product offerings, we implemented an AI policy to effectively manage and mitigate risks. • We educate our employees annually on relevant ethics and compliance topics, publish guidance on ethical issues in our Global Code of Conduct and support the reporting of concerns through global and local reporting channels. Available Information We maintain an Internet website at www.westerndigital.com . The information on our website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on our website at www.westerndigital.com , free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 9 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business can be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause material harm to our actual operating results and financial condition. The risks discussed below are not the only ones facing our business but represent risks that we believe are material to us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also negatively affect our business. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Loss of revenue from Cloud or other key customers could harm our operating results. There is significant revenue concentration in our Cloud end market and among our top customers. For the year ended July 3, 2026, the Cloud end market accounted for 89% of our net revenue and our top 10 customers accounted for 73% of our net revenue, with three customers each accounting for 10% or more of our net revenue. If demand declines for any reason, and/or we fail to respond to changes in demand, in Cloud or other key customers, our business could suffer. The impact of generative AI on the storage and data management markets and regulation thereof is still unfolding and could evolve unpredictably, and it could be difficult to accurately forecast related demands. As it evolves, our hyperscale customers could lower their investment in AI infrastructure. Our ability to maintain strong relationships with our principal customers is essential to our future performance. We have experienced and may in the future experience events such as the loss of a key customer, prohibition or restriction of sales to a key customer by law, regulation or other government action, reductions in sales to or orders by a key customer, customer requirements to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs or the acquisition of a key customer by one of our competitors. Further, government authorities may implement laws or regulations or take other actions that could result in significant changes to the business or operating models of our key customers. Any of these events could negatively impact our operating results. If we do not properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. The markets for our products continuously undergo technology transitions that can impact our product roadmaps and that we must anticipate in order to adapt our existing products or develop new products effectively. If we fail to adapt to or implement new technologies (including the transition to areal density recording technologies that use HAMR technology to increase HDD capacities), if we fail to quickly and develop new products that meet the specifications and requirements intended or desired by our customers or if technology transitions negatively impact our existing product roadmaps, our business may be harmed. As we compete in new product areas, the overall complexity of our business may increase and may result in increases in R&D expenses and substantial investments in manufacturing capability, technology enhancements and capability. Our gross margin could also face pressure if we are unable to achieve the desired manufacturing yields when we ramp our new technologies. Further, technological changes can reduce the volume and profitability of sales of existing products. We must also qualify our products with customers through potentially lengthy testing processes with uncertain results. The success of our technology transitions and product development depends on a number of other factors, including difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp; market acceptance/qualification; effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; the vertical integration of some of our products, which may result in more capital expenditures and greater fixed costs than if we were not vertically integrated; our ability to cost effectively respond to customer requests for new products or features (including requests for more efficient and efficiently-produced products with reduced environmental impacts) and software associated with our products; our ability to increase our software development capability; and the effectiveness of our capability in selling new products. Moving to new technologies and products may require us to align to, and build, a new supply base. Our success in new product areas may depend on our ability to enter into favorable supply agreements. In addition, if our customers choose to delay transition to new technologies, if demand for the products that we develop is lower than we expected or if the supporting technologies to implement these new technologies are not available, we may be unable to achieve the cost structure required to support our profit objectives or may be unable to grow or maintain our market position. Additionally, new technologies could impact demand for our products in unforeseen or unexpected ways. For example, if a shift away from Cloud and toward hardware diminishes the need for data center infrastructure, demand 10 Table of Contents for our storage products could decline, and prior investments we have made in anticipation of storage demand may not generate the returns we expect. Further, new techniques to optimize data storage and usage could have an adverse impact on data growth. Moreover, new products could substitute for our current products and make them obsolete, each of which would harm our business. We also develop products to meet certain industry and technical standards, which may change and cause us to incur substantial costs as we adapt to new standards or invest in different manufacturing processes to remain competitive. We may also experience changes to our customer base, such as a greater portion of our business shifting to neocloud and other customers. To remain competitive, we must respond to these changes by ensuring we have proper scale in this evolving market, as well as offer products that meet the technological requirements of our customer base at competitive pricing points. To the extent we are not successful in adequately responding to these changes, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Further, some of our competitors offer products that we do not offer, which may allow them to win sales from us. We expect that competition will continue to be intense, and our competitors may be able to gain a product offering or cost structure advantage over us, which would harm our business. We may also have difficulty effectively competing with manufacturers benefiting from governmental investments and may be subject to increased complexity and reduced efficiency in our supply chain as a result of governmental efforts to promote domestic technologies in various jurisdictions. We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain could negatively affect our business. We depend on an external supply base for technologies, software (including firmware), preamps, controllers, dynamic memory, components, equipment and other materials used in our product design and manufacturing. We also depend on suppliers for a portion of our wafer testing, chip assembly, product assembly and product testing, and on service suppliers for providing technical support for our products. In addition, we use logistics partners to manage our worldwide hubs and distribution centers and to meet our freight needs. Many of the components and much of the equipment we acquire must be specifically designed for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our products and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our suppliers. We therefore depend on these suppliers to meet our business needs, including dedicating adequate engineering resources to develop components that can be successfully integrated into our products. Our suppliers have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, including as a result of events outside of their control such as trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), geopolitical conflicts, terrorism, public health crises or natural disasters. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities from our current suppliers or qualify and engage additional suppliers, or if we cannot purchase materials at a reasonable price, we may not be able to meet the demand for our products. Trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), demand from other industries for materials or components used in our products, disruptions in supplier relationships or shortages in other components and materials used in our customers’ products could result in increased costs to us, which could negatively impact our business. Delays, shortages or cost increases experienced by our suppliers in developing or sourcing materials and components for use in our products or incompatibility or quality issues relating to our products could also harm our business. We do not have contracts with some of our existing suppliers, and we do not always have guaranteed manufacturing capacity with our suppliers, so we cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources or capacity to manufacturing our products. Any significant problems that occur at our suppliers could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems. When we do have contractual commitments with suppliers in an effort to stabilize the supply of our components, those commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of components or make significant cash advances to the supplier and may not result in a satisfactory supply of our components. We have cancelled or deferred, and may continue to cancel or defer, outstanding purchase commitments with certain suppliers due to changes in actual and forecasted demand, which has resulted, and may continue to result in, fees, penalties and other associated charges. Such cancellations or deferments can also negatively impact our relationships with certain suppliers or lead to a decline in the financial performance of certain suppliers, each of which could result in even more limited availability of components needed for our products. In addition, our supply base has experienced industry consolidation. Our suppliers may be acquired by our competitors, decide to exit the industry or redirect their investments or increase costs to us. In addition, some of our suppliers have experienced a decline in financial performance, including as a result of cancelled or deferred purchase commitments. Where we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier, the risk of supplier loss due to industry consolidation or a decline in financial performance is increased. Some of our suppliers may also be competitors in other areas of our business, which could lead to difficulties in price negotiations or meeting our supply requirements. 11 Table of Contents agreements expose us to certain execution, financial, and market risks, which could be significant. We have entered into agreements with certain customers that commit us to deliver and our customers to purchase substantial volumes of products over or periods. These agreements also generally commit us to sell agreed volumes to these customers at predetermined or prices for the duration of the contract terms. As a result, we may be obligated to continue selling products to these customers even when demand from other customers, prevailing market prices, or other sales opportunities would be more favorable to us, and we may be unable to take full advantage of periods of rising prices, increased demand, or supply shortages. If market prices for our products increase above the prices set under these agreements, or if or otherwise more attractive alternatives become available, our commitments under these agreements could prevent us from realizing the benefit of those conditions, which could result in significant opportunity costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to fulfill our obligations under these agreements depends on a number of factors, including our manufacturing capacity, production yields, supply chain performance, and the availability of raw materials and other critical inputs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to perform these contractual obligations throughout the contract terms without disruption or shortfall. If we are unable to deliver products in the quantities, at the times, or meeting the specifications required under these agreements, we may be subject to pricing or volume reductions, contractual damages, other financial losses, or early termination. Any failure to perform could harm our customer relationships, damage our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If a customer were to breach its purchase obligations, including by failing to meet its purchase commitments, or if a customer were to terminate the agreement due to our material breach of supply commitments, we may need to find alternative customers for any affected product volumes. Depending on market conditions at the time, we may be unable to resell those products at comparable prices, or at all, which could result in reduced revenue, lower margins, excess inventory, or manufacturing underutilization or asset impairment charges, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Each agreement provides for certain remedies designed to protect us if the customer fails to perform its purchase obligations. In such event, these contractual remedies are expected to offset at least some portion of revenue that may be lost due to the customer’s failure to perform, but they may not fully offset such lost revenue depending on the reason for such nonperformance, our ability to recover in any action and other factors. Any enforcement of these contractual remedies by us could be costly and and could adversely affect our customer relationships. If we are unable or unsuccessful in enforcing or if we choose not to enforce any contractual remedy in the event of a customer’s failure to perform its purchase obligations, we may experience consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty, litigation or indemnification claims that exceed our expectations or estimates. We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our products in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, our testing may fail to reveal defects in our products that may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market. In addition, our products may be used in a manner that is not intended or anticipated by us, resulting in potential liability. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, including as a result of components or applications that we incorporate in our products, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement. As part of a product recall, we may be required or choose to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, product defects, product recalls or epidemic failures may cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, lost revenue, indemnification costs for a recall of our customers’ products, warranty claims, litigation or loss of market share with our customers, including our OEM and original design manufacturer (“ODM”) customers. Our business liability insurance may be inadequate, or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions of liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized based on certain assumptions. We may incur additional expenses if our warranty provisions do not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products or if the failure rate is higher than we expected. If these additional expenses are significant, they could harm our business. 12 Table of Contents The loss of our key management, staff and skilled employees or the inability to hire and develop new employees could negatively impact our business prospects. Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our talent. Changes in our key management team have resulted in and may in the future result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. Global competition for skilled employees in the technology industry is intense, and our business success is increasingly dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain top talent, implement succession plans for key management and staff and replace aging skilled employees. Changes in immigration laws and regulations, or more robust enforcement of new or existing laws, may impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent. Our ability to hire and retain employees also depends on our ability to build and maintain an inclusive workplace culture, provide opportunities for career development and fund competitive compensation and benefits, each of which contribute to being viewed as an employer of choice. Additionally, because a substantial portion of our key employees’ compensation is linked to the performance of our business, we may be at a competitive disadvantage for hiring and retaining talent when our operating results are negatively impacted. If we are unable to hire and retain key talent, our operating results would likely be harmed. Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures or cost saving measures may negatively impact our future results. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions and divestitures, such as the separation of our former products (“Flash”) business in 2025 (the “Separation”), and engage in cost saving measures. In order to successfully execute on strategic initiatives, we must continue to identify and successfully complete attractive transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage issues such as integration of the acquired company or employees, integration of processes and systems, and changes. We may not be able to identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment opportunities given the intense competition for these transactions. Even if we identify and complete suitable corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully address any integration challenges in a timely manner or at all. There have been and may continue to be difficulties with implementing new systems and processes or with integrating systems and processes of companies with complex operations, which may result in inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and may increase our vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks or the risk that our internal controls are found to be ineffective. Failing to successfully integrate or realign our business to take advantage of efficiencies or reduce redundancies of an acquisition or divestiture may result in not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, failing to achieve the financial model projections for an acquisition or changes in technology development and related roadmaps following an acquisition may result in the incurrence of impairment charges (including goodwill impairments or other asset ) and other expenses, both of which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions and investments may also result in the issuance of equity securities that may be dilutive to our stockholders as well as or other contingent consideration payments and the issuance of additional indebtedness that would put pressure on liquidity. Furthermore, we may agree to provide continuing service obligations or enter into other agreements in order to obtain certain regulatory approvals of our corporate transactions, and failure to satisfy these additional obligations could result in our failing to obtain regulatory approvals or the imposition of additional obligations on us, any of which could negatively affect our business. In addition, new legislation or additional regulations may affect or impair our ability to invest with or in certain other countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so, including investments in joint ventures, minority investments and outbound technology transfers to certain countries. Acquisitions and alliance activities inherently involve other risks as well, including those associated with disruption to our business and the continued successful execution of our company strategy, goals and responsibilities; assimilation and integration of different business operations, corporate cultures, personnel, infrastructures and technologies or solutions acquired or licensed, while maintaining quality, and designing and implementing appropriate risk management measures; and the possibility of conflict with joint venture or alliance partners regarding strategic direction, prioritization of objectives and goals, governance matters or operations. Cost saving measures, restructurings and divestitures have had and may in the future result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our facilities. As a result of these actions, we have experienced and may in the future experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that these actions will be as successful in reducing 13 Table of Contents our overall expenses as we expect, that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or consolidations or that we do not forego future business opportunities as a result of these actions. Our strategic relationships subject us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into strategic relationships with various partners for product development, manufacturing, sales growth and the supply of technologies, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. Please see the risk factor entitled “We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain could negatively affect our business,” for a further description of the risks associated with our reliance on external suppliers. Our strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could harm the value of our investments, our revenue and costs, our future rate of spending, our technology plans and our future growth opportunities. Further, our control over the operations of our strategic partnerships may be limited, and our interests could diverge from our strategic partners’ interests regarding ongoing and future activities. Our strategic relationships are subject to additional risks that could harm our business, including, but not limited to, the following: failure by our strategic partners to comply with applicable laws or employ effective internal controls; difficulties and delays in product and technology development at, ramping production at, and transferring technology to, our strategic partners; declining financial performance of our strategic partners, including failure by our strategic partners to timely fund capital investments with us or otherwise meet their commitments, including the payment of amounts owed to us or third parties when due; losing the rights to, or ability to independently manufacture, certain technology or products being developed or manufactured by strategic partners, including as a result of any of them being acquired by another company, filing for bankruptcy or experiencing financial or other losses; a bankruptcy event involving a strategic partner, which could result in structural changes to or termination of the strategic partnership; and changes in tax or regulatory requirements, which may necessitate changes to the agreements governing our strategic partnerships. MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. A large portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and many of our products and components are produced overseas. As a result, our business depends significantly on global and regional conditions. Adverse changes in global or regional economic and social conditions, including, but not limited to, volatility in the financial markets, reduced access to credit, recession, inflation, rising interest rates, trade wars or changes to tariffs, slower growth in certain geographic regions, political uncertainty, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, terrorism, other macroeconomic factors and new or changed regulations, could significantly harm demand for our products, increase credit and collectability risks, result in revenue reductions, reduce profitability as a result of underutilization of our assets, cause us to change our business practices, increase manufacturing and operating costs or result in impairment charges or other expenses. In addition, armed conflicts and heightened geopolitical tensions can result in sanctions, export controls, tariffs and other trade restrictions, limit or restrict our ability to access certain markets and disrupt critical logistics networks, including air and ocean freight routes. For example, the escalation of the conflict involving Iran and heightened tensions in the Middle East could cause disruption to critical logistics and supply routes, which could affect the availability and cost of materials used in our business. Additionally, China has imposed export restrictions on rare earth minerals and related materials critical to semiconductor and hard drive manufacturing. These developments have increased, and could further increase, costs for, or limit the availability of, energy, rare earth minerals, materials, components and transportation, constrain manufacturing capacity and may require us to redesign products or reconfigure aspects of our global supply chain. Geopolitical instability may also elevate cybersecurity risks, including attacks, which could disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, customers or partners, and further adversely affect demand for our products. Our revenue growth is significantly dependent on the growth of international markets, and we are subject to risks that could harm our business associated with our global manufacturing operations, global sales efforts and our utilization of contract manufacturers. These risks include: the need to obtain governmental approvals and compliance with evolving foreign regulations; the need to comply with regulations on international business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the laws of other countries and rules regarding conflict minerals; the effects of political and economic instability; exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations; the ongoing development and applicability of global and local tax systems; weaker protection of IP rights; policies and financial incentives by governments in China, the U.S., and countries in Europe and Asia designed to reduce dependence on foreign manufacturing capabilities; trade restrictions, such as export controls, export bans, import restrictions, embargoes, sanctions, license and certification 14 Table of Contents requirements (including encryption and other technology), trade wars, tariffs and complex customs regulations; difficulties in managing international operations, including appropriate internal controls; and fluctuations in financial markets and interruptions to supply chains from public health crises. In addition, if we fail to effectively manage our government relationships in various jurisdictions in which we operate, we may experience missed opportunities (including incentives and investments), unfavorable policy outcomes or operational inefficiencies, any of which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs and retaliatory actions may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments. Changes to U.S. trade policy, in particular with regard to tariffs, have caused substantial market uncertainty and, in certain cases, retaliatory measures by trading partners. Any imposition of new tariffs or increase in existing tariff rates may increase the cost of importing our products or the costs for materials or components used in our products, which would increase our overall costs unless we are able to implement actions to offset these costs, such as leveraging tariff exemptions where possible, optimizing our supply chain, sourcing from alternative suppliers, or passing the costs to our customers through tariff surcharges or increased prices. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully offset or mitigate any resulting increase in our costs. If we are unable to pass on any cost increases or if supply and demand conditions will not support price increases for our products, our revenue and gross margin would be negatively impacted. In addition, retaliatory actions by other countries in response to U.S. trade policy could increase the ultimate price for our products, negatively affect demand for our products or restrict our ability to manufacture our products. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may also lead to negative economic impacts for our customers, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, as well as ultimately reduced demand for our products. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, tariff actions by the U.S. and retaliatory actions by other countries have caused, and may in the future cause, significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets, which could adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of capital, including to refinance our existing debt, and which in turn could reduce our cash flows and harm our business. Changes in tariffs and trade restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice. The adoption and expansion of tariffs or other trade restrictions, increasing trade tensions and retaliatory actions, or other changes in governmental policies related to tariffs, trade agreements or trade policies are difficult to predict, which makes risks difficult to anticipate and mitigate. If we are unable to navigate further changes in U.S. or international trade policy, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our industry is subject to variations in demand, pricing and competitive factors, which can negatively impact our business. Demand for and prices of our products are influenced by, among other factors, the actual and projected growth of data to be stored, the spending plans of our large hyperscale customers, the balance between supply and demand in the storage market, macroeconomic factors (such as tariffs and actual or perceived threat of recessions), business conditions, the emergence or growth of new or existing technologies (including AI), technology transitions and other actions taken by us or our competitors. We experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies such as flash memory, particularly in our legacy markets where we participate with our lower capacity, smaller form factor HDDs. The storage market has in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, periods of excess capacity leading to our factories running below the desired utilization levels, resulting in us taking underutilization charges, inventory and reductions in average selling prices (“ASPs”), all of which lead to negative impacts on our revenue and gross margins. While our ASPs tend to be relatively stable, we may experience periods during an industry downturn when we face adverse headwinds to our ASPs. Additionally, our gross margin may face downward pressure if we are unable to migrate our product mix to the higher capacity needs of our customers and/or to reach the desired manufacturing yield in our production. Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. Consolidation among our 15 Table of Contents customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, increased customer pressure on our prices, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are subject to substantial risk of damage or disruption. We conduct our operations primarily at large, , facilities in California and throughout Asia. The facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers’ suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations throughout Asia and elsewhere. If a fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster, condition or event such as a power outage, contamination event, terrorist attack, cybersecurity incident, physical security breach, political instability, civil unrest, localized labor unrest or other employment issues or a health epidemic or pandemic negatively affects any of these facilities, it would significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products and source components and would harm our business. Possible impacts include work and equipment stoppages and damage to or closure of our facilities, or those of our suppliers or customers, for an indefinite period of time. Climate change has in the past and is expected to continue to increase the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters, including wildfires, floods and other adverse weather events. In addition, the geographic concentration of our manufacturing sites could exacerbate the negative impacts resulting from any of these problems. We may incur losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, the coverage of our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase substantially. Due to market availability, pricing or other reasons, we may elect not to purchase insurance coverage or to purchase only limited coverage. We maintain limited insurance coverage and, in some cases, no coverage at all, for natural disasters and damage to our facilities, as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available only at a prohibitive cost. Climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of certain types of insurance by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters and adverse weather events. Losses not covered by insurance may be significant, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition. We may be adversely affected by the risks, challenges, and evolving regulatory landscape associated with the use of AI in our operations, product development, and business practices. We are increasingly leveraging AI technologies, including generative AI applications and tools, to support and enhance our various operational processes. While AI may promote efficiency and offer analytical advantages, it is complex and , and its implementation carries inherent risks. Implementation of AI technologies can be costly and , and the effectiveness or potential benefits of such technologies may vary depending on use case, integration, and oversight. The incorporation of AI algorithms or training methodologies into our operations or processes may result in flawed, irrelevant, insufficient, inaccurate, biased or outputs, potentially impacting our strategic choices, operational effectiveness, and regulatory compliance. These inaccuracies can arise from limitations in training data, algorithmic design, or unintended consequences of machine learning models. Actual or perceived deficiencies, failures or misuse in our implementation or use of AI could result in competitive disadvantages, operational inefficiencies, regulatory action, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, and negative financial results. In addition, the use of AI in the development of our products could potentially lead to ambiguities in intellectual property ownership, infringement or misappropriation risks, which could impact our competitive position and expose us to litigation, monetary penalties, or operational disruptions. The unauthorized or unapproved use of generative AI tools by our employees, contractors, or other third parties, as well as overreliance on AI automation or agentic AI without appropriate human oversight, may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary, or personal information, flawed or unauthorized actions, or other adverse consequences, including disruptions to business operations, exposing us to data security, privacy, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Misuse of such tools can also result in violations of applicable laws and regulations, including data protection and intellectual property laws. Governments worldwide are adopting or proposing regulations, including the European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act, as well as various proposed frameworks in the U.S., China, and other jurisdictions. These regulations may impose requirements on the development, deployment, and use of AI systems in our products or operations, require jurisdiction-specific product configurations, increase compliance costs, or limit our ability to leverage AI technologies. The evolving and potentially divergent nature of these regulations creates uncertainty and could adversely affect our business. Public and governmental perceptions regarding the use and impact of AI may evolve over time and could give rise to new regulatory requirements, legal liability, or reputational harm. If we enable or offer products that support AI solutions that draw 16 Table of Contents controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, including concerns relating to human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability, even if we do not directly control the applications. Further, the rapid growth of AI infrastructure, including data centers that use our products, requires substantial energy consumption. Environmental concerns about the energy demands of AI workloads, including actual or perceived environmental issues associated with data center power consumption, could lead to regulatory constraints on data center development, increased sustainability reporting obligations, or shifts in customer or public sentiment regarding AI infrastructure expansion. Any of these developments could adversely affect demand for our products or increase our customers’ costs of deploying storage solutions in AI environments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have historically experienced variability in our sales and cyclicality in our industry, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. In addition, accurately forecasting demand is difficult, which could harm our business. Our business is subject to variability of sales because it is largely dependent on the buying patterns of our large Cloud customers, driven by their needs for deploying our technology in their data center buildouts, as well as on their ability to procure other products that go into such buildouts. Changes in their demand patterns and in cyclical supply and demand patterns have made it, and could continue to make it, difficult for us to forecast demand. Changes in the linearity of our business within a quarter can also impact our business. As a result of the above or other factors, our forecast of financial results for a given quarter may differ materially from our actual financial results. The variety and volume of products we manufacture are based in part on accurately forecasting market and customer demand for our products, which are influenced by a wide variety of factors. As a result of the number and complexity of these factors, accurately forecasting demand has at times been difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers. In addition, because our products are designed to be largely interchangeable with competitors’ products, our demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our competitors. If our forecasts exceed actual market demand, there could be periods of product oversupply, excess inventory, underutilization of manufacturing capacity and price decreases, which could impact our sales, ASPs and gross margin or require us to incur inventory or charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead, thereby negatively affecting our operating results and our financial condition. If market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy customer product needs, possibly resulting in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our components have long , requiring us to place orders several months in advance of anticipated demand. Such long increase the risk of excess inventory, potentially resulting in inventory , or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, information systems or products by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects, information system failures or other events could have a material negative impact on our business. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our technology infrastructure and information systems and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may obtain in the future, access to our computer systems and networks, including platforms. These incidents have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, disruption to parts of our business operations and result in various investigation, recovery and remediation expenses. In addition, the technology infrastructure and information systems of some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents. Types of cybersecurity incidents include but are not limited to ransomware, network or computer attacks, unauthorized access to and theft of confidential data, or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. Cybersecurity incidents have in the past resulted from, and may in the future result from, social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents have in the past, and may in the future, reduce the functionality or performance of our information systems and networks, which could negatively impact our business. We believe malicious cybersecurity acts are increasing in number and that cybersecurity threat actors are increasingly organized and or supported by state actors and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems and means to not only infiltrate information systems, but also to evade detection or to obscure their activities. Additionally, as AI capabilities continue to evolve and become more readily available, we may face increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks that leverage AI 17 Table of Contents technologies. These may include highly convincing phishing or social engineering attacks that use deepfakes, the exploitation of vulnerabilities in electronic identity validation security programs via images or voices, or the inadvertent incorporation of malicious or hallucinated content generated by AI tools into our systems or those of our customers or partners. Separately, the AI technologies that we employ for business purposes may be vulnerable to or other adversarial attacks, which could result in unauthorized access to or leakage of sensitive information. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may also create heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents. Our products are also targets for malicious cybersecurity acts, including those products utilized in environments as well as our cloud service offerings. Our cloud services have in the past and may in the future be taken offline as a result of or in order to prevent or mitigate cybersecurity incidents. While some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect content or data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers, which could harm our business by exposing us to litigation and indemnification claims and hurting our reputation. When efforts to breach our infrastructure, information systems or products are successful, we have in the past suffered, and could in the future suffer, interruptions, delays or cessation of operations of our information systems, and loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information. We may also experience disruptions or outages of our information systems due to internal or mistakes or technical errors, including due to software updates, which could disrupt our business operations. Compromises of our infrastructure, information systems or products could also cause our customers and other affected third parties to suffer loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information and could harm our relationships with customers and other third parties and subject us to liability. As a result of actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents or other information system disruptions, we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience additional costs, notification requirements, civil and administrative fines and penalties, indemnification claims, litigation or damage to our brand and reputation. All of these consequences could harm our reputation and our business 

[truncated]