Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 48 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 83 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 85 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 85 Item 9B Other Information 87 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 87 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 88 Item 11 Executive Compensation 88 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 88 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 88 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 88 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 89 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 97 SIGNATURES 98 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes “ ” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future events and the future results of Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about our business, our results of operations, the industry in which we operate, our economic and market outlook, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks,” or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as “will,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “aims,” “intends,” or “projects,” and similar expressions intended to identify statements, although not all statements contain these identifying words. By their nature, statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or from our current expectations or projections. Our statements, and the risks and uncertainties related thereto, include, but are not limited to, those described under the “Risk Factors” and “Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections and in other reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as well as, among others: • our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage our brands; • the impact of our brand, marketing, promotional, advertising and pricing strategies, platforms, reformulations, innovations, or customer experience initiatives or investments; • the costs and risks associated with, and the successful and timely execution and effects of, our existing and any future business opportunities, expansions, initiatives, strategies, investments, and plans, including our “Back to Starbucks”(and restructuring) plan; • the costs and risks associated with, and the successful execution and effects of, strategic changes to our ownership and operating structure, including as a result of acquisitions, divestitures, other strategic transactions or entry into joint ventures; • our ability to align our investment efforts with our strategic goals; • evolving consumer preferences, demand, consumption, or spending behavior, reduction in discretionary spending and price increases, and our ability to anticipate or react to these changes; • the ability of our business partners, suppliers, and providers to fulfill their responsibilities and commitments and our reliance on certain key business partners and suppliers; • the potential negative effects of food or incidents or product recalls, and any perceived association with such incidents; • our ability to open new stores and efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores and manage related costs; • our heavy reliance on the financial performance of our North America operating segment and our dependence on the performance and growth of certain international markets; • our ability to operate and successfully expand our footprint in international markets, which is influenced by factors distinct from our North America operating segment; • inherent risks of operating a global business, including changing conditions in our markets, local factors affecting store openings, protectionist trade or foreign investment policies, such as tariffs and import/export regulations, economic or trade sanctions, compliance with local laws and other regulations, and local labor policies and conditions, including labor strikes and work stoppages; • higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of coffee, dairy, cocoa, energy, water, raw materials, or product ingredients and related volatility; • the ability of our supply chain to meet current or future business needs and our ability to scale and improve our forecasting, planning, production, and logistics management; • the potential impact on our supply chain and operations of adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, or significant increases in logistics costs; • a worsening in the terms and conditions upon which we engage with our manufacturers and source suppliers; • the impact of unfavorable conditions and other factors, including economic slowdowns or recessions, rising real estate costs, supply chain disruptions, climate change and extreme weather events, inflection and interest rate fluctuations, government shutdowns, labor unrest, geopolitical instability, disruptions in credit markets and foreign current exchange rate volatility; • failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance or any announced guidance and the impact thereof; • failure to attract or retain key executive or partner talent; • changes in the availability and cost of labor, including any union organizing efforts and our responses to such efforts; • the impact of, and our ability to respond to, substantial competition from new entrants, consolidations by competitors, and other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets; • potential impacts of climate change; • evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations; • the potential impact of activist shareholder actions or tactics; • failure to comply with applicable laws and complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements, including in privacy and data protection; 1 Table of Contents • the impact or likelihood of significant legal disputes and proceedings or government investigations; • the unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of our data, or of our proprietary or confidential information and the impact thereof; • potential negative effects of, and our ability to respond to, a material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of our information technology systems or those of our business partners or service providers, or failure to comply with data protection laws; and • our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others. In addition, many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, or could be, exacerbated by any worsening of the global business and economic environment. A statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We are under no obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“10-K” or “Report”) for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2025 (“fiscal 2025”), Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as “Starbucks,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our.” Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, operating in 89 markets. Formed in 1985, Starbucks Corporation’s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SBUX.” We purchase and roast coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea, and other beverages and a variety of food items through stores (“stores” or “coffeehouses”). We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé S.A. (“Nestlé”). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee ® brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana ® , Ethos ® , and Starbucks Reserve ® . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process, and technology innovation, including in our digital platform. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories and diverse channels. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we announced our “ Back to Starbucks ” strategy, which was implemented with the goal to bring new and existing customers to our stores and business, and return to growth. The strategy includes supporting our green apron partners, enhancing the customer experience, reestablishing ourselves as the community coffeehouse, and strengthening the brand through product development, marketing, and digital experience. This strategic reset provides us with the opportunity to assess the business and refocus our efforts, including capital allocation priorities, efficiency efforts, and store growth initiatives. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we announced a restructuring plan involving the closure of coffeehouses, and the further transformation of our support organization, as part of the Company’s “Back to Starbucks” strategy. We assessed our existing store portfolio with respect to both whether coffeehouses had a viable path to offering the physical environment consistent with the brand and a clear path to financial performance and we closed, or plan to close, the coffeehouses that did not meet these criteria. Refer to Note 18 , Restructuring, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion. Human Capital Management We invest in the – the mental, physical, and financial health – of every partner through our practices, policies, and benefits. This work is grounded in the belief that we are at our best when we create inclusive, supportive, and welcoming environments, where we uplift one another with dignity, respect, and kindness. We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global brand that leads with purpose. Therefore, one of our core strategies is to invest in, and support, our partners to differentiate our brand, products, and services in the competitive specialty coffee market, including the following areas of focus: Oversight and Management We believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures that is reflective of our customers, partners, and communities. Working under these principles, our Partner Resources Organization is tasked with managing matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management, and professional development. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) and Board committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters. As noted in its charter, our Compensation and Management Development Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing Starbucks partner resource programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices and strategies. Our Audit and Compliance Committee works closely with the Risk Steering Committee, led by Starbucks chief financial officer (“cfo”) and chief legal officer, to monitor and mitigate current and emerging labor and human capital management risks. The Board, through its committees, annually reviews and assesses the effectiveness of the Company’s 3 Table of Contents environmental and social strategies, policies, practices, goals, programs, disclosure, and risks, including review of the Company’s annual global impact report. These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of the broader framework that guides how Starbucks should attract, retain, and develop a skilled workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our partners on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities, and recommendations on how we can remain an employer of choice. The results are shared with our partners and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in partner engagement. Our management and teams also work closely to evaluate human capital management issues such as partner retention, workplace safety, harassment, and bullying, as well as to implement measures to mitigate these issues. Belonging at Starbucks At Starbucks, we are committed to creating environments where everyone is welcome and belongs. In 2023, led by Starbucks partners, we reaffirmed this commitment by cementing “Belonging” as one of our company values. We are dedicated to being an inclusive, accessible and diverse company, with a deep commitment to opportunity for every one of our partners by making Starbucks the best job in retail and a great place to build a career. Starbucks programs and benefits are open to every partner and designed to strengthen a culture of inclusion that values diverse perspectives and experiences – from strong partner networks to a focus on hiring internally for 90% of retail leadership roles. Our hiring and recruiting practices are competitive, fair and inclusive. They help us hire the strongest candidate for every job, every time. We offer benefits, competitive pay, and opportunities for learning and development. When our partners feel good about their future – at Starbucks or beyond – they take care of our customers. Investing in them and prioritizing their experience creates value for everyone. Total Rewards We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages by continuously assessing the current business environment and labor market. We have consistently made enhancements in wages in order to attract talent to support our growth strategy and to elevate the customer experience. To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of partners with shareholders, restricted stock units are provided to eligible partners under our stock incentive programs. Furthermore, we offer competitive pay and a collection of benefits that are best in class. Partners in the U.S., which is our largest and most mature market, can: • Grow their careers with us. We established a goal to fill 90% of retail leadership roles internally, creating a way for our hourly partners to build a career at Starbucks. • Get a college degree, on us. Through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan (SCAP), Starbucks covers 100% of tuition for a online bachelor’s degree from Arizona State University for partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. • Grow their savings. In fiscal 2025, more than 230,000 partners received a Bean Stock grant giving them an ownership stake in Starbucks. • Obtain comprehensive healthcare coverage. We offer health and wellbeing benefits for partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. • Extend parental leave. Starbucks covers up to 18 weeks of fully paid leave for birth parents, and up to 12 weeks of fully paid leave for parents for partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. Outside of the U.S., we have provided other innovative benefits to help address needs, such as providing loans to our U.K. partners to help cover rental deposits, mental health services in Canada, and, in China, an extra 14th Month Pay initiative, giving retail partners an additional month’s salary as a bonus on top of the 13th month pay that is customary in China, as well as a monthly housing subsidy for Starbucks baristas and shift supervisors, and comprehensive health insurance coverage for parents of partners. 4 Table of Contents Support To help our partners succeed in their roles, we emphasize ongoing training and development opportunities. These include, but are not limited to, training for our retail hourly partners, safety and security protocols, updates on new products and service offerings, and deployment of technologies. We periodically address a wide variety of topics such as achievable goal setting, giving and receiving constructive feedback, and effective engagement with communities and customers through the rollout of the Green Apron Service Model, a new foundational operating model that establishes repeatable, consistent, and scalable standards, across U.S coffeehouses. It is designed to create deeper connections between partners and customers by enabling partners to deliver consistent, experiences with warmth and care. The model includes new routines and tools that give partners more time to focus on craft and connection, supported by technology that improves order flow and speed of service. Pay Equity To be an employer of choice and maintain the strength of our workforce, we consistently assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation and benefits programs and other resources available to our partners. Starbucks is committed to fair pay principles to ensure partners are paid appropriately and equitably for their roles and the work they do, regardless of race, gender, or other protected categories. Further, we have formulated principles, which provide equal footing, transparency, and accountability as best practices that help address known, systemic barriers to global pay equity. As of September 28, 2025, Starbucks employed approximately 381,000 people worldwide. In the U.S., Starbucks employed approximately 223,000 people, with approximately 214,000 in stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution operations. Approximately 158,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 153,000 in stores and the remainder in regional support operations. Partners in approximately 6% of Starbucks U.S. stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 51 chairman and chief executive officer Cathy R. Smith 62 executive vice president, chief financial officer Mike Grams 55 executive vice president, chief operating officer Brady Brewer 52 chief executive officer, Starbucks International Sara Kelly 46 executive vice president, chief partner officer Pilar Ramos 53 executive vice president, chief legal officer Brian Niccol joined Starbucks as chairman and chief executive officer in September 2024. Mr. Niccol spent more than 25 years in leadership, marketing, and operations roles for some of the world’s most respected restaurant brands. Mr. Niccol joined Starbucks after leading Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. through a period of growth and transformation, having served as a director and as its Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to 2024 and as its Chairman, from 2020 to 2024. Before joining Chipotle, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bell, a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., from 2015 to 2018, after having served as its President (2013 to 2014) and Chief Marketing and Innovation Officer (2011 to 2012). Mr. Niccol also served in leadership roles at Pizza Hut, another division of Yum! Brands from 2005 to 2011. Mr. Niccol currently serves on the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc., a retailer. Cathy R. Smith joined Starbucks in March 2025 as executive vice president, chief financial officer, after having served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Nordstrom, Inc., a department store chain, since 2023. From 2020 to 2023, Ms. Smith served as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer for Bright Health Group, Inc., a health insurance company. From 2015 to 2020, Ms. Smith served as the Chief Financial Officer for Target Corporation, a retail company. Previously, Ms. Smith served as Chief Financial Officer for Express Scripts Holding Company, a pharmacy benefit manager company, from 2014 to 2015, for Walmart International, a retail company, from 2010 to 2014, and for GameStop Corporation, an electronics retail company, from 2009 to 2010. Ms. Smith currently serves on the board of directors for PPG Industries, Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of paintings and coatings, and Baxter International, Inc., a healthcare company. Previously, Ms. Smith served as a director for Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. Ms. Smith holds an undergraduate degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara and an MBA from the University of Southern California. 5 Table of Contents Mike Grams joined Starbucks in February 2025 as executive vice president, North America chief coffeehouse officer, and has served as executive vice president, chief operating officer since June 2025. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Grams spent nearly thirty years at Taco Bell Corp. where he held various leadership positions, including President and Chief Operating Officer from 2020 to December 2024, Global Chief Operating Officer and General Manager, North America from 2017 to 2020 and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Development Officer from 2015 to 2019. Brady Brewer joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as chief executive officer, Starbucks International since April 2024, where he is responsible for the teams across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Japan, Latin America, and the Caribbean, as well as Global Coffee Operations and the Company’s international licensed partners. From February 2020 through March 2024, he served as Starbucks executive vice president and chief marketing officer, leading the Starbucks brand, marketing, food and beverage portfolio, digital customer experience innovation, R&D/Engineering, creative and brand management, consumer insights, data analytics, and sustainability. His prior roles at Starbucks include senior vice president of Digital Customer Experience for Starbucks (2019 through February 2020), where he focused on delivering new innovations that made the Starbucks Experience continually more effortless and delightful for customers; chief operating officer for Starbucks Japan (2016 to 2019), where he led store operations as well as brand and marketing strategy; and senior vice president, Marketing and Product for the Company’s China and Asia Pacific region (2014 to 2016). Mr. Brewer currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Gap, Inc., a clothing and accessories retailer. Sara Kelly joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as executive vice president and chief partner officer since 2022, where she is responsible for helping partners realize their career potential and building global partner capability to enable growth and deliver on the Company’s strategic plan. Prior to her current role, Ms. Kelly was senior vice president, Talent & Partner Experience from 2021 to 2022, where she was responsible for advancing Starbucks talent and organizational leadership agenda and was focused on amplifying the strategic work being led by the talent acquisition, talent management, partner experience, learning and development, and organization and leadership effectiveness teams. From 2014 to 2021, Ms. Kelly served as vice president, Partner Resources, supporting partners in our global markets. Pilar Ramos joined Starbucks in November 2025 as executive vice president and chief legal officer. In this role, she leads the Company’s Law & Corporate Affairs organization. Prior to Starbucks, Ms. Ramos served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for TelevisaUnivision Inc., the leading media company, from August 2021 to October 2025. Ms. Ramos previously served in various roles for Mastercard Inc., a global payment card services company, from 2003 to 2021, including Executive Vice President, General Counsel, North America, from 2015 to 2021. Segment Financial Information Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our ceo, who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker, manages the segments, evaluates financial results, and makes key operating decisions. We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. Revenues from our reportable operating segments as a percentage of total net revenues for fiscal 2025 were as follows: North America (74%), International (21%), and Channel Development (5%). Our North America and International segments include both and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, products, a variety of beverages, such as Frappuccino ® and Starbucks Doubleshot ® , foodservice products, and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, while our global businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo, Inc., Nestlé, and others. 6 Table of Contents Revenue Components We generate the majority of our revenues through stores and licensed stores. and Licensed Store Summary as of September 28, 2025: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores stores 11,018 60 % 10,496 46 % 21,514 52 % Licensed stores 7,293 40 % 12,183 54 % 19,476 48 % Total 18,311 100 % 22,679 100 % 40,990 100 % The mix of versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Stores Revenue from stores accounted for 83% of total net revenues during fiscal 2025. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service through the Green Apron Service Model, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as warm and welcoming stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing sales in existing stores, to support our strategic objective to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Store growth in specific existing markets will vary due to many factors, including expected financial returns, the maturity of the market, economic conditions, consumer behavior, and the local business environment. store data for the fiscal September 28, 2025: Stores Open as of Stores Open as of Sep 29, 2024 Opened Closed (1) Transfers (2) Net Sep 28, 2025 North America: U.S. 10,158 509 (620) — (111) 10,047 Canada 997 45 (75) — (30) 967 Siren Retail 6 — (2) — (2) 4 Total North America 11,161 554 (697) — (143) 11,018 International: China 7,594 569 (154) — 415 8,009 Japan 1,809 87 (12) (1) 74 1,883 U.K. 378 44 (11) 113 146 524 All Other 71 7 (3) — 4 75 Siren Retail 5 — — — — 5 Total International 9,857 707 (180) 112 639 10,496 Total 21,018 1,261 (877) 112 496 21,514 (1) Includes 627 stores closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 as part of our “Back to Starbucks” restructuring plan. (2) Includes 113 licensed stores converted to stores in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 following the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited. Starbucks stores are typically located in , locations. Our ability to vary the size and format of our stores allows us to locate them in or near a variety of settings, including downtown and suburban retail centers, office buildings, university campuses, and rural and locations. We will continue to expand our coffeehouse portfolio to meet customers where they are with formats that provide a warm and welcoming environment, enable multiple opportunities to connect and gather, and provide attractive returns on invested capital. 7 Table of Contents Retail sales mix by product type for stores: Fiscal Year Ended Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Beverages 73 % 74 % 74 % Food 23 % 23 % 22 % Other (1) 4 % 3 % 4 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % (1) “Other” primarily consists of serveware, packaged and coffees and teas, and beverages, among other items. Stored Value Cards and Loyalty Program Our branded stored value card program (the “Starbucks Card”) is designed to provide customers with a convenient payment method, support gifting, and increase the frequency of store visits by cardholders, in part through the related Starbucks ® Rewards loyalty program where available, as discussed below. Starbucks Cards are issued to customers when they initially load them with an account balance. They can be obtained in our and most licensed stores in North America, China, Japan, and many of our other markets in our International segment. Starbucks Cards can also be obtained online, via the Starbucks ® Mobile App, and through other U.S. and international retailers. Customers may access their card balances by utilizing their Starbucks Card or the Starbucks Mobile App in participating stores. In nearly all markets, including the U.S. and Canada, customers who register their Starbucks Cards are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks Rewards program. Registered members can receive various benefits depending on factors such as the number of reward points (“Stars”) earned. In addition to using their Starbucks Cards, Starbucks Rewards members can earn Stars by paying with cash, credit or debit cards, or selected mobile wallets at all stores and a majority of licensed stores in North America. Using the Mobile Order and Pay functionality of the Starbucks Mobile App, customers can also place orders in advance for at certain participating locations in several markets. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion of our Starbucks Cards and loyalty program. Licensed Stores Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 12% of total net revenues in fiscal 2025. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food, and related products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties and license fees from the licensees. We also sell certain equipment, such as coffee brewers and espresso machines, to our licensees for use in their operations. Licensee employees working in licensed retail locations are required to follow our detailed store operating procedures and attend training classes similar to those given to employees in stores. In a limited number of international markets, we also use traditional franchising and include these stores in the results of operations from our other licensed stores. 8 Table of Contents Licensed store data for the fiscal September 28, 2025: Stores Open as of Stores Open as of Sep 29, 2024 Opened Closed Transfers (1) Net Sep 28, 2025 North America: U.S. 6,777 238 (202) — 36 6,813 Canada 486 14 (20) — (6) 480 Total North America 7,263 252 (222) — 30 7,293 International: Korea 1,980 134 (37) — 97 2,077 Latin America 1,705 115 (7) — 108 1,813 U.K. 976 56 (19) (113) (76) 900 Turkey 722 45 (5) — 40 762 Taiwan 571 33 (12) — 21 592 Indonesia 603 8 (14) — (6) 597 Thailand 513 39 (2) — 37 550 Philippines 479 43 (2) — 41 520 All Other 4,369 276 (274) 1 3 4,372 Total International 11,918 749 (372) (112) 265 12,183 Total licensed 19,181 1,001 (594) (112) 295 19,476 (1) Includes 113 licensed stores converted to stores in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 following the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited. Other Revenues Other revenues primarily are recorded in our Channel Development segment and include sales of packaged coffee, tea, and beverages to customers outside of our and licensed stores, as well as royalties received from Nestlé under the Global Coffee Alliance and other collaborative partnerships. Product Supply Starbucks is committed to selling the finest whole bean coffees and coffee beverages. To help ensure compliance with our rigorous coffee standards, we generally control substantially all coffee purchasing, roasting, and packaging, and the global distribution of coffee used in our operations. Nestlé controls distribution of Starbucks packaged coffee products outside of Starbucks stores through the Global Coffee Alliance, and in some cases, also roasts and packages these products. We purchase green coffee beans from multiple regions around the world and custom roast them to our exacting standards for our many blends and coffees. The price of coffee is subject to volatility and has steadily increased over the past five years with significant increases over the last two years. Although most coffee trades in the commodity market, arabica coffee of the quality sought by Starbucks tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the “C” coffee commodity price. Both the premium and the commodity price depend upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase. Supply and price can be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather and extreme weather events, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels, and political and economic conditions. Climate change may further exacerbate many of these factors. Price is also impacted by geopolitical conditions, including new and existing tariffs on coffee imports and other trade controls, and by trading activities in the arabica coffee futures market, including hedge funds and commodity index funds. In addition, green coffee prices have been affected in the past, and may be affected in the future, by the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. We buy coffee using and purchase commitments, depending on market conditions, to secure an adequate supply of quality green coffee. We also utilize forward contracts, futures contracts, and collars to hedge “C” price exposure under our green coffee contracts and our forecasted coffee demand where underlying and contracts are not yet available. Total purchase commitments, together with existing inventory, are expected to provide an adequate supply of green coffee through fiscal 2026. 9 Table of Contents We depend upon our relationships with coffee producers, outside trading companies, and exporters for our supply of green coffee. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers, that the risk of on such purchase commitments is remote. To help ensure the future supply of green coffee and to reinforce our leadership role in the coffee industry, Starbucks operates ten farmer support centers, including our China Farmer Support Center located in the Yunnan Province of this market. Farmer support centers are staffed with agronomists and sustainability experts who work with coffee farming communities to promote best practices in coffee production designed to improve both coffee quality and yields as well as agronomy support to address climate change and other impacts. In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy, particularly fluid milk, and to a lesser degree, alternative products, such as oat milk and almond milk, to support the needs of our stores. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our dairy and suppliers, that the risk of of sufficient fluid milk and alternatives to support our stores generally is remote. Products other than whole bean coffees and coffee beverages sold in Starbucks stores include tea and a number of beverages that are purchased from several specialty suppliers, usually under supply contracts. Food products, such as pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and lunch items, are purchased from national, regional, and local sources. We also purchase a broad range of paper and plastic products, such as cups and cutlery, from several companies to support the needs of our retail stores as well as our manufacturing and distribution operations. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers and manufacturers, that the risk of of sufficient amounts of these items generally is remote. Competition Our primary competitors for coffee beverage sales are specialty coffee retailers and shops. We believe that our customers choose among specialty coffee retailers and shops primarily on the basis of product quality, brand reputation, service, and convenience, as well as price. We continue to experience direct competition from large competitors in the restaurant sector and the coffee beverage market, in addition to both and companies in many international markets. We also compete with restaurants and other specialty retailers for prime retail locations and qualified personnel to operate both new and existing stores. Our coffee and tea products sold through our Channel Development segment compete directly against specialty coffees and teas sold through grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores, and foodservice accounts and also compete indirectly against all other coffees and teas on the market. Trademarks, Copyrights, Patents, and Domain Names Starbucks owns and has applied to register numerous trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in other countries throughout the world. Some of our trademarks, including Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, Starbucks Reserve, and Frappuccino, are of material importance. The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. We own numerous copyrights for items such as product packaging, promotional materials, graphics, and training materials. We also hold patents on certain products, systems, and designs, which have an average remaining duration of approximately fifteen years. In addition, Starbucks has registered and maintains numerous Internet domain names, including “Starbucks.com,” “Starbucks.net,” and “Starbucksreserve.com.” Seasonality and Quarterly Results Our business is subject to moderate seasonal fluctuations, of which our second fiscal quarter typically experiences lower revenues and operating income. Additionally, as Starbucks Cards are issued to, and loaded by, customers during the holiday season, we tend to have higher cash flows from operations during the first quarter of the fiscal year. However, since revenues from Starbucks Cards are recognized upon redemption and not when cash is loaded onto the Starbucks Cards, the impact of seasonal fluctuations on the consolidated statements of earnings is much less pronounced. As a result of moderate seasonal fluctuations, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Government Regulation As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States and the multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the rules, reporting obligations, and interpretations of all such requirements and obligations by various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. In addition, changes to such laws, regulations, rules, reporting obligations, and related compliance obligations could result in significant costs but are not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 10 Table of Contents Available Information Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K reports, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.starbucks.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our corporate governance policies, code of ethics, and Board committee charters and policies are also posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. We also use the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels as tools to disclose important information about the Company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. We encourage investors and others to review the information we make public on the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels, as such information could be deemed material information. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Report) or our social media channels is not part of this or any other report Starbucks files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, and all website addresses in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section, the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk section, the Controls and Procedures section, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, could materially and adversely affect our current and future business and financial performance. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution Our success depends substantially on the value of our brand, and failure to preserve its value could have a negative impact on our financial results. The Starbucks brand is recognized throughout most of the world, and we have received high ratings in global brand value studies. To be successful in the future, we believe we must preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Various factors, events, or conditions may result in a diminution or erosion of trust in our brand value. Adverse developments pertaining to the matters discussed elsewhere in this risk factors section may negatively impact the value of our brands. Such developments may include difficulties executing strategic initiatives, adapting to shifting consumer preferences, or managing global operations, and challenges stemming from macroeconomic volatility, supply chain pressures and disruptions, or an evolving competitive, regulatory, social, and geopolitical landscape. The impact of such developments on the value of our brands may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity or if they result in litigation. The value of our brands may be affected by actual or perceived developments, whether isolated or recurring, whether the result of actions by us or our business partners or the result of external developments, and whether such developments are in our control. Negative commentary about Starbucks, even if inaccurate or malicious, has in the past, and could in the future, damage the value of our brand, and adverse impacts may be compounded by social media, , and messaging platforms that could dramatically increase the speed with which negative publicity may be disseminated, often before we have a meaningful opportunity to investigate, respond to, and address an issue. In addition, we cannot ensure that our store partners, licensees, or other business partners will not act or refrain from acting in a manner that adversely affects the value and relevance of our brand. Because brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities, it may be difficult to address developments negatively impacting the value of our brands in a timely and effective manner to mitigate harm. The diminution of, or erosion of trust in, our brand value may have negative consequences for the Company. Consumer demand for our products and our brand value could diminish significantly if we or our employees, licensees, or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, or act, or are perceived to act, in an unethical, illegal, or otherwise inappropriate manner. To the extent third parties object to actions or positions taken or perceived to have been taken by us, it may generate negative sentiment around our business. Developments affecting the value of our brands have in the past, and may in the future, trigger boycotts of our stores, products, and brand. Each of these consequences, individually and collectively, could have potentially material impacts on our brand value, business performance, and financial results. We may not be successful in our brand, marketing, promotional, advertising, and pricing strategies. Our continued success depends on our ability to adapt brand, marketing, promotional, advertising, and pricing strategies to shifting economic conditions, competitive pressures, and evolving customer preferences. We operate in a complex and costly 11 Table of Contents marketing environment. Decisions to collaborate or refrain from collaborating with certain parties may impact our brand image and, consequently, our financial performance. Our programs may not always reach consumers as intended, particularly given the wide range of generational, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic characteristics and channels of communication used by our customers, and effective resource allocation across channels, including digital, is critical. Additionally, factors such as operating costs, competitor strategies, and inflation may affect our pricing decisions, which could impact demand. For example, there is no guarantee future cost increases will be absorbed by customers. If our marketing or pricing strategies underperform relative to competitors, our sales and market share could decline. Likewise, if we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing, data analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and innovation to understand and maintain or grow consumer interest, brand loyalty, and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. Risks Related to Our Business We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives (including our restructuring plan), effectively managing growth, or executing strategic transactions, any of which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. We may not be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations or that generate expected returns, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. In conjunction with our broader Back to Starbucks plan, these strategic initiatives are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations, and drive shareholder value. Such initiatives include improving our service model, and further transforming our support organization; enhancing partner investment to improve customer experience; closing, renovating, and redesigning coffeehouses; strengthening our leadership in coffee; expanding digital engagement through mobile, loyalty, delivery, and international platforms; simplifying store operations; and responsibly growing our global footprint. We have in the past and may in the future undertake restructuring initiatives, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in the incurrence of significant additional costs, and our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from these actions is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are subject to uncertainties. Such initiatives may be disruptive both internally and to our customers and may be viewed negatively by our stakeholders. We undertake these initiatives in the context of ongoing efforts to adapt to shifting consumer behaviors amid economic volatility, optimize our mix of licensed and stores, expand relevant product offerings across dayparts, and drive growth in cold beverages and Channel Development partnerships, while also advancing appropriate sustainability efforts, managing risks, and reducing operating costs. Risks to successful and timely implementation of these initiatives include delays or cancellations of store openings due to labor or material shortages, permit procurement issues, or lack of suitable real estate; supply chain scalability and sustainability challenges; underperformance or delays in product innovation; remodel disruptions or cost overruns; coordination and execution challenges; failure to realize cost savings; increased taxation; regulatory constraints, including public health mandates; credit rating deterioration; and geopolitical instability. If these initiatives fail to deliver expected results or we do not fully realize their intended benefits, our financial performance may suffer. Additionally, prioritizing these efforts over other organizational needs or misallocating resources could materially impact our business and operating results. Managing growth—particularly in international markets—requires balancing local autonomy with consistency in our goals, policies, and standards. Ineffectively balancing these imperatives could materially harm our business results and financial performance. Furthermore, we may be unsuccessful in implementing strategic initiatives through large acquisitions, integrations, divestitures, partnerships, joint ventures, or other strategic transactions. If we are unable to complete such transactions or successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, including the effective management of integration activities, we could fail to achieve the expected increases in revenues and operating results or the anticipated synergies and cost savings. In the past we have been, and in the future we may be, unable to realize the expected benefits of strategic transactions, or it may also take longer than expected to realize the expected benefits. This has in the past required, and may in the future require, us to assess potential impairment of assets, including goodwill and intangibles. Any resulting impairment charges could materially affect our financial results. Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, may adversely affect our business. Our success depends on attracting and retaining customers. Financial performance may be adversely affected by reduced discretionary spending, lack of acceptance of new products, brands, or platforms, or declining demand for existing offerings. We have previously been, and may in the future be, unable to accurately predict consumer demand for our products. This has 12 Table of Contents resulted, and may in the future result, in insufficient or excess inventory, increased inventory markdowns, and higher costs. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, health concerns related to ingredients such as caffeine, dairy, sugar, or allergens—whether accurate or not—along with increased litigation, regulation and regulatory scrutiny, or taxes on certain food components, ingredients, or additives, could reduce demand and harm our results. Shifts in consumer behavior, including dietary changes or use of drugs, may also impact sales. If our business partners and providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand, and our financial results could suffer. Our global business strategy, including our plans for new stores, branded products, and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensees, joint venture partners, manufacturers, distributors, and retailers, particularly for our entire global Channel Development business. These partners are often authorized to use our logos and deliver branded products directly to customers. To maintain consistent customer experience, we provide training and oversight to certain partners; however, factors beyond our control—such as financial instability, labor shortages, or noncompliance with sanitation protocols—may affect the quality of their service and products. We do not have direct control over these partners and may lack visibility into their operations. We source products from a broad network of domestic and international business partners, and in some cases, licensees source products independently. We do not monitor the quality of products served by authorized foodservice operators. Failures by business partners to comply with applicable laws or meet brand standards may negatively impact our business. Additionally, inconsistent use or inadequate protection of our brand and intellectual property could erode consumer trust and materially affect our financial results. Reported incidents involving food- or illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, could harm our business. We may experience food or incidents such as contamination, mislabeling, or adulteration during any stage of production or preparation. We rely on suppliers for many of our ingredients and finished products. A failure to meet quality standards—even if due to factors beyond our control—could result in public exposure, regulatory scrutiny or action, litigation (including product liability claims and class actions), or temporary store closures, which could materially harm our business. Additionally, clean water is essential for beverage preparation, and access may be limited in certain international markets. As we expand our offerings requiring temperature control, the risk of incidents increases if proper conditions are not maintained due to mechanical failure or human error. Such incidents may harm our brand and reputation and could negatively impact our business and financial performance. Reports—whether accurate or not—of food- or issues such as contamination, mislabeling, or adulteration during any stage of production or preparation have historically harmed the reputations of companies in our industry. Any perceived association with such incidents, even if unfounded, could harm our reputation and materially impact our business and financial performance. incidents involving competitors or shared suppliers, even if unrelated to Starbucks, could generate negative publicity and impact our sales regionally or globally. In addition, real or perceived concerns about food safety issues, such as phthalates, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), microplastics or heavy metals in the U.S. food supply chain, could impact consumers’ confidence in our offerings. Confirmed issues may also result in product recalls. A widespread product recall could lead to significant financial losses from recall costs, inventory destruction, lost sales, and reputational damage. Declines in customer traffic due to safety concerns, negative publicity, or store closures could adversely affect our operations. If we are unable to meet our projections for new store openings or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores, our operating results could suffer. Our growth depends in part on our ability to open new stores and operate them profitably within projected timelines. Store development costs have risen due to construction labor inflation and increased material and equipment expenses. Each new store involves substantial startup costs and a period during which profitability may be delayed as we train partners and build a customer base. If we fail to attract sufficient customers or offset higher startup costs, new stores may underperform relative to existing ones. Store development is subject to risks including site selection, lease negotiations, permitting and regulatory compliance, contractor availability, labor and material costs, and external disruptions such as weather events, natural disasters, or pandemics. We also face competition for prime locations, contractors, and qualified personnel. Additionally, new stores may 13 Table of Contents cannibalize sales from nearby existing locations. Failure to manage these risks could result in increased costs and sales and earnings, materially affecting our operating results. We also invest in remodeling and maintaining existing stores. If costs exceed projections, closures last longer than planned, or remodeled stores underperform, we may not achieve expected returns, which could negatively impact our financial results. Risks Related to Operating a Global Business We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. Our financial performance is heavily reliant on our North America operating segment, which accounted for approximately 74% of total net revenues in fiscal year 2025. A slowdown or decline in this segment—particularly in the U.S.—has in the past, and could in the future, materially impact our overall business, as other segments may not offset the shortfall. Given its maturity and role as the primary source of operating cash flow, reduced performance in North America could limit our ability to fund international expansion, strategic initiatives, and shareholder returns. We are dependent on the performance of licensed and international markets to achieve our growth targets. The International segment is a critical profit center. Achievement of our growth targets is partially dependent on sustained performance and growth internationally, particularly in the markets operated by our larger regional licensees and in key markets outside North America. If one or more of these international markets fail to achieve stable revenues and earnings—due to economic downturns or other factors—our consolidated results could be materially impacted. In addition to the risks that apply to our business generally, wherever conducted, our International business may also be subject to certain additional risks and risks that take on a different magnitude or character in the context of our international business. Success in international markets can depend on factors distinct from those in the U.S., including regional taste preferences, varying consumer acceptance of our products, and differing regulatory regimes across markets. International operations may also face higher occupancy and operating costs due to elevated rents and regulatory compliance. Finally, because many markets are in earlier development stages, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue tend to be higher than in more established markets. Each of these factors present risks to our business performance and financial results. We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. Operating in 89 global markets, we face diverse cultural, regulatory, geopolitical, and economic environments. Our success depends on navigating these differences effectively and leveraging operational strengths across markets. However, planned initiatives may not resonate uniformly with customers and could lead to unexpected shifts in perception or market share. Our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as: • Uncertainty in economic, legal, regulatory, social, and political conditions, including rising sentiment in certain markets; • Governmental trade and investment restrictions, such as tariffs, export duties, ownership limits, and favoritism toward local competitors; • Economic or trade sanctions limiting product sourcing or business operations; • Delays in store openings due to external factors, competition, or limited access to affordable real estate, potentially impacting financial performance; • Operational and supply chain challenges abroad, including staffing, logistics, product consistency, and cultural or language barriers; • growth in disposable income in developing economies; • Complex and varying interpretations of laws and regulations, including those related to taxes, labor, privacy, and responsible business matters; • Local employment laws increasing the cost and complexity of hiring and termination; • Labor disruptions due to geopolitical instability or social unrest; • Health and safety regulations affecting store operations; • Challenges in enforcing intellectual property and contract rights; • Foreign currency fluctuations and restrictions on currency use or fund repatriation; and • Licensing and import requirements that may hinder business operations. Moreover, many of the foregoing risks are particularly acute in developing markets, which are important to our growth prospects. An inability to effectively manage the risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business performance and financial results. 14 Table of Contents Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. Our growth depends on the ability of licensee partners to execute our strategies and implement our growth platforms and product innovations. Success also relies on negotiating, maintaining, and enforcing commercial agreements, and on partner performance under those agreements. International licensees may face legal or financial constraints that limit expansion. Our Channel Development business is heavily reliant on Nestlé, which holds global rights to distribute certain Starbucks branded packaged goods. If Nestlé fails to meet its obligations or support our brand, it could materially impact Channel Development and our overall financial results. Additionally, our retail licensed operations are concentrated among a few large licensees, and their inability to access capital or grow effectively, including their inability to meet store development and renovation targets, could adversely affect performance in key markets. A failure by any of our large regional licensees or Channel Development business partners to grow the relevant Starbucks business, or otherwise perform its obligations under agreements with us, could adversely affect our performance. We may not have the ability to offset such poor performance or in the markets or verticals into which these parties extend Starbucks brand. Likewise, if we are unable to maintain and grow our relationships with these licensees and business partners, it could adversely affect our business performance and financial results. Risks Related to Supply Chain Increases in the cost of arabica coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. The availability and price of coffee beans and other commodities are highly volatile. We purchase, roast, and sell arabica coffee, which typically trades at a premium above the “C” commodity price. This premium varies based on supply and demand and can significantly impact our ability to secure contracts. We often enter supply agreements with defined quality, quantity, and delivery terms, but with pricing tied to future “C” market rates. Coffee supply and pricing are influenced by factors in producing countries, including weather and extreme weather events, water availability, natural disasters, crop disease, input costs, inventory levels, political and economic conditions, and actions by organizations seeking to influence global prices. Climate change may intensify these risks—for example, droughts or frosts in Brazil have in the past driven price increases. Speculative trading also contributes to volatility. Tariffs have also affected, and in the future may affect, our costs to procure coffee. Given coffee’s central role in our operations and our limited ability to fully hedge against price increases, rising costs or supply shortages could materially impact our profitability and ability to meet customer demand. We supply strategic products, including coffee, to our licensees, and we may have limited ability to pass along increased costs. We also rely on significant quantities of dairy products and alternatives, such as oat and almond milk, as well as other commodities including tea, cocoa, produce, meats, eggs, energy, and packaging materials. Price increases or supply disruptions—whether due to shortages, processing delays, tariffs, or other factors—could materially affect our profitability, particularly in international markets. Our supply chain may be unable to fully support current and future business needs. Even without acute disruptions, our supply chain may not fully meet current or future business needs. We cannot guarantee that suppliers will support our growth or continue providing products at current volumes or favorable prices and other terms. Delays or cost inefficiencies in supply could impair growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results. Inaccurate sales forecasting or insufficient inventory may lead to expedited shipping costs, stockouts, and diminished customer and partner satisfaction. Conversely, overestimating demand—especially for new products—can result in inventory . Failure to scale and improve forecasting, planning, production, and logistics could frustrate customers, reduce sales, and harm our brand reputation. We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and other foreign governments. Changes in the import and export policies, including trade restrictions such as new, increased, threatened, or retaliatory tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards, or customs restrictions by the U.S. and foreign governments, have in the past required, and could in the future require, us to change the way we conduct business and such changes have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees in the short- or . It may be and expensive for us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes. Likewise, changes in laws and 15 Table of Contents policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. Interruption of our supply chain and our reliance on suppliers could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. Any material disruption to our supply chain—such as the loss of a roasting plant, logistics interruptions, trade restrictions, pandemics, labor shortages, natural disasters, or geopolitical conflicts—could materially impact our business and profitability. We rely on a broad network of domestic and international suppliers to provide products in compliance with applicable laws, and in certain cases, products are sourced by our licensees directly. As we update our fresh and prepared food offerings, sourcing from regions with limited infrastructure or political instability may present additional challenges. For certain products, we depend on a limited number of suppliers, and their failure to meet our standards, deliver on time, or comply with regulations—factors often beyond our control—could materially harm our operations and financial results. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Our financial condition and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. As a retailer reliant on discretionary spending, our financial results are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions. A prolonged downturn or slow recovery may reduce consumer spending, leading to lower demand or shifts to products. Factors such as job loss, inflation, interest rate changes, taxation, credit access, public health crises, trade disputes, and geopolitical instability can all impact consumer behavior, including spending and routines, potentially affecting demand for our products. Reduced customer traffic or transaction value without corresponding cost reductions could pressure margins. If economic uncertainty persists, consumers may adopt lasting changes in spending habits, potentially affecting our sales, profitability, and growth plans. Our operating results have been, and will continue to be, subject to a number of other macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations: • Rising real estate costs in certain domestic and international markets; • Supply chain disruptions; • Climate change and extreme weather affecting input costs and availability; • Changes in tax laws and government regulations, such as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, enacted in the U.S. in July 2025; • Adverse litigation outcomes; • Inflation and interest rate fluctuations; • Natural or disasters disrupting major markets; • Government shutdowns and impacts globally, including regime change and political and civil unrest; • Terminations of, or changes in, existing trade agreements among the countries in which we operate; • Tariffs imposed on commodities or goods, including recent tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed by the U.S. on other countries, and any retaliation measures taken by such countries; • Labor unrest, geopolitical instability, terrorism, sentiment, or public health crises—especially in key markets; and • Foreign currency exchange rate volatility. A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. Furthermore, unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers and licensees, who in turn could experience cash flow problems, more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. This could lead to supplier or licensee insolvency, increase our bad debt expense, or cause us to increase the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to suppliers and licensees. Additionally, the insolvency of any of our licensees could result in disrupted operations or our exit from a particular market and negatively impact our reputation. Failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance or any announced guidance will likely adversely affect the market price and increase the volatility of our stock, and fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may also impact the market price and volatility of our stock. 16 Table of Contents We have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to meet announced guidance or market expectations, which has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the market price of our stock. Any guidance we provide is based on certain assumptions, which may or may not prove to be correct. Failure to meet announced guidance or market expectations going forward, particularly with respect to our operational and financial results, shareholder returns, and expectations regarding the success of our Back to Starbucks plan and related guidance, whether due to our assumptions not being met or the impact of various risks and uncertainties, will likely result in either or both a decline in or increased volatility in the market price of our stock. In addition, price and volume fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may affect the market price of our stock in ways that may be unrelated to our financial performance. Risks Related to Human Capital The loss of key personnel, difficulties with recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, or ineffectively managing changes in our workforce could adversely impact our business and financial results. Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel and employees. The loss of any of our executive officers, including our chief executive officer or other key senior management personnel, could harm our business. Our success also depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our retail store employees we rely on to give customers a superior experience and elevate our brand. Accordingly, our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain management personnel and other employees to work in and manage our stores, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market (which has experienced, and may continue to experience, wage inflation and labor shortages), our position with respect to unions and the unionization of partners, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce, and shifts in remote or hybrid work arrangements. Our ability to attract and retain corporate, retail, and other personnel is also acutely impacted in certain international and domestic markets where the competition for a relatively small number of qualified employees is intense or in markets where large companies are able to offer more competitive salaries and benefits. These factors and others have also made, and may continue to make, it more difficult to maintain an effective system of operational internal controls for a dispersed workforce, and to train partners to deliver a consistently product and customer experience. Additionally, there is intense competition for qualified technology systems developers, who are necessary to develop and implement new technologies for our growth initiatives, including increasing our digital relationships with customers. If we are unable to recruit, retain, and motivate employees sufficiently to maintain our current business and support our projected growth, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. Changes in the availability and cost of labor could adversely affect our business. Our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits, which, in a retail business such as ours, are two of our most significant costs, both domestically and internationally. Such increases could be triggered by state and federal legislation and regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling, and benefits; increases in healthcare and workers’ compensation insurance costs; and increases in wages and costs of other benefits necessary to attract and retain employees with the right skill sets. For example, at the federal level, effective July 1, 2024, the United States Department of Labor increased the minimum salary threshold requirements for employees who are exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act overtime requirements, and at the state level, Assembly Bill 1228 increased minimum wage and established working hour and working condition standards for certain partners in California. These changes, along with others that may occur in the future, could have a significant impact on the classification of employees as being exempt from overtime and add to our labor costs. The growth of our business can make it increasingly difficult to locate and hire sufficient numbers of employees, to maintain an effective system of operational internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise, and to train employees worldwide to deliver a consistently product and customer experience; the failure to do so could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, a shortage of labor for store positions, and the inc

[truncated]