Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 55 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 89 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 91 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 91 Item 9B Other Information 93 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance 94 Item 11 Executive Compensation 94 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 94 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 94 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 102 SIGNATURES 103 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes “ ” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future events and the future results of Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about our business, our results of operations, the industry in which we operate, our economic and market outlook, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks,” or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as “will,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “aims,” “intends,” or “projects,” and similar expressions intended to identify statements, although not all statements contain these identifying words. By their nature, statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or from our current expectations or projections. Our statements, and the risks and uncertainties related thereto, include, but are not limited to, those described under the “Risk Factors” and “Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections and in other reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as well as, among others: • our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage our brands, including the risk of negative responses by consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns), governmental actors (such as retaliatory legislative treatment), or other third parties who object to certain actions taken or not taken by the Company, whose responses could adversely affect our brand value; • the impact of our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, pricing strategies, platforms, reformulations, innovations, or customer experience initiatives or investments; • the costs and risks associated with, and the successful execution and effects of, our existing and any future business opportunities, expansions, initiatives, strategies, investments, and plans, including our Back to Starbucks plan; • changes in consumer preferences, demand, consumption, or spending behavior, including due to shifts in demographic or health and wellness trends, reduction in discretionary spending and price increases, and our ability to anticipate or react to these changes; • the ability of our business partners, suppliers, and providers to fulfill their responsibilities and commitments; • the potential negative effects of reported incidents involving food- or illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling; • our ability to open new stores and efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores; • our dependence on the financial performance of our North America operating segment and our increasing dependence on certain international markets; • our anticipated operating expenses, including our anticipated total capital expenditures; • inherent risks of operating a global business, including changing conditions in our markets, local factors affecting store openings, protectionist trade or foreign investment policies, economic or trade sanctions, compliance with local laws and other regulations, and local labor policies and conditions, including labor strikes and work stoppages; • higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of coffee, dairy, cocoa, energy, water, raw materials, or product ingredients; • the potential impact on our supply chain of adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, or significant increases in logistics costs; • the ability of our supply chain to meet current or future business needs and our ability to scale and improve our forecasting, planning, production, and logistics management; • a worsening in the terms and conditions upon which we engage with our manufacturers and source suppliers, whether resulting from broader local or global conditions or dynamics specific to our relationships with such parties; • the impact of unfavorable global or regional economic conditions and related economic slowdowns or recessions, low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, budget deficits, burdensome government debt, austerity measures, higher interest rates, higher taxes, international trade disputes, government restrictions, geopolitical instability, higher inflation, or deflation; • failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations and the impact thereof; • failure to attract or retain key executive or partner talent or successfully transition executives; • the impacts of partner investments and changes in the availability and cost of labor, including any union organizing efforts and our responses to such efforts; • the impact of foreign currency translation, particularly a stronger U.S. dollar; • the impact of, and our ability to respond to, substantial competition from new entrants, consolidations by competitors, and other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets; • potential impacts of climate change; • evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations; • the potential impact of activist shareholder actions or tactics; 1 Table of Contents • failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements; • the impact or likelihood of significant legal disputes and proceedings or government investigations; • potential negative effects of, and our ability to respond to, a material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of our information technology systems or those of our business partners or service providers, or failure to comply with data protection laws; and • our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others. In addition, many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, or could be, exacerbated by any worsening of the global business and economic environment. A statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We are under no obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“10-K” or “Report”) for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024 (“fiscal 2024”), Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as “Starbucks,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our.” Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, operating in 87 markets. Formed in 1985, Starbucks Corporation’s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SBUX.” We purchase and roast coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea, and other beverages and a variety of food items through stores. We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé S.A. (“Nestlé”). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee ® brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana ® , Ethos ® , and Starbucks Reserve ® . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process, and technology innovation, including in our digital platform. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories, diverse channels, and alternative store formats. Starbucks has always been a different kind of company – one deep with purpose, where we work together to create a positive impact in the world. With coffee at our core, we pursue ambitious goals for our partners (employees), our communities, and our planet, which we believe also contributes to the sustainability of creating a thriving business powered by thriving people for a thriving planet and communities. Our work to uplift one another extends well beyond our partners to the communities where we do business around the world. We are committed to responsible and ethical sourcing led by Coffee and Farmer Equity Practices (“C.A.F.E. Practices”), the Company’s verification program and the cornerstone of our approach to ethical sourcing of coffee with over 98% of our coffee having been historically verified through C.A.F.E. Practices as ethically sourced. Human Capital Management We invest in the – the mental, physical, and financial health – of every partner through our practices, policies, and benefits. This work is grounded in the belief that we are at our best when we create inclusive, supportive, and welcoming environments, where we uplift one another with dignity, respect, and kindness. And we are hard at work uplifting our communities and building environments in our stores that are welcoming and safe. We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global brand that leads with purpose. Therefore, one of our core strategies is to invest in and support our partners to differentiate our brand, products, and services in the competitive specialty coffee market, including the following areas of focus: Oversight and Management We recognize the diversity of customers, partners, and communities and believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures. Working under these principles, our Partner Resources Organization is tasked with managing matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management, and professional development. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) and Board committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our Inclusion and Diversity initiatives. As noted in its charter, our Compensation and Management Development Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing Starbucks partner resource programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices and strategies. Our Audit and Compliance Committee works closely with the Risk Management Committee, led by Starbucks chief financial officer (“cfo”) and chief legal officer, to monitor and mitigate current and emerging labor and human capital management risks. Our Environmental, Partner, and Community Impact Committee annually reviews and assesses the effectiveness of the Company’s environmental and social 3 Table of Contents strategies, policies, practices, goals, programs, disclosure, and risks, including review of the Company’s annual global climate and social impact report. These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of the broader framework that guides how Starbucks should attract, retain, and develop a skilled workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our partners on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities, and recommendations on how we can remain an employer of choice. The results are shared with our partners and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in partner engagement. Our management and teams also work closely to evaluate human capital management issues such as partner retention, workplace safety, harassment, and bullying, as well as to implement measures to mitigate these issues. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging As we create the future of Starbucks, we are continuing to work to improve the partner experience so our partners can thrive at work, individually, and together. Core to this is taking steps to ensure that Starbucks is an inclusive, diverse, equitable, and accessible company—a place where all are welcome and where our partners know they belong. Under the leadership of our senior vice president of Talent and Inclusion and our executive leadership team, we remain committed to accountability at every level of the Company. We prioritize transparency with our partners, Inclusion and Diversity Executive Council, Partner Networks, Inclusion and Diversity Business Council, community leaders, customers, and stakeholders. At Starbucks, we are committed to creating environments where everyone is welcome and belongs. In 2024, we reaffirmed this commitment by cementing “Belonging” as one of our company values. These values have long been part of our culture, and we are working to build a more inclusive, equitable, accessible, and diverse company, to make substantial progress in the representation of our partners and to expand opportunities for our partners. To further this: • we worked to reach a broader pool of candidates, prioritizing inclusivity in our recruitment, in partner engagement, and by continuing to foster inclusive leadership; • we established and expanded our mentorship program to make valuable guidance and networking opportunities available to all partners; and • we remained focused on addressing barriers impeding equal pay for equal work. At the end of fiscal 2024, our U.S. partner base is made up 70.9% female and 28.4% male. Additionally, in the U.S. diverse partners represent more than 51.9% of our retail team and more than 37.9% of our corporate roles. We are expanding workforce diversity to bring new perspectives and experiences that improve our business and workplace. To do this, we reach a broader pool of candidates and talent by prioritizing inclusivity in our recruitment practices, in partner engagement, and by continuing to foster inclusive leadership. Total Rewards We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages by continuously assessing the current business environment and labor market. We have consistently made enhancements in wages in order to attract talent to support our growth strategy and to elevate the customer experience. To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of partners with shareholders, restricted stock units are provided to eligible partners under our stock incentive programs. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive, locally relevant and innovative benefits to all eligible partners. The following list summarizes key benefits provided in the U.S., which is our largest and most mature market: • Comprehensive health insurance coverage is offered to partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. • 100% upfront tuition coverage through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan for partners to earn a bachelor’s degree online at Arizona State University is offered to partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. • Our Future Roast 401(k) savings plan helps partners save for their financial goal through convenient payroll deductions. Partners can contribute or Roth dollars, and Starbucks matches 5% of eligible contributions with immediate vesting in those matching contributions. 4 Table of Contents • 100% paid parental leave is available to new parents that welcome a child through birth, adoption, or foster placement and work an average of 20 hours or more each week. • A Partner and Family Sick Time program is provided and allows partners to accrue paid sick time based on hours worked and use that time for themselves or family members in need of care. • We view mental health as a fundamental part of our humanity and provide a comprehensive suite of related programs and benefits. These include a free subscription to Headspace, an online application that enables guided meditation, and 20 free mental health therapy or coaching sessions annually with Lyra. Outside of the U.S., we have provided other innovative benefits to help address needs, such as providing loans to our U.K. partners to help cover rental deposits, mental health services in Canada, and, in China, an extra 14th Month Pay initiative, giving retail partners an additional month’s salary as a bonus on top of the 13th month pay that is customary in China, as well as a monthly housing subsidy for Starbucks baristas and shift supervisors, and comprehensive health insurance coverage for parents of partners. Support To help our partners succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous training and development opportunities. These include, but are not limited to, safety and security protocols, updates on new products and service offerings, and deployment of technologies. Training provided through our Pour Over sessions, which are a series of inspiring talks with thought leaders to help partners understand how to bring the Starbucks Experience to life, include a wide variety of topics such as achievable goal setting, giving and receiving constructive feedback, and effective engagement with customers and communities. To help further promote an inclusive culture and to better serve our customers, we encourage U.S.-based partners to enroll in the To Be Welcoming courses we created in partnership with Arizona State University to address different forms of bias and discrimination. Pay Equity To be an employer of choice and maintain the strength of our workforce, we consistently assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation and benefits programs and other resources available to our partners. Starbucks is committed to pay equity. We’ve achieved and maintained racial and gender pay equity for partners in the U.S. who are performing similar work, and we’re working toward achieving gender pay equity for Starbucks partners who are performing similar work in all of our markets globally. Further, we have formulated principles, which provide equal footing, transparency, and accountability as best practices that help address known, systemic barriers to global pay equity. As of September 29, 2024, Starbucks employed approximately 361,000 people worldwide. In the U.S., Starbucks employed approximately 211,000 people, with approximately 201,000 in stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution operations. Approximately 150,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 144,000 in stores and the remainder in regional support operations. Approximately 5% of Starbucks partners in U.S. stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 50 chairman and chief executive officer Rachel Ruggeri 55 executive vice president, chief financial officer Brady Brewer 51 chief executive officer, Starbucks International Sara Kelly 45 executive vice president, chief partner officer Brad Lerman 68 executive vice president, chief legal officer Brian Niccol joined Starbucks as its chairman and chief executive officer in September 2024. Mr. Niccol spent more than 25 years in leadership, marketing, and operations roles for some of the world’s most respected brands. Mr. Niccol joined Starbucks after leading Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. through a period of growth and transformation, having served as a director and as its chief executive officer from 2018 to 2024 and as its chairman, from 2020 to 2024. Before joining Chipotle, he served as chief executive officer of Taco Bell, a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., from 2015 to 2018, after having served as its President (2013 to 2014) and chief marketing and innovation officer (2011 to 2012). Mr. Niccol also served in leadership roles at Pizza Hut, another division of Yum! Brands from 2005 to 2011. Mr. Niccol currently serves on the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc., a retailer. 5 Table of Contents Rachel Ruggeri joined Starbucks in 2001 as a member of the accounting team and was named executive vice president and chief financial officer in 2021. In August 2024, she served as interim chief executive officer during Starbucks recent chief executive officer transition. In her role as chief financial officer, Ms. Ruggeri is responsible for the global finance function for Starbucks, which includes developing and executing the financial strategies that enable the growth of the Company. Prior to her promotion in 2021, she served as senior vice president of Americas with responsibility for the retail portfolio across the segment, including and licensed stores from 2020 to 2021. From 2016 to 2020, she held various leadership roles in finance both internal and external to Starbucks, including Chief Financial Officer of Continental Mills from 2018 to 2020 and prior to that she was senior vice president of Finance at Starbucks in support of the Americas and Global Retail from 2016 to 2018. She also served as vice president of Finance from 2010 to 2016 supporting Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and the U.S. Retail business. Ms. Ruggeri currently serves on the Board of Directors of Stryker Corporation, a medical technologies company. Brady Brewer joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as chief executive officer, Starbucks International since April 2024, where he is responsible for the teams across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Japan, Latin America, and the Caribbean, as well as Global Channel Development and the Company’s international licensed partners. From February 2020 through March 2024, he served as Starbucks executive vice president and chief marketing officer, leading the Starbucks brand, marketing, food and beverage portfolio, digital customer experience innovation, R&D/Engineering, creative and brand management, consumer insights, data analytics, and sustainability. His prior roles at Starbucks include senior vice president of Digital Customer Experience for Starbucks (2019 through February 2020), where he focused on delivering new innovations that made the Starbucks Experience continually more effortless and delightful for customers; chief operating officer for Starbucks Japan (2016 to 2019), where he led store operations as well as brand and marketing strategy; and senior vice president, Marketing and Product for the Company’s China and Asia Pacific region (2014 to 2016). Sara Kelly joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as executive vice president and chief partner officer since 2022, where she is responsible for helping partners realize their career potential and building global partner capability to enable growth and deliver on the Company’s strategic plan. Prior to her current role, Ms. Kelly was senior vice president, Talent & Partner Experience from 2021 to 2022, where she was responsible for advancing Starbucks talent and organizational leadership agenda and was focused on amplifying the strategic work being led by the talent acquisition, talent management, partner experience, learning and development, and organization and leadership effectiveness teams. From 2014 to 2021, Ms. Kelly served as vice president, Partner Resources, supporting partners in our global markets. Brad Lerman joined Starbucks in April 2023 as executive vice president and general counsel and has served as executive vice president and chief legal officer since April 2024. In this role, he leads the Company’s Legal and Corporate Affairs organization. Prior to Starbucks, Mr. Lerman served as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Medtronic plc from 2014 to 2022; and executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Lerman has also served as chief litigation counsel for Pfizer and has worked in private practice as a partner at Winston & Strawn LLP in Chicago. He also served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of Illinois. Mr. Lerman currently serves on the Board of Directors of McKesson Corporation, a health care, pharmaceutical, and medical supply company. Segment Financial Information Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our ceo, who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker, manages the segments, evaluates financial results, and makes key operating decisions. We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. Revenues from our reportable operating segments as a percentage of total net revenues for fiscal 2024 were as follows: North America (75%), International (20%), and Channel Development (5%). Our North America and International segments include both and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, products, a variety of beverages, such as Frappuccino ® and Starbucks Doubleshot ® , foodservice products, and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, while our global businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo, Inc., Beverages Holding Co., Ltd., Arla Foods amba, Nestlé, and others. 6 Table of Contents Revenue Components We generate the majority of our revenues through stores and licensed stores. and Licensed Store Summary as of September 29, 2024: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores stores 11,161 61 % 9,857 45 % 21,018 52 % Licensed stores 7,263 39 % 11,918 55 % 19,181 48 % Total 18,424 100 % 21,775 100 % 40,199 100 % The mix of versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Stores Revenue from stores accounted for 82% of total net revenues during fiscal 2024. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as safe, clean, and stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing sales in existing stores, to support our strategic objective to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Store growth in specific existing markets will vary due to many factors, including expected financial returns, the maturity of the market, economic conditions, consumer behavior, and the local business environment. store data for the fiscal September 29, 2024: Stores Open as of Stores Open as of Oct 1, 2023 Opened Closed Transfers Net Sep 29, 2024 North America: U.S. 9,645 611 (96) (2) 513 10,158 Canada 977 37 (17) — 20 997 Siren Retail 6 — — — — 6 Total North America 10,628 648 (113) (2) 533 11,161 International: China 6,804 855 (65) — 790 7,594 Japan 1,733 90 (14) — 76 1,809 U.K. 355 32 (9) — 23 378 All Other 67 4 — — 4 71 Siren Retail 5 — — — — 5 Total International 8,964 981 (88) — 893 9,857 Total 19,592 1,629 (201) (2) 1,426 21,018 Starbucks stores are typically located in , locations. Our ability to vary the size and format of our stores allows us to locate them in or near a variety of settings, including downtown and suburban retail centers, office buildings, university campuses, and rural and locations. We are continuing the expansion of our stores, particularly formats that provide a higher degree of access and convenience, as well as other store formats that cater to a variety of customer needs. 7 Table of Contents Retail sales mix by product type for stores: Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 Beverages 74 % 74 % 74 % Food 23 % 22 % 22 % Other (1) 3 % 4 % 4 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % (1) “Other” primarily consists of serveware, packaged and coffees and teas, and beverages, among other items. Stored Value Cards and Loyalty Program Our branded stored value card program (the “Starbucks Card”) is designed to provide customers with a convenient payment method, support gifting, and increase the frequency of store visits by cardholders, in part through the related Starbucks ® Rewards loyalty program where available, as discussed below. Starbucks Cards are issued to customers when they initially load them with an account balance. They can be obtained in our and most licensed stores in North America, China, Japan, and many of our other markets in our International segment. Starbucks Cards can also be obtained online, via the Starbucks ® Mobile App, and through other U.S. and international retailers. Customers may access their card balances by utilizing their Starbucks Card or the Starbucks Mobile App in participating stores. In nearly all markets, including the U.S. and Canada, customers who register their Starbucks Cards are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks Rewards program. Registered members can receive various benefits depending on factors such as the number of reward points (“Stars”) earned. In addition to using their Starbucks Cards, Starbucks Rewards members can earn Stars by paying with cash, credit or debit cards, or selected mobile wallets at all stores and a majority of licensed stores in North America. Using the Mobile Order and Pay functionality of the Starbucks Mobile App, customers can also place orders in advance for at certain participating locations in several markets. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion of our Starbucks Cards and loyalty program. Licensed Stores Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 12% of total net revenues in fiscal 2024. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food, and related products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties and license fees from the licensees. We also sell certain equipment, such as coffee brewers and espresso machines, to our licensees for use in their operations. Licensee employees working in licensed retail locations are required to follow our detailed store operating procedures and attend training classes similar to those given to employees in stores. In a limited number of international markets, we also use traditional franchising and include these stores in the results of operations from our other licensed stores. 8 Table of Contents Licensed store data for the fiscal September 29, 2024: Stores Open as of Stores Open as of Oct 1, 2023 Opened Closed Transfers Net Sep 29, 2024 North America: U.S. 6,701 232 (158) 2 76 6,777 Canada 481 26 (21) — 5 486 Total North America 7,182 258 (179) 2 81 7,263 International: Korea 1,870 144 (34) — 110 1,980 Latin America 1,649 139 (83) — 56 1,705 U.K. 911 87 (22) — 65 976 Turkey 676 46 — — 46 722 Taiwan 563 24 (16) — 8 571 Indonesia 581 30 (8) — 22 603 Thailand 474 40 (1) — 39 513 Philippines 447 33 (1) — 32 479 All Other 4,093 426 (150) — 276 4,369 Total International 11,264 969 (315) — 654 11,918 Total licensed 18,446 1,227 (494) 2 735 19,181 Other Revenues Other revenues primarily are recorded in our Channel Development segment and include sales of packaged coffee, tea, and beverages to customers outside of our and licensed stores, as well as royalties received from Nestlé under the Global Coffee Alliance and other collaborative partnerships. Product Supply Starbucks is committed to selling the finest whole bean coffees and coffee beverages. To help ensure compliance with our rigorous coffee standards, we generally control substantially all coffee purchasing, roasting, and packaging, and the global distribution of coffee used in our operations. Nestlé controls distribution of Starbucks packaged coffee products outside of Starbucks stores through the Global Coffee Alliance, and in some cases, also roasts and packages these products. We purchase green coffee beans from multiple regions around the world and custom roast them to our exacting standards for our many blends and coffees. The price of coffee is subject to significant volatility. Although most coffee trades in the commodity market, arabica coffee of the quality sought by Starbucks tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the “C” coffee commodity price. Both the premium and the commodity price depend upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase. Supply and price can be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels, and political and economic conditions. Climate change may further exacerbate many of these factors. Price is also impacted by trading activities in the arabica coffee futures market, including hedge funds and commodity index funds. In addition, green coffee prices have been affected in the past, and may be affected in the future, by the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. We buy coffee using and purchase commitments, depending on market conditions, to secure an adequate supply of quality green coffee. We also utilize forward contracts, futures contracts, and collars to hedge “C” price exposure under our green coffee contracts and our forecasted coffee demand where underlying and contracts are not yet available. Total purchase commitments, together with existing inventory, are expected to provide an adequate supply of green coffee through fiscal 2025. We depend upon our relationships with coffee producers, outside trading companies, and exporters for our supply of green coffee. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers, that the risk of on such purchase commitments is remote. 9 Table of Contents To help ensure the future supply of green coffee and to reinforce our leadership role in the coffee industry, Starbucks operates ten farmer support centers, including our China Farmer Support Center located in the Yunnan Province of this market. Farmer support centers are staffed with agronomists and sustainability experts who work with coffee farming communities to promote best practices in coffee production designed to improve both coffee quality and yields as well as agronomy support to address climate change and other impacts. In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy, particularly fluid milk, and to a lesser degree, alternative products, such as oat milk and almond milk, to support the needs of our stores. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our dairy and suppliers, that the risk of of sufficient fluid milk and alternatives to support our stores generally is remote. Products other than whole bean coffees and coffee beverages sold in Starbucks stores include tea and a number of beverages that are purchased from several specialty suppliers, usually under supply contracts. Food products, such as pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and lunch items, are purchased from national, regional, and local sources. We also purchase a broad range of paper and plastic products, such as cups and cutlery, from several companies to support the needs of our retail stores as well as our manufacturing and distribution operations. We are also expanding our use of reusable packaging to reduce landfill waste. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers and manufacturers, that the risk of of sufficient amounts of these items generally is remote. Competition Our primary competitors for coffee beverage sales are specialty coffee retailers and shops. We believe that our customers choose among specialty coffee retailers and shops primarily on the basis of product quality, brand reputation, service, and convenience, as well as price. We continue to experience direct competition from large competitors in the restaurant sector and the coffee beverage market, in addition to both and companies in many international markets. We also compete with restaurants and other specialty retailers for prime retail locations and qualified personnel to operate both new and existing stores. Our coffee and tea products sold through our Channel Development segment compete directly against specialty coffees and teas sold through grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores, and foodservice accounts and also compete indirectly against all other coffees and teas on the market. Trademarks, Copyrights, Patents, and Domain Names Starbucks owns and has applied to register numerous trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in other countries throughout the world. Some of our trademarks, including Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, Starbucks Reserve, and Frappuccino, are of material importance. The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. We own numerous copyrights for items such as product packaging, promotional materials, graphics, and training materials. We also hold patents on certain products, systems, and designs, which have an average remaining duration of approximately thirteen years. In addition, Starbucks has registered and maintains numerous Internet domain names, including “Starbucks.com,” “Starbucks.net,” and “Starbucksreserve.com.” Seasonality and Quarterly Results Our business is subject to moderate seasonal fluctuations, of which our second fiscal quarter typically experiences lower revenues and operating income. Additionally, as Starbucks Cards are issued to, and loaded by, customers during the holiday season, we tend to have higher cash flows from operations during the first quarter of the fiscal year. However, since revenues from Starbucks Cards are recognized upon redemption and not when cash is loaded onto the Starbucks Cards, the impact of seasonal fluctuations on the consolidated statements of earnings is much less pronounced. As a result of moderate seasonal fluctuations, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Government Regulation As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States and the multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the rules, reporting obligations, and interpretations of all such requirements and obligations by various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. In addition, changes to such laws, regulations, rules, reporting obligations, and related compliance obligations could result in significant costs but are not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 10 Table of Contents Available Information Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K reports, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.starbucks.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our corporate governance policies, code of ethics, and Board committee charters and policies are also posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. We also use the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels as tools to disclose important information about the Company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. We encourage investors and others to review the information we make public on the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels, as such information could be deemed material information. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Report) or our social media channels is not part of this or any other report Starbucks files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, and all website addresses in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section, the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk section, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Summary of Risks Associated with Our Business Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in the Company. These risks are described in more detail in this Item 1A. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution • Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. • We may not be successful in our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies. Risks Related to Our Business • We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. • Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results. • Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, may adversely affect our business. • If our business partners and providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand, and our financial results could suffer. • Reported incidents involving food- or illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, could harm our business. • If we are unable to meet our projections for new store openings or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores, our operating results could suffer. Risks Related to Operating a Global Business • We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. • We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. • We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. • Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. 11 Table of Contents Risks Related to Supply Chain • Increases in the cost of arabica coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. • Our supply chain may be unable to fully support current and future business needs. • Interruption of our supply chain and our reliance on suppliers could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions • Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. • Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business and financial results. • Failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations for our financial performance will likely adversely affect the market price and increase the volatility of our stock, and fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may also impact the market price and volatility of our stock. Risks Related to Human Capital • The loss of key personnel, difficulties with recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, or ineffectively managing changes in our workforce could adversely impact our business and financial results. • Changes in the availability and cost of labor could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Competition • We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Risks Related to Environmental, Social, and Governance Matters • Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business. • Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. • Certain activist shareholder actions have caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur expense, hinder execution of our business strategy, and adversely impact our stock price. Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation • Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. • We have been, and could continue to be, party to litigation or other legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, results, operations, and reputation. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy • Failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain privacy and data protection laws and regulations may result in substantial negative financial consequences, reputational harm, and civil or criminal penalties. • The unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee data (personal, financial, or other), or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf, could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. • We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Risks Related to Intellectual Property • Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property or ensure that we are not infringing on the intellectual property of others could harm the value of our brand and our business. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe we have built an excellent reputation globally for the quality of our products, for delivery of a consistently positive consumer experience, and for our global environmental and social impact programs. The Starbucks brand is recognized throughout most of the world, and we have received high ratings in global brand value studies. To be successful in the future, particularly outside of the U.S. where the Starbucks brand and our other brands are less , we believe we must preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. Erosion of trust in our brand value can be caused by isolated or recurring incidents originating both from us or our business partners, or from external events. Such incidents can potentially trigger boycotts of our stores or result in civil or criminal liability, which can have a negative impact on our financial results. Incidents that can erode trust in our brand value include actual or perceived breaches of privacy or violations of domestic or international privacy laws, contaminated food, product recalls, store employees or other food handlers infected with communicable diseases, incidents, or other potential incidents discussed in this risk factors section. The impact of such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons), or if they result in litigation. Negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about Starbucks, even if inaccurate or malicious, have in the past, and could in the future, generate negative publicity about Starbucks across media channels that could damage the value of our brand. It may be difficult to address such negative publicity, including as a result of fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative artificial intelligence or bad actors) across media channels. Additionally, consumer demand for our products and our brand value could diminish significantly if we, our employees, licensees, or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, , unequal, inequitable, or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content, or sale of our products, service and treatment of customers at Starbucks stores, treatment of employees, including our responses to unionization efforts, or the use of customer data for general or direct marketing or other purposes. Allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting internationally recognized human rights, are failing to comply with applicable workplace and labor laws, or are aligned with positions on social or geopolitical issues could also negatively impact our brand value. Additionally, if we fail to comply with laws and regulations, take controversial positions or actions, fail to deliver a consistently positive consumer experience in each of our markets, including by failing to invest in the right balance of wages and benefits to attract and retain employees who represent the brand well, or fail to foster an inclusive and diverse environment, our brand value may be diminished. In addition, we cannot ensure that our store partners, licensees, or other business partners will not take actions that adversely affect the value and relevance of our brand. Furthermore, if we are not effective in making sufficient progress toward our environmental and social program goals, consumer trust in our brand may suffer, and this perception could result in negative publicity or litigation. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on making sufficient progress toward our environmental and social program goals, each of which requires coordination and alignment. Increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on environmental sustainability matters, including climate change, diminishing energy and water resources, packaging and waste, deforestation, biodiversity loss, greenhouse gas emissions, and land use, may result in increased pressure to set goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational, and execution costs or risks. Statements regarding our environmental and social program goals reflect our current plans and aspirations; our environmental and social policies, practices, and goals are voluntary, challenging, and subject to change at our discretion. Some third parties may object to the scope or nature of our environmental and social program initiatives or goals, or any revisions to these initiatives or goals, which could give rise to negative responses by governmental actors (such as retaliatory legislative treatment), consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns), or other third parties that could adversely affect our brand value. We may not be successful in our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to adjust our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. We operate in a complex and costly marketing, promotional, and advertising environment. Competition to attract and retain marketing partners and endorsers has increased. Our decisions to collaborate or to cease collaborating with certain endorsers or marketing partners in light of actions taken or statements made by them could seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. Our marketing, promotional, and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising, promotional, and marketing resources across different channels, including digital, allows us to effectively and efficiently reach consumers in ways that are meaningful to them. Additionally, many factors, including operating costs, constraints, or changes, and our current and future competitors’ pricing 13 Table of Contents and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies (including price reductions, promotions, discounts, coupons, or free goods), which may prevent us from competing effectively in certain geographies. For example, historically, in order to partially offset inflation and other increases in the costs of core operating resources, we have gradually increased menu prices. There can be no assurance that future cost increases, including as a result of inflation, can be offset by increased menu prices or that our current or future menu prices will be fully absorbed by our customers without any resulting change to their demand for our products. If the advertising, promotional, and marketing programs or our pricing strategies are not successful or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales and market share could decrease. Finally, consumers are focusing more on sustainability and the environmental impacts of Starbucks operations, as well as the alignment of Starbucks actions with its stated mission, values, and promises. An inability to meet consumer expectations with respect to these issues could adversely affect our financial results. Risks Related to Our Business We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. We may not be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations or that generate expected returns, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. These strategic initiatives, which include our Back to Starbucks plan, are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations, and drive shareholder value, and include: • being an employer of choice and investing in partners to deliver a superior customer experience; • building our leadership position around coffee; • driving convenience, brand engagement, and digital relationships through our mobile, loyalty, delivery, and digital capabilities both domestically and internationally; • simplifying store administrative tasks to allow store partners to better engage with customers; • increasing the scale of the Starbucks store footprint with disciplined global expansion and continuing to introduce flexible and unique store formats in certain markets; • adjusting rapidly to changing customer preferences and behaviors as a result of changing economic conditions and increased global interest rates and inflation; • moving to a more licensed store model in certain markets and a more model in other markets; • creating new occasions in stores across all dayparts with new product offerings, including our growing lunch food and beverage product lineup; • continuing the global growth of our Channel Development business through our supply, distribution, and licensing agreements with Nestlé and other Channel Development business partners; • delivering continued growth in our cold beverage business; • working to address the potential effects of climate change and the sustainability of our business; and • reducing our operating costs, particularly general and administrative expenses. In addition to other factors listed in this risk factors section, factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results, include the following: • delays or cancellations of store openings for reasons beyond our control, such as potential shortages of materials and labor, delays in permits, or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates, any of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets in the U.S. and internationally; • not successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure as we continue to expand; • not successfully adapting to customer or market factors affecting our supply chain as we work to address sustainability goals and mitigate the impacts of climate change; 14 Table of Contents • inability to timely innovate with new product offerings, or the potential that such offerings may not be by consumers; • delays or cancellations of remodels based on changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, or other factors; • construction cost increases associated with new store openings and remodeling of existing stores; • the challenges of coordination and alignment; • inability to identify or act on opportunities to deliver anticipated cost savings; • imposition of additional taxes by jurisdictions, such as on certain types of beverages or based on number of employees; • governmental regulations or other health guidelines concerning operations of stores, including due to public health emergencies; • deterioration in our credit ratings, which could limit the availability of additional financing and increase the cost of obtaining financing to fund our initiatives; and • geopolitical instability and international conflicts. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we continue to expand in international markets where we must balance the need for flexibility and a degree of autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals, policies, and standards. If we are not successful in implementing our strategic initiatives, or, in the event we undertake large acquisitions, integrations, and divestitures, we may be required to evaluate whether certain assets, including goodwill and other intangibles, have become impaired. In the event we record an impairment charge, it could have a material impact on our financial results. Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results. Our business objectives depend on the successful execution of our strategies. We continue to build upon our investments in development, technology, digital engagement, and delivery in order to transform and enhance the customer experience. As part of these investments, we continue to focus on improving our service model and strengthening relationships with customers, in part through digital channels and loyalty initiatives, mobile order and payment systems, and enhancement of our technologies. We also continue to expand and refine our mobile ordering process. If these customer experience initiatives are not successfully executed or do not generate expected results, or if we do not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments, our financial results may suffer. It is also possible that the greater allocation of time and resources to these customer experience initiatives versus other organizational priorities could negatively impact other areas of our business, or that we will fail to achieve optimal allocation of resources, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, may adversely affect our business. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from food and beverages (such as a reduction in discretionary spending); lack of customer acceptance of new products (including due to price increases necessary to cover the costs of new products or higher input costs), brands (such as the global expansion of the Starbucks brand), and platforms (such as features of our mobile technology, changes in our loyalty rewards programs, and our delivery services initiatives); or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. In addition, some of our products contain caffeine, dairy products, sugar, and other compounds and allergens, the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny, including the suggestion of linkages to a variety of adverse health effects. Particularly in the U.S., there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks, including obesity, as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in our products, whether or not accurate, imposition of additional taxes on certain types of food and beverage components, or negative publicity or litigation arising from certain health risks could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products and materially harm our business and results of operations. Changes in diet (whether due to changes in consumer behavior and eating habits, use of drugs, or other factors) could also influence the demand for our offerings and materially harm our business and results of operations. Our financial results have been, and could continue to 15 Table of Contents be, adversely affected by changes in macroeconomic conditions, including those discussed in more detail elsewhere in this risk factors section. Such changes have impacted, and could continue to impact, customer routines, employer “ ” policies, and consumer behavior, including consumers’ ability or willingness to spend discretionary income on our products. If our business partners and providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand, and our financial results could suffer. Our global business strategy, including our plans for new stores, branded products, and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensees, joint venture partners, manufacturers, distributors, and retailers, particularly for our entire global Channel Development business. Licensees, retailers, and foodservice operators are often authorized to use our logos and provide branded food, beverage, and other products directly to customers. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control, including financial constraints or solvency issues, adherence to sanitation protocols and guidance, labor shortages, and other factors. We do not have direct control over our business partners and may not have visibility into their practices. We also source our food, beverage, and other products from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners, and in certain cases, such products are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. We do not monitor the quality of products served by foodservice operators who are authorized to use our logos and provide branded products as part of their foodservice businesses. Failures by our licensees or business providers to comply with the laws or regulations of their markets, or to otherwise meet the standards consumers associate with our brand, may negatively impact our business. Additionally, inconsistent use of our brand and other intellectual property assets, as well as the failure to protect our intellectual property, could erode consumer trust and diminish our brand value, which could result in a material negative impact on our financial results. Reported incidents involving food- or illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, could harm our business. Instances or reports, whether true or not, of unclean water supply or issues, such as food- or illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, and/or mislabeling, either during growing, manufacturing, packaging, transporting, storing, or preparation, have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the food and beverage processing, grocery, and restaurant sectors. Any report linking us to such instances, even when false, unfounded, or inaccurate, could materially harm our sales and could lead to product liability claims, litigation (including class actions), temporary store closures, or other adverse consequences. Validated issues can also result in regulatory action and may lead to a recall of impacted products. Clean water is critical to the preparation of coffee, tea, and other beverages, as well as ice for our cold beverages, and our ability to ensure adequate supplies of clean water and ice to our stores can be limited, particularly in some international locations. We continue to incorporate more products in our food and beverage lineup that require time and temperature control, including freezing or refrigeration, which increases the risk of related incidents if correct temperatures are not maintained during manufacturing, storage, distribution to stores, and at stores, due to mechanical malfunction or human error. We also face risk by relying on food suppliers to manufacture finished products, and to provide and transport ingredients and finished products to our stores. The product quality and service they deliver may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Potential food safety incidents, whether at our stores, with our products, or involving our business partners, could lead to wide public exposure, regulatory action, and potential litigation, which could materially harm our business. A widespread Starbucks product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, and could also subject us to product liability claims and negative publicity, all of which could materially harm our business. A decrease in customer traffic because of concerns or negative publicity, product recalls, food or beverage claims, or other food or claims or litigation, or as a result of a temporary closure of any of our stores, could materially harm our business and results of operations. Additionally, instances of food or issues, even those solely involving the restaurants or stores of competitors or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), could adversely affect our sales on a regional or global basis by resulting in negative publicity about us, even if no Starbucks suppliers or products are impacted, or the foodservice industry in general. 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to meet our projections for new store openings or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores, our operating results could suffer. Our growth depends in part on our ability to open new stores and operate them profitably on the forecasted timeline. In recent years, the costs of opening new stores increased due in part to construction labor inflation and increased costs of materials and equipment. In addition, we incur substantial startup expenses each time we open a new store, and it takes time to ramp up the sales and profitability of a new store, during which period costs may be higher as we train new partners and build up a customer base. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect or fail to overcome the higher startup expenses associated with new stores, our new stores may not be as profitable as our existing stores. Our ability to open and profitably operate new stores is also subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of desirable locations; the negotiation of acceptable lease terms; the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals) and comply with other regulatory requirements, including health and safety; the availability of capable contractors and subcontractors; increases in the cost and decreases in the availability of labor and building material; changes in weather, natural disasters, pandemics, or other acts of God that could delay construction and adversely affect guest traffic; our ability to hire and train qualified management and store partners; and general economic and business conditions. At each potential location, we compete with other foodservice and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, partners, and other resources. It is also possible that our new stores may negatively impact the profitability of existing stores nearby. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and sales and earnings in future periods, which could have a material negative effect on our operating results. In addition, we continue to improve our existing stores through remodels, upgrades, and regular upkeep. If the costs associated with remodels, upgrades, or regular upkeep are higher than anticipated, stores are closed for remodeling for longer periods than planned, or remodeled stores do not perform as expected, we may not realize our projected return on investment, which could have a material negative effect on our operating results. Risks Related to Operating a Global Business We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 75% of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal year 2024. If the North America operating segment revenue trends slow or decline, especially in our U.S. market, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Since the North America segment is relatively mature and produces the large majority of our operating cash flows, such a slowdown or decline could result in reduced cash flows for funding the expansion of our international businesses and other initiatives and for returning cash to our shareholders. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. Some or all of our international market business units (“MBUs”), which we generally define by the markets in which they operate, may not be successful in their operations or in achieving expected growth, which ultimately requires achieving consistent, stable net revenues and earnings. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in one or more of the markets in which our large MBUs operate. A decline in performance of one or more of our significant international MBUs could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results. The International segment is an important profit center driving our global returns, along with our North America segment. In particular, our China MBU, as our market overall and 100% , contributes meaningfully to both consolidated and International net revenues and operating income. Due to the significance of our China MBU for our profit and growth, we are exposed to risks in China, including the risks mentioned elsewhere and the following: • a highly competitive retail environment and the entry of new competitors to the specialty coffee market in China; • changes in economic conditions in China and potential negative effects to the growth of its middle class, wages, labor, inflation, discretionary spending, and real estate and supply chain costs; • the effects of U.S.-China relations, including escalating U.S.-China tension and increased , potential tariff increases, retaliations, restrictive regulations, or boycotts, and increasing political sensitivities in China; • ongoing government regulatory reform, including relating to public health, food safety, tariffs and taxes, sustainability, and responses to climate change, which result in regulatory uncertainty as well as potential significant increases in compliance costs; • data privacy and cybersecurity risks unique to the conduct of business in China; and 17 Table of Contents • food safety related matters, including compliance with food safety regulations and ability to ensure product quality and safety. Additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international operations overall are different than those affecting our U.S. stores and licensees. Tastes naturally vary by region, and consumers in some international MBUs may not embrace our products to the same extent as consumers in the U.S. or other international markets. Occupancy costs and store operating expenses can be higher internationally than in the U.S. due to higher rents for prime store locations or costs of compliance with regulatory requirements. Because many of our international operations are in an early phase of development, operating expenses as a percentage of related revenues are often higher compared to more developed operations. We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. We operate in 87 markets globally. We encounter differing cultural, regulatory, geopolitical, and economic environments within and among the markets in which we operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on our ability to successfully navigate these differing environments. Our ability to meet customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially dependent on our ability to leverage operating successes across multiple markets. Planned initiatives may not have appeal across multiple markets with our customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and market share. Our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as: • changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social, and political conditions in our markets, as well as negative effects on U.S. businesses due to increasing sentiment in certain markets; • restrictive actions 

[truncated]