ABN 23 629 193 764 | PEXA Group Limited 
 
 
ASX Announcement: PXA 
28 May 2026 
Appointment of Group Chief Financial Officer 
Melbourne, Australia - PEXA Group Limited (ASX: PXA)  (“PEXA” or “Group”)  today announces the 
appointment of Mr Graham Curtin as Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Based in Melbourne, Mr Curtin 
will assume the role on 1 September 2026. 
Mr Curtin is an accomplished finance executive with more than 20 years of leadership experience across 
Australia, Asia and Europe. Mr Curtin joins PEXA from ASX-listed REA Group Ltd, where he holds the role 
of Deputy CFO. Since joining REA Group Ltd in 2018, he has held multiple senior finance executive roles 
across finance, strategic transformation and integration, capital allocation and corporate development.  
Previously, Mr Curtin was a Senior Manager in KPMG Melbourne’s Audit, Risk and Assurance division 
having commenced his career with Crowe Horwath in Dublin. Mr Curtin is a Chartered Accountant, a 
Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and holds a Master  of Business Studies in 
Accounting and a Bachelor of Accounting and Finance from Dublin City University. 
Russell Cohen, PEXA CEO and Group Managing Director said, “I am delighted to welcome Graham to the 
PEXA team as our new Group CFO. Graham is a highly accomplished finance leader with extensive 
experience in ASX -listed technology  companies and digital property markets. His strong commercial 
acumen , listed -company expertise and deep understanding of our market make him an outstanding 
addition to the executive team. I look forward to working with Graham as we continue to execute our 
strategy and deliver long-term value for our shareholders.” 
Mr Curtin said, “PEXA is a market-leading technology business with a track record of innovation and a clear 
strategic vision. I am excited to be joining the Group at such an important stage of its growth journey and 
look forward to working with Russell, the Board and the broader team to help execute PEXA’s strategy and 
support the Group’s continued growth and success.” 
Interim CFO, Liz Warrell, will remain with the Group through delivery of the FY26 Company results and to 
facilitate a smooth transition. 
Mr Cohen continued, “I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Liz for stepping up as Interim CFO during 
this extended transition. Liz’s financial expertise, team leadership and deep knowledge of PEXA continue 
to be invaluable in maintaining our financial strength and supporting the business through this period  of 
change. On behalf of the Board and management team, we  thank her for her continued dedication to 
uplifting our processes, our team and our financial position  and we wish her the very best for her future 
endeavours.” 
This release was authorised by the CEO and Group Managing Director of PEXA Group Limited. 
- Ends -
ABN 23 629 193 764 | PEXA Group Limited 
 
 
 
For more information, please contact: 
Investors 
Lisa Newns-Smith 
M: +61 405 670 981  
E: investors@pexa.com.au  
Media 
James Aanensen 
M: +61 410 518 590 
E: corporateaffairs@pexa.com.au 
 
 
 
About PEXA 
PEXA (Property Exchange Australia) is a world -leading, digital property exchange business, listed on the 
Australian Stock Exchange. Since 2013, PEXA has facilitated more than 2 6 million property settlements, 
and today, 90% of all property transfer settlements in Australia are processed on the PEXA platform. In 
2022, PEXA commenced its international expansion through entry into the UK digital refinancing market, 
followed by the UK launch of PEXA’s Sale & Purchase capability in 2025.