2020 Annual Report: District 4 - Washington State Patrol Skip to content Skip to footer MENU About Us Accreditation In 1988, the Washington State Patrol became just the third state law enforcement agency… Bureaus See how our organization is structured. Our Mission Learn how we’re striving to make a difference every day. Annual Reports View Annual Reports. Office of Culture and Engagement This page outlines the policy, direction, and commitment of OCE as the agency moves into our second century of service to the public. Tribal Relations Unit Supporting government-to-government relationships, Tribal engagement, and MMIWP initiatives to strengthen collaboration and public safety throughout Washington State. Executive Staff Meet the Washington State Patrol’s Executive Staff. Fallen Officers Dedicated to those who lost their lives in the line of duty. History It all started with six motorcycles back in 1921. Safe Place Program Learn about our program on Capitol Campus to combat hate crimes. El Protector Program Our ‘El Protector’ works to bridge the gap between our agency and Spanish-speaking motorists/ ‘El Protector’ trabaja para reducir la brecha entre nuestra agencia y los automovilistas de habla hispana Media Blog View the Washington State Patrol’s most recent news and blog posts. PIO Contacts Get in contact with one of our agency Public Information Officers around the state. Independent Investigations Officer-Involved use of deadly force investigations. Media Releases Stay up to date with the latest with the Washington State Patrol and our happenings. Legislative Reports Click here to view our mandated legislative reports. Subscribe Subscribe to one of our ListServs. Traffic Safety Collision Reports Submit or request a collision report here. Commercial Vehicle & Driver The Washington State Patrol strives to make the state’s roadways the safest in the nation… DUI/Impaired Driving Impaired driving is a leading factor in Washington traffic deaths. The Washington State Patrol’s… Creating Safe Roads Commissioned Washington State Patrol troopers carry out the agency’s primary goal of providing… Rules of the Road Visit our directory of selected RCW and WAC links for operating motor vehicles… Speed Measuring Devices Search for testing and certification information for all speed measuring devices used by the WSP… Vehicle & Equipment Requirements From passenger cars and pickups or large commercial trucks or buses, we answer the… VIN Inspections Schedule a VIN Inspection at one of our facilities here… Crime Alerts & Missing Persons The Missing & Unidentified Persons Unit (MUPU) assists law enforcement agencies and parents… Crime & Forensic Laboratory Services The Washington State Patrol’s Crime Lab plays a vital role in the criminal justice process providing… Criminal History Records Criminal history record information (CHRI) consists of fingerprint-based records and… Firearms Background Division The Firearms Background Division is responsible for conducting firearm background checks submitted by Federal Firearm Licensees (FFLs)… MECTF The Washington State Patrol Missing and Exploited Children Task Force (MECTF)… Sexual Assault Kits (SAK) The Washington State Patrol Crime Laboratory Division is working to track and test the sexual assault evidence collection kits in Washington… Report Something The Washington State Patrol is committed to keeping the public safe but we need your help. You can help keep our state… WSP Most Wanted The Washington State Patrol relies on the public’s help to keep the state safe. If you have… Fire Marshal Training Learn about training offered through the State Fire Marshal’s Office. Fire Service Certification Information regarding IFSAC certification, Test Administration, and more. Fire Sprinklers Apply for licensing, certification, and more through the SFMO. Prevention Data Collection Report fire fatalities and review NFIRS guidelines. Fire Inspection & Plan Review Learn how to get your facility inspected. Clean, Energy, Research and Training Information, training, and resources on current best practices for managing clean energy incidents. Fireworks Apply for a fireworks license through the SFMO. All Risk Mobilization The Fire Service Resource Mobilization Plan provides resources during emergencies. Fire Safe Cigarettes All cigarette brands sold in WA must be certified by the SFMO. Fallen Firefighter Memorial A tribute to Washington’s fallen firefighters. Community Risk Reduction Community Risk Reduction (CRR) resources and education Contact Us Get in touch with the SFMO. I Want To... Check Today’s Traffic Check today’s traffic conditions through the Washington State Department of Transportation’s website. FAQs Browse through a list of our most frequently asked questions. Find a Port of Entry Find your nearest port of entry and learn how to request permits. Request Your Criminal History Record Request a copy of a criminal history report/background check. Request Public Disclosure Records You can file a public disclosure record(s) through our website here. Request/Submit Collision Report(s) Request, Submit, Locate collision report(s) through the Washington State Patrol Requests for Electronic Collision Records (WRECR) system here. Report Something WSP is committed to keeping the public safe but we need your help. You can help keep our state safe by reporting harmful behavior. Schedule a VIN Inspection Schedule a VIN inspection at one of our facilities. Submit a Compliment or Complaint File an official compliment, complaint, or comment through our Office of Professional Standards. Learn about Washington State Laws Learn about Washington State laws. The Revised Code of Washington (RCW) is a compilation… Request Sheriff Background Eligibility Find requirements and complete the background check process for sheriff eligibility. Jobs Be a Trooper Find out how these Troopers are making a difference in their own lives and the lives… Commercial Vehicle Enforcement Commercial Vehicle Officers strive to make Washington roadways the safest in the nation. Communications Officers Become one of the first, first responders… Lateral Hires Bring your experience to the WSP and help us in our mission of creating safe roadways. Civilian Careers We seek qualified people in management, trades, computer technology, inspections, electronics… WSP Academy The division provides training for other law enforcement agencies as well and is recognized… 2020 Annual Report: District 4 Home 2020 Annual Report: District 4 Close About Us Accreditation Bureaus Our Mission Annual Reports Office of Culture and Engagement (OCE) Executive Staff Fallen Officers History Safe Place Program El Protector Program Tribal Relations Unit Media Blog PIO Contacts Independent Investigation Team Media Releases Legislative Reports Subscribe Traffic Safety Collision Reports Commercial Vehicle & Driver DUI/Impaired Driving Creating Safe Roads Rules of the Road Speed Measuring Devices Vehicle & Equipment Requirements Schedule a VIN Inspection Crime Alerts & Missing Persons Crime & Forensic Laboratory Services Criminal History Firearms Background Division Missing and Exploited Children Task Force WSP Most Wanted Sexual Assault Kits (SAKs) Report Something State Fire Marshal’s Office Training Fire Service Certification Fire Sprinklers Prevention Data Collection Fireworks Fire Inspection & Plan Review All Risk Mobilization Clean Energy Research and Training Fire Safe Cigarettes Fallen Fire Fighter Memorial Contact Us I Want To… Check Today’s Traffic Frequently Asked Questions Find a Port of Entry Request Your Criminal History Request Public Disclosure Records Schedule a VIN Inspection Submit a Compliment or Complaint Learn about Washington Laws Careers with WSP Be A Trooper Commercial Vehicle Enforcement Careers Become A Dispatcher Lateral Hires Civilian Careers WSP Academy Overview District 4 has 85 commissioned personnel that supports the agency’s mission of enhancing the safety and security of our state through education and traffic law-enforcement in the seven easternmost counties of Washington. Key Measurements and Statistics District 4 experienced a 14 percent decline in total collisions for 2020. More importantly, fatality collisions were down 13 percent along with a 13 percent decline in injury collisions. Speed related fatality collisions declined by 37 percent, which are typically a leading cause of fatality collisions in District 4. The changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in some unusual traffic patterns. While DUI arrests are down 13 percent statewide, the Ritzville detachment experienced a 165 percent increase in DUI arrests. This is exceptional due to the facts that there are no drinking establishments in the Ritzville patrol area, and that the overwhelming majority of those arrested were commuting long-distance on Interstate-90 (not local-residents). Successes of 2020 District 4 maintained close cooperation with agency partners such as Washington State University (WSU), Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT), City of Spokane, Spokane County and others. Though the events were ultimately canceled, planning occurred for large annual events such as Bloomsday, Hoopfest, and several WSU events. Despite the cancellations & disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, District 4 enforcement personnel continued excellent efforts in public safety. District 4 administrative staff adjusted well to a mandated teleworking status, limiting their physical exposure per guidance from Washington State Department of Health. Despite the changes, a high level of productivity was maintained. Contact us Mailing Address Washington State Patrol PO Box 42600 Olympia, WA 98504 Physical Address Washington State Patrol Helen Sommers Building 106 11th Avenue SW Olympia, WA 98501 Additional info Privacy Policy Link Policy Rules Development Tort Claims Vendor & Budget Info Title VI Contact Us Employee Log-In Wsp accessibility The Washington State Patrol is firmly committed to providing an environment that provides the public fair and equal treatment and equal access to its benefits, programs and services, as required by state and federal laws. If you require an accommodation under the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) or for reasons other than under the ADA such as language interpreter or would like to file a grievance please click on the following link: WSP Public Accessibility and Grievance Process Follow us twitter-x facebook-1 instagram youtube linkedin © 2026 Washington State Patrol