Amanda Blanc's 2020 full year results video - Aviva plc Skip to content Skip to footer Recommendation to reject "mini-tender" offers by Litani LLC We want to make you aware that a company called Litani may write, or may already have written, to you offering to buy some or all of your Aviva shares. Our warning to shareholders page explains what you should do if you are contacted. Corporate site UK Customer site Locations Contact us Menu - skip to menu Log in - skip to log in Search - skip to search Current Aviva plc share price 681.67 GBp +0.48%* Share price data delayed by 15 minutes. Data from investis. You are currently within Home Investors Strategy and performance overview Results, presentations and reports Archive of past results Amanda Blanc's 2020 full year results video Amanda Blanc's 2020 full year results video JavaScript is required to use features on this page, but is not currently available; please try again. <strong>Amanda Blanc, Group CEO</strong></p> <p>Hi everyone.</p> <p>Eight months ago, we embarked on a radical and exciting plan to transform Aviva. I said we would focus the portfolio, transform performance and improve our financial strength. It is a bold strategy and at the time, some said we couldn't do it, that Aviva was too big and complex to 'fix'. I asked them to judge me, to judge us all, on our performance against those ambitions.</p> <p>So, eight months in, how have we done?</p> <p><strong>Focus the portfolio</strong></p> <p>I said we'd focus the portfolio on the businesses where we have the strongest market positions- the UK, Ireland and Canada. We've made great progress on that front. Our businesses in France, Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Vietnam, Turkey and Italy, as we've just announced this morning have moved, or will shortly move, to new ownership. I've always said these are great businesses, but I've also said there may be better homes for them than Aviva. I know we absolutely have found the right partners for all of them.</p> <p>These sales give us the opportunity and the resources to concentrate our efforts on our three core markets where we are very confident we can be the leading player. They have strengthened our financial position and realised significant value for our shareholders.</p> <p><strong>Transform our performance</strong></p> <p>Our second priority is to transform our performance. Again, we're making good early progress here. Despite all the challenges 2020 threw at us, trading has been robust, and we have had some top performances in our key growth areas:</p> <p>- 8% year-on-year growth in commercial lines</p> <p>- A record of £6bn of BPA new business sales</p> <p>- And&nbsp;£8.5bn&nbsp;of savings and retirement net flows</p> <p>Other parts of the business, such as Personal Lines, Individual Protection, and Aviva Investors, performed less well and we need to do better. We know where the issues are, and we are addressing them.</p> <p>We're on track to deliver £300m cost savings by the end of 2022, with £180m achieved so far. And all of this contributed to £2.5bn of operating profit and £1.4bn of cash remitted to the group from our core markets. Our performance is improving, and while we've got a long way to go yet, the early indications are good.</p> <p><strong>Financial strength</strong></p> <p>Finally, our third priority is improving our financial strength. We continue to benefit from a robust balance sheet, and a healthy capital surplus and cover ratio. Addressing our debt leverage is a key part of restructuring the group so I'm delighted to say that, thanks to the sale of our non-core assets, we will reduce our debt by £1.7bn during the first half of 2021. We're also announcing a Full Year 2020 dividend of 21p per share, with a final dividend of 14p per share. This is in line with our stated intent to deliver a sustainable, ordinary dividend for our shareholders. So far, so good. It's clear we are doing what we said we would.</p> <p>But let me be very clear- there is a long way to go until we fully unlock the true potential of Aviva for our customers, our shareholders and our people. This is just the start. Ultimately everything we do is centred around the needs of our customers. Aviva is the only insurer in the UK that can serve all our customers' needs, at every stage of their lives. That's a unique ability and we need to make much better use of that than we have in the past.</p> <p>We are determined to help more customers and satisfy more of their needs. But we can only do this if we stick to the plan and execute it brilliantly and consistently. We can only do this if we remain focused on what our current and future customers want. Which is: fair prices, a trusted brand that delivers on its promises, excellent service and ease of access to a company that acts in a sustainable and responsible way. It's actually pretty simple. So, we're going to press on with simplifying, automating and digitising what we do to ensure that we can meet those expectations.</p> <p>There are material opportunities to build upon our success and deliver growth: Commercial and Personal Lines, Savings &amp; Retirement, Workplace Pension, Bulk Purchase Annuities. We will allocate our capital and target our attention towards these opportunities.</p> <p>We're going to keep working on bringing this business together, creating a culture that sees people rather than policies and recognises that behind every interaction and every spreadsheet there is a real life with real needs.</p> <p>We'll soon be relaunching our brand to ensure that not only does it better reflect what all of Aviva does but that it has genuine meaning and value to the lives of our current and future customers. And, as we announced this week, we're going to raise our ambition on sustainability, aiming to be a carbon net zero business by 2040. That is a huge challenge, probably the most difficult thing we have ever taken on at Aviva. But as with everything we are trying to do here, it has to be bold, it has to be stretching because to be number one, to be the leader in our markets, sometimes we have to take a deep breath and just go for it.</p> <p>These are exciting times to be part of Aviva - we are doing important things that will have lasting consequences. I know that, at times, this may be daunting, yet the only way to have the kind of business we all want is to challenge ourselves constantly to find a better, more efficient or exciting way of doing things. You know I have big ambitions for Aviva. There is still a long way to go, but much to get excited about in the months and years to come.</p> <p>So, I would like to finish by thanking everyone at Aviva, for everything you have done. It is only because of you, your belief in what we are doing and your determination to make it work, that we are able to close 2020 on such a positive note.</p> " data-module="m-showhide" data-module-load="true" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/VideoObject"> Transcript for video Watch our Group CEO, Amanda Blanc's 2020 full year results video Amanda Blanc, Group CEO Hi everyone. Eight months ago, we embarked on a radical and exciting plan to transform Aviva. I said we would focus the portfolio, transform performance and improve our financial strength. It is a bold strategy and at the time, some said we couldn't do it, that Aviva was too big and complex to 'fix'. I asked them to judge me, to judge us all, on our performance against those ambitions. So, eight months in, how have we done? Focus the portfolio I said we'd focus the portfolio on the businesses where we have the strongest market positions- the UK, Ireland and Canada. We've made great progress on that front. Our businesses in France, Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Vietnam, Turkey and Italy, as we've just announced this morning have moved, or will shortly move, to new ownership. I've always said these are great businesses, but I've also said there may be better homes for them than Aviva. I know we absolutely have found the right partners for all of them. These sales give us the opportunity and the resources to concentrate our efforts on our three core markets where we are very confident we can be the leading player. They have strengthened our financial position and realised significant value for our shareholders. Transform our performance Our second priority is to transform our performance. Again, we're making good early progress here. Despite all the challenges 2020 threw at us, trading has been robust, and we have had some top performances in our key growth areas: - 8% year-on-year growth in commercial lines - A record of £6bn of BPA new business sales - And £8.5bn of savings and retirement net flows Other parts of the business, such as Personal Lines, Individual Protection, and Aviva Investors, performed less well and we need to do better. We know where the issues are, and we are addressing them. We're on track to deliver £300m cost savings by the end of 2022, with £180m achieved so far. And all of this contributed to £2.5bn of operating profit and £1.4bn of cash remitted to the group from our core markets. Our performance is improving, and while we've got a long way to go yet, the early indications are good. Financial strength Finally, our third priority is improving our financial strength. We continue to benefit from a robust balance sheet, and a healthy capital surplus and cover ratio. Addressing our debt leverage is a key part of restructuring the group so I'm delighted to say that, thanks to the sale of our non-core assets, we will reduce our debt by £1.7bn during the first half of 2021. We're also announcing a Full Year 2020 dividend of 21p per share, with a final dividend of 14p per share. This is in line with our stated intent to deliver a sustainable, ordinary dividend for our shareholders. So far, so good. It's clear we are doing what we said we would. But let me be very clear- there is a long way to go until we fully unlock the true potential of Aviva for our customers, our shareholders and our people. This is just the start. Ultimately everything we do is centred around the needs of our customers. Aviva is the only insurer in the UK that can serve all our customers' needs, at every stage of their lives. That's a unique ability and we need to make much better use of that than we have in the past. We are determined to help more customers and satisfy more of their needs. But we can only do this if we stick to the plan and execute it brilliantly and consistently. We can only do this if we remain focused on what our current and future customers want. Which is: fair prices, a trusted brand that delivers on its promises, excellent service and ease of access to a company that acts in a sustainable and responsible way. It's actually pretty simple. So, we're going to press on with simplifying, automating and digitising what we do to ensure that we can meet those expectations. There are material opportunities to build upon our success and deliver growth: Commercial and Personal Lines, Savings & Retirement, Workplace Pension, Bulk Purchase Annuities. We will allocate our capital and target our attention towards these opportunities. We're going to keep working on bringing this business together, creating a culture that sees people rather than policies and recognises that behind every interaction and every spreadsheet there is a real life with real needs. We'll soon be relaunching our brand to ensure that not only does it better reflect what all of Aviva does but that it has genuine meaning and value to the lives of our current and future customers. And, as we announced this week, we're going to raise our ambition on sustainability, aiming to be a carbon net zero business by 2040. That is a huge challenge, probably the most difficult thing we have ever taken on at Aviva. But as with everything we are trying to do here, it has to be bold, it has to be stretching because to be number one, to be the leader in our markets, sometimes we have to take a deep breath and just go for it. These are exciting times to be part of Aviva - we are doing important things that will have lasting consequences. I know that, at times, this may be daunting, yet the only way to have the kind of business we all want is to challenge ourselves constantly to find a better, more efficient or exciting way of doing things. You know I have big ambitions for Aviva. There is still a long way to go, but much to get excited about in the months and years to come. So, I would like to finish by thanking everyone at Aviva, for everything you have done. It is only because of you, your belief in what we are doing and your determination to make it work, that we are able to close 2020 on such a positive note. Search Search site Search Login or register MyAviva Site navigation About us Our purpose and priorities How we're with you today, for a better tomorrow. Our purpose and priorities overview Our purpose and values How we're organised Our locations Helping the UK Get Ready Our customers and people Discover our history and the people that matter to us today. Our customers and people overview Diversity, equity and inclusion Our customers Our people Our heritage Our Board and Executives Learn about our leaders and their responsibilities. Our Board and Executives overview Our Board Our Group Executive Committee Our Board Committees Roles and responsibilities FAQs about Aviva Straight answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about Aviva. Go to FAQs Explore About us Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Investors Strategy and performance Information for investors. Strategy and performance overview Investment case and strategy Results, presentations and reports Regulatory announcements Financial calendar Acquisition of Direct Line Insurance Group plc Annual Report page Institutional investors Information and contacts for institutional investors. Institutional investors overview Credit ratings and debt Shareholder profile Equity analysts Investor contacts Shareholder services Information for our shareholders. Shareholder services overview Dividends Manage your shares Shareholder updates Shareholder meetings Shareholder contacts Corporate governance Access regulatory and governance information. Corporate governance overview Governance structure Governance practices Articles of association Regulatory returns Subsidiary accounts Risk governance and management Discover our risk governance, processes and framework. Risk governance and management overview Risk governance Risk management processes Risk framework Explore Investors Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Newsroom News and research Explore our news and research, opinions and podcasts. News and research overview Features and insight Media contacts About Aviva Latest results Resources Access resources for journalists and Aviva followers. Resources overview Photography and social media Search news releases Subscribe to news alerts About Aviva Stats, facts and more information about our businesses. Go to About Aviva Explore Newsroom Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Careers Careers at Aviva Find a job with us and why you’ll want to. Careers at Aviva overview Job search Flexible benefits Learning and development Act with us for a better tomorrow Life at Aviva What it’s like to work here. Life at Aviva overview Smart and flexible working Volunteering Speak up Diversity and inclusion We believe everyone at Aviva should be able to be themselves. Go to diversity and inclusion page Explore Careers Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Sustainability Sustainability at Aviva Sustainability is fundamental to our strategy and culture. Sustainability at Aviva overview Aviva’s sustainability ambition Taking climate action Taking social action Acting as a sustainable business Sustainability news Latest news from us, our partners and local investments. Sustainability news overview Sustainability news Taking action with partners Taking place-based action Sustainability resources Discover our commitment to acting as a sustainable business. Sustainability resources overview Sustainability resources and reporting hub Download our Transition Plan PDF Download our Modern Slavery Statement PDF Sustainability contacts Aviva Foundation Strengthening our commitment to building stronger communities. Discover more Explore Sustainability Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Get support UK customer contacts Make a claim (UK only) Footer Useful information FAQs about Aviva Straight answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about us. Products in our locations View savings and insurance products and get a quote. Use MyAviva Easily manage your policies. How to make a complaint Contact our UK customer services team. On this site About us Investors Newsroom Careers Sustainability Media Media contacts Multimedia resources Aviva Brand site Image library Subscribe to news alerts Corporate Corporate contacts Investor and shareholder contacts Sustainability contacts Innovation at Aviva Other links Aviva Investors Aviva Foundation in the UK UK Customer Data Charter Aviva suppliers * Share price delayed by 15 mins. Data from Investis Glossary Social Aviva plc's Twitter feed Aviva plc's Instagram feed Aviva plc's YouTube channel Aviva plc's LinkedIn feed Legal Privacy policy Shareholder privacy policy Moderation guidelines Modern Slavery Statement Site map Accessibility Legal Cookie policy Manage cookies Copyright © 2026 Aviva