Trade and other payables are recognized initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Loans and borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

22 Loans and borrowings The Group’s debt finance consists mainly of the following financial instruments: 2024 (in thousands of €) Interest rate (base) Interest rate (margin) Expiration Notional amount Carrying amount EUR term loan 3.20% 1.90% 2029 600,000 592,664 Revolving Credit Facility N/A 1 1.65% 2029 0 0 Bond 2023 5.75% N/A 2028 400,000 395,083 Bond 2024 4.75% N/A 2029 600,000 595,663 Schuldschein 2,64% (variable) & 4.74% (fixed) 2.55% 2027 & 2029 30,000 29,949 Other bank loans 1,00% - 14,56% N/A 2026 23,698 23,698 Accrued interest 24,032 24,032 1,677,730 1,661,091 Non-current borrowings and loans 1,630,555 1,613,916 Current borrowings and loans 47,175 47,175 1,677,730 1,661,091 Base rate dependent on drawing cycle. 2023 (in thousands of €) Interest rate (base) Interest rate (margin) Expiration Notional amount Carrying amount First lien € 4.07% 1.90% 2026 900,000 896,911 First lien GBP 5.26% 2.15% 2026 148,196 147,623 Revolving Credit Facility N/A 1 1.65% 2028 0 0 Bond 2023 5.75% N/A 2028 400,000 392,478 Schuldschein 2.64%-3.92% (variable & fixed) 1.9%-2.5% 2025-2029 108,500 108,439 Other bank loans 0,50% - 17,62% N/A 2026 59,215 59,215 Accrued interest 26,528 26,528 1,642,439 1,631,194 Non-current borrowings and loans 1,561,879 1,550,634 Current borrowings and loans 80,560 80,560 1,642,439 1,631,194 Base rate dependent on drawing cycle. 22.1 Changes in loans and borrowings 22.1.1 Loans and borrowings (in thousands of €) 2024 2023 As of January 1 1,631,195 1,303,717 Cash flows from loans and borrowings 42,293 252,274 Transaction costs paid -13,072 -8,117 Changes arising from business combinations 2,054 62,497 Capitalized transactions cost amortized 7,745 3,113 Changes in interest accruals -2,496 14,904 Currency translation differences -6,628 2,806 As of the end of the period 1,661,091 1,631,195 In September 2024, the Group concluded a €600 million Term Loan Facility (maturing in 2029) and additionally issued a new bond totaling to €600 million (due in 2029), to refinance its existing EUR and GBP Term Loans (maturing in 2026) as well as the portion of the outstanding Schuldschein loans due in 2025. At the same time, the Group has refinanced and increased its Revolving Credit Facility to maturity in 2029 (with 2 one-year extension possibilities) and €500 million, respectively. Related to these refinancing transactions, a total of €13.1 million transaction costs were capitalized in 2024 and are amortized over the lending period of the underlying instruments. The remaining capitalized transaction costs paid in relation to the refinanced EUR and GBP Term Loans were amortized in 2024. In December 2024, a portion of €78.5 million of the outstanding Schuldschein loan due in 2027 was repaid as well. Loan facilities As at December 31, 2024, the Group holds bank borrowings at variable interest rates from a lender's syndicate in the form of a Term Loan Facility of €600 million (2023: €900 million and GBP 128.8 million) and a Revolving Credit Facility of €500 million (2023: €350 million). The Revolving Credit Facility is fully undrawn as of December 31, 2024 (2023: facility of €350 million fully unused). The variable interest rates are based on EURIBOR (capped at a floor of 0%), and a margin based on the Group's total net leverage. The margin is capped at 2.40% for the € Term Loan Facility (1.90% until March 26, 2025), and 2.15% (1.65% until March 26, 2025) for the Revolving Credit Facility. At the latest in September 2025, the Group may incorporate an adjustment to the margin linked to its new Impact 2030 sustainability targets. In addition to the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility, the Group also holds different Schuldschein agreements, of which €30.0 million was used as of December 31, 2024 (2023: €108.5 million). The Schuldschein is a semi-private bond type of financing, with maturity dates of the outstanding tranches in 2027 and 2029. Interest charges are partly fixed at 4.74% and partly variable (6m Euribor plus margin 2.55%). The Schuldschein agreements can be repaid in advance under certain conditions. Bonds In March 2023, Azelis Group issued a €400 million bond at a fixed interest rate of 5.75%, which is due in 2028. In September 2024, the Company issued a €600 million bond at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%, which is due in 2029.

Azelis is well positioned to face challenges across the globe, on the basis of its diversified specialty chemicals portfolio, but also based on its asset-light business model. Azelis' cost base, other than payroll and some other predominantly fixed costs, is mostly variable. Azelis has multiple cost levers that can be activated to mitigate the impact of downturns, which enables it to react rapidly to slumps or economic crises and furthers the Group's resilience. Due to its global footprint, Azelis is sensitive to economic and geopolitical uncertainty. The Group monitors closely the political events in Russia and Ukraine, Israel, Palestina and neighboring countries and supports its employees throughout the affected regions with a focus on employee safety.

2.16 Consolidated statements of cash flows The consolidated statement of cash flows is prepared using the indirect method. Cash is defined as cash and cash equivalents, less bank overdrafts. Cash flows are presented separately in the statement of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities.

2.14 Segment reporting An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s other components. The segmentation used by the Group is based on geography, organization and management structure, and commercial interdependencies. Segment results that are reported to the CEO include items directly attributable to a segment, as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly head office expenses and income tax assets and liabilities, and are presented in a separate reporting unit ‘Group holding & other’. The reporting segments used are defined as follows: EMEA: all operating companies in Europe, Middle East and Africa Americas: all operating companies in the United States of America, Canada, Mexico and South America (mainly Colombia and Brazil) Asia Pacific: all operating companies in Asia, South-East Asia and the Pacific region Group holding & other: all non-operating companies, including the corporate service center and headquarters in Belgium

6 Operating segments The Group’s reportable segments are based on the regions in which it operates: EMEA, Americas, and Asia Pacific. This reflects how the Group is structured, providing its specialty chemicals distribution services in all these regions. Operating expenses of non-operating companies are reported in the Group Holding segment. Adjusted EBITA of Group Holding represents costs related to corporate activities and central support services, mainly at the Group’s service center and headquarters in Belgium

Posthofbrug 12 box 6, 2600 Antwerp, Belgium

distribution of specialty chemical products used in the Life Sciences (Personal Care, Home Care & Industrial Cleaning, Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Food & Nutrition, Animal Nutrition, and Agricultural & Environmental Solutions, and Flavors & Fragrances) and Industrial Chemicals industry (CASE, Advanced Materials & Additives, Lubricants & Metalworking Fluids, Electronics, Essentials and Fine Chemicals, and Textiles, Leather & Paper).

2 Summary of material accounting policies The consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2024, were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 4, 2025, and will be submitted for approval to the Shareholders' Meeting to be held on May 8, 2025.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union (IFRS). The Group has consistently applied the accounting policies as set out below to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. Changes to the accounting policies in the current year are limited to the changes in IFRS below and are applied starting on January 1, 2024.

2.2 Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and all entities controlled by the Company as at December 31, 2024. All intra-Group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation. 2.2.1 Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Company is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Company controls an investee if, and only if, the Company has: Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights to direct relevant activities) Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement in the investee The ability to use its power to affect the investee’s returns Generally, there is a presumption that having a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this presumption and when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee.

2.2.2 Non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity therein. The interests of non-controlling shareholders may be initially measured at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. A choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. For its current non-controlling interests in subsidiaries, the Group has opted to measure at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. After acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction between shareholders.

2.2.3 Business combinations Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred for each acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values on the date of exchange of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Where applicable, the consideration for the acquisition includes any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, measured at its acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent changes in such fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition where they qualify as measurement period adjustments. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition on the balance sheet are recognized at their fair value on the acquisition date, except for deferred tax assets or liabilities, and liabilities and assets related to employee benefit arrangements. The difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the identified assets, liabilities and contingent consideration is recorded as goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the aggregate consideration transferred, this purchase bargain is included in the profit or loss, after the Group has re-assessed whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed. Acquisition-related costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

2.2.4 Associates Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee. Associates are accounted for under the equity method and are recognized initially at cost as adjusted for post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of the net assets of the associate. The Group’s investment includes goodwill on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the income and expense and the equity movements of the investments accounted within equity, after aligning the accounting policies to those of the Group, from the day significant influence commences until the day significant influence ceases. When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to zero, and no further losses are recognized except for losses arising from the Group’s obligation or payments on behalf of the investee.

2.3.1 Functional and presentation currency The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, which is the Group’s presentation currency. The Group companies determine their functional currency based on the primary economic environment in which they operate. The main indicators to determine the functional currency is the currency of the sales, expenses and financing activities.

2.3.2 Transactions and balances The Group operates in different currency environments, but mainly in EUR and USD. Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Group entities at exchange rates on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency on the reporting date are translated to the functional currency of the entity at the exchange rate that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency of the entity at the exchange rate on the date that the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. Foreign currency differences arising from this operational translation are recognized in the income statement.

2.3.3 Foreign operations The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from acquisition, are translated to euros at exchange rates on the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to euros at average exchange rates. Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity. These differences have been recognized in the translation reserve. When the Group loses control over a foreign operation, the accumulated foreign translation amount of the subsidiary is transferred from equity to the profit or loss. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item to be received from or paid to a foreign operation for which the settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future are included in the value of net investment in a foreign operation and recognized directly in equity in the translation reserve.

2.3.4 Hyperinflation Non-monetary assets and liabilities, equity and the income statement of subsidiaries operating in hyperinflationary economies are restated for changes in the general purchasing power of the local currency applying a general price index. These re-measured amounts are used for conversion into the Group reporting currency at the period closing exchange rate. As a result, the balance sheet and net results of subsidiaries operating in hyperinflation economies are stated in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, multinational companies that have subsidiaries with the hyperinflationary currency as their functional currency are not required to restate comparative amounts as those were presented previously in a stable currency. Since 2022, the Group has applied hyperinflation accounting for its subsidiaries having their functional currency in Turkish lira. The relevant price index used for the restatement of the financial statements of Azelis' Turkish subsidiaries is the consumer price index (CPI) based on data of the Turkish Statistical Institute. The consumer price index and the exchange rate between euros and the Turkish lira have changed in 2023 and 2024 as follows: Year (31st December) Turkey CPI Change (%) EUR/TRL exchange rate 2023 18.59 64.77% 32.69 2024 26.85 44.38% 36.74

2.4 Impairment of non-financial assets The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-current non-financial assets are reviewed on each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the Group performs an impairment test. For goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, an impairment test is performed every year. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future pre-tax cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the 'cash-generating unit'). The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to (groups of) cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Corporate assets are assets that do not generate cash inflows independently, and their carrying amounts need to be allocated to the cash-generating units on a reasonable and consistent basis. If a corporate asset cannot be allocated to cash-generating units on a reasonable and consistent basis, the Group performs the goodwill impairment test in two stages: first on the level of the cash-generating units, and secondly on the level of the smallest group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the income statement. Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill will not be reversed afterwards. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed on each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.

2.5 Intangible assets Goodwill Goodwill is initially measured at cost, the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognized for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost, less any accumulated impairment losses. In the event of disposal of a cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal. Research and development

Other intangible assets with finite useful lives are measured at cost, less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization is recognized in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, other than goodwill, from the date when the asset is ready for use. The estimated useful lives of intangible assets and their residual value (if applicable) are reviewed every year.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative period are as follows:

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Components of property, plant and equipment with separate useful lives are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

2.6.2 Leased assets Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

2.7 Financial instruments 2.7.1 Classification, recognition and initial measurement Financial assets and liabilities are classified into three categories: measured at amortized cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL).

The Group recognizes financial instruments when it enters into a contract. Financial instruments are derecognized when the contractual rights to the cash flows of the asset expire, or the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset are transferred in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. With regard to its trade receivables, the Group engages in non-recourse factoring programs. Receivables are derecognized when the factor pays the Group, which also triggers a fee to be paid for the credit risk assumed by the factor. Factoring fees are recognized in the Group's financial expenses.

Initially, financial instruments are recognized at their fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial instruments are recognized on the initial measurement date, except for financial instruments measured at FVTPL. Transaction costs related to FVTPL financial instruments are recorded in the profit or loss at initial recognition.

Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional, unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognized at fair value. The Group holds trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Other receivables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost.

Put options on non-controlling interests

2.7.2 Impairment of financial assets The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all financial assets that are not held at FVTPL. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk; if so, the loss allowance is measured as the lifetime expected credit loss. If not, the allowance is measured as the 12-month expected credit loss. For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires lifetime expected losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables (see note 4.1 for further details). While cash and cash equivalents and other loan receivables are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, no impairment loss was identified as these assets are considered as low-credit risk. Individually significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis. The remaining financial assets are assessed collectively in groups that share similar credit risk characteristics. Impairment losses of financial assets are recognized in the income statement. An impairment loss is reversed if the reversal can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognized.

2.7.3 Netting Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

2.7.4 Cash & cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.

2.8 Income tax Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Income tax expense is recognized in the income statement unless it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognized in other comprehensive income. Current tax is the expected tax payable (receivable) on the taxable income (loss) for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Deferred income tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

2.9 Inventories The Group applies the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method to represent inventory movements. Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories comprises direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Net realizable value i

---

lsgesetzbuch - HBG).

Consolidated income statement Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income Consolidated statement of financial position Consolidated statement of cash flows Consolidated statement of changes in equity General notes to the consolidated financial statements Notes to the consolidated income statement Notes to the consolidated statement of financial position Other notes to the consolidated financial statements Statutory financial statements Alternative performance measures Annex Turnover KPI CapEx KPI OpEx KPI Glossary of terms Financial calendar & contact Disclaimer Integrated Report 2024 Azelis at a glance Letter from our leadership It is with great pride that we reflect on 2024 as a year of resilience and strategic progress for Azelis. In a challenging environment marked by volatility, prolonged normalization, geopolitical tensions including two wars affecting our largest region, and general uncertainty, Azelis once again demonstrated the strength of its business model and its ability to adapt and thrive. These challenges underscore the value of our robust strategy and dedicated teams, as we successfully navigated volatility and positioned ourselves for sustained growth in the years ahead. Foreword 2024 was a pivotal year for Azelis, marked by a seamless leadership transition. Our internal succession planning ensured stability and continuity, backed by stakeholder trust. This approach allowed the new leadership to build on a strong foundation and rapidly deploy proven strategies on a global scale. We are pleased to report that 2024 marked a return to organic revenue growth in the second half of the year, reversing part of the decline in the first half of the year. Total revenue for the full year was EUR 4.2bn, broadly stable compared to the prior year. We achieved adjusted EBITA of EUR 471m, and conversion margin of 45.7%. Furthermore, we generated EUR 342m of free cash flow, reflecting the robust and nature of our business model, even during challenging conditions. These financial results highlight Azelis’ resilience and its ability to navigate volatility while continuing to lay the groundwork for future growth. Building on our achievements in the last decade, we refreshed our strategy to incorporate the opportunities and challenges arising from both and emerging industry trends, as well as Azelis’ evolution in recent years. Our updated strategy marks our commitment to be the industry reference in our focus end markets—setting the standard for innovation, sustainability, and digitalization—and an active consolidator , actively pursuing consolidation opportunities with customers, principals, and through M&A. Last but not least, we are focused on executing our strategy as one agile Azelis, blending our global strength with a local footprint and entrepreneurial spirit. In 2024, we made significant strides in executing our strategy. During the year, our teams won a total of five industry awards for their innovative solutions, bringing total accolades to 36 since 2015. This supports our reputation as an industry reference for delivering value to customers and principals alike through innovation. In digital, we remain focused on capitalizing on our investments and monetizing our platforms while enhancing customer experiences and operational efficiency, as reflected in the 60% increase in active users across our portals. Sustainability remains a cornerstone of our vision. In 2024, we advanced our commitment by signing the Targets initiative (SBTi) commitment letter and the Antwerp Declaration, and developed our new Impact 2030 sustainability program. These initiatives underscore our pledge to lead responsibly, shaping a future defined by environmental stewardship and societal impact. During the year, we continued to execute on our growth strategy by expanding our lateral value chain. We completed eight acquisitions that either reinforce or complement our existing footprint in our focus end markets. We took further steps to optimize our balance sheet through a successful refinancing of our debt. This ensures that Azelis has the financial flexibility to respond swiftly to emerging opportunities while remaining disciplined in our approach to capital deployment. We also reinforced our corporate governance in 2024. Kåre Schultz succeeded Antonio Trius as Chair of the Board, bringing a wealth of leadership experience to Azelis. Additionally, Melanie joined the Board as an independent director, succeeding Alexandra Brand. Their fresh perspectives further enrich the oversight and strategic alignment that underpin our governance framework. As we look back on 2024, we take pride in the progress we have made and the resilience demonstrated by our teams in a challenging period. The leadership transition brought stability and confidence, empowering our teams to execute with focus and agility. With a clear strategy, financial discipline, and a steadfast commitment to our values, Azelis is to seize opportunities as the market recovers and itself. We are excited about the future as we advance towards our objective to be the reference innovation service provider in our industry, and create value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued trust and support. Together, we are building a future of growth, excellence and leadership. Together, we move Forever Forward . Warm regards, Anna Bertona Chief Executive Officer Kåre Schultz Chair of the Board Key figures Graphs Financial Financial Revenue € 4,214m Adjusted EBITA € 471m Free cash flow € 342m Dividend per share €0.23 1 Refer to the dividend policy included in the Corporate governance statement Social Social & Governance Employees 4,321 Women in Azelis 54.5% Women in senior management 32.6% Employees trained in ethical and fair business practices 99.7% Environment & products and innovation Environment & Sustainable procurement Scope 1 & 2 emissions (in tCO 2 e, ) 13,121t Scope 3 emissions (in tCO 2 e) 5,405,164t % of revenue covered with suppliers 83.6% Morningstar ESG risk rating 11.7, low risk Our global presence Highlights of 2024 Highlights of 2024 History Driving innovation How we create value Meg

---

the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, and which is characterised by a consolidated statement of financial position total of EUR 5.762.880 thousand and a profit for the year of EUR 189.468 thousand. In our opinion, the consolidated accounts give a true and fair view of the Group’s net equity and consolidated financial position as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with the legal and regulatory requirements applicable in Belgium. Basis for unqualified opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as applicable in Belgium. Furthermore, we have applied the International Standards on Auditing as approved by the IAASB which are applicable to the and which are not yet approved at the national level. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “ Statutory auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated accounts” section of our report. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated accounts in Belgium, including the requirements related to independence. We have obtained from the Board of Directors and Company officials the explanations and information necessary for performing our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated accounts of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated accounts as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Impairment test of Goodwill and Distribution Rights Refer to notes 2.4, 2.5 and 15 in the Group financial statements Azelis grows its business organically and through acquisitions. The Group has recorded on its balance sheet as at December 31, 2024 goodwill of EUR 2.537 million and intangible assets for an amount EUR 1.392 million, of which EUR 1.039 million is related to distribution rights and EUR 317 million is related to the Azelis brand name. In 2024, goodwill and intangible assets increased with EUR 170 million, mainly due to several acquisitions which were made in the course of 2024.Goodwill is allocated to the three Cash Generating Units (‘CGU’) identified by the Group as described in note 15.1. The Group is required to perform an annual impairment assessment on goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. The definite lived intangible assets are reviewed for any impairment triggers at each reporting period on an individual basis. The carrying value of these assets are contingent on future cash flows and there is a risk that the assets will be impaired if these cash flows do not meet the Group’s expectations. The impairment reviews performed by the Group contain a number of significant judgments and estimates, including the Weighted Average Cost of Capital, terminal growth rate and Adjusted EBITA margin.This is an area of focus for our audit due to the significant value of these assets on the balance sheet and the inherent judgement by the Directors and management about the future results of the business in assessing these assets for impairment. Our audit procedures included the following: We assessed the appropriateness of the CGU’s identified in view of management structure and internal reporting to Chief Operating Decision Maker. We reconciled goodwill and intangible assets balances to the consolidated financial statements, and reconciled the goodwill of each new acquisition made throughout the period to the related purchase price allocation. We verified that these were allocated to the correct CGU. We obtained the Group’s impairment analysis and assessed the adequacy of the valuation methodology. We checked the mathematical accuracy of management’s model and supporting calculations. We reconciled input data to supporting evidence, such as the business plan being approved by the Board of Directors, and considered the reasonableness of these budgets by comparing them to prior year’s assumptions. We performed a sensitivity analysis and identified the most significant management estimates as being the Weighted Average Cost of Capital, terminal growth rate and Adjusted EBITA margin. As part of our sensitivity analysis, we performed our independent calculations to quantify the downside to management’s models required to result in impairment. We considered the reasonableness of management’s key assumptions based on (i) the current and past performance of each unit (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit and (iv) analysis of sensitivities in the Company’s discounted cash flow model. We involved our own valuation experts to support our procedures. We obtained management’s review for impairment triggers of the distribution rights. We considered the appropriateness and sufficiency of related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Based on the evidence obtained from our audit, we consider the valuation method and the underlying assumptions to be an appropriate basis for the impairment testing of goodwill and of distribution rights. Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Accounting for business combinations Refer to note 7 in the Group financial statements The Group has entered into various Share Purchase A

---

s 24 700,567 799,470 Total current liabilities 818,874 939,752 Total liabilities 2,842,734 2,895,650 Total equity and liabilities 5,762,880 5,572,228 Consolidated statement of cash flows (in thousands of €) Note 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit / loss (-) for the period 189,468 189,312 Adjustments for: Depreciation, amortization and impairment expenses 15 / 16 114,922 101,099 Net financial expense 13 129,837 139,765 Cost of payment 1,278 1,373 Income tax income / expense 14 66,640 57,926 Share of result of associates 17 - 19 - 100 Change in inventories 18 - 98,108 123,604 Change in trade and other receivables and other investments 19 , 22 - 55,167 79,347 Change in trade and other payables 24 22,713 - 77,762 Change in provisions 23 - 2,337 3,011 Cash flow from operating activities 369,227 617,575 Interest received 14,824 10,689 Income tax paid - 61,112 - 103,166 Net cash flow from operating activities 322,939 525,098 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 15 / 16 - 13,877 - 15,485 Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 7 - 241,453 - 584,570 Net cash flow from investing activities - 255,330 - 600,055 Cash flows from financing activities Payments of lease obligation 22.1.2 - 38,073 - 28,704 Acquisition of interests 21 - 53,397 - Dividend payment to shareholders of the group 21 - 53,311 - 67,772 Purchase of treasury shares 21 - 2,507 - 3,408 Capital increase - 200,000 Expenses related to capital increase - - 2,234 Interest paid - 122,410 - 99,337 Proceeds from loans and borrowings 22 1,281,601 768,147 Repayments of loans and borrowings 22 - 1,237,254 - 453,376 Transaction costs related to loans and borrowings 22 - 13,037 - 8,074 Other cash flows from financing activities - 8,606 - 320 Net cash flow from financing activities - 246,994 304,922 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents - 179,385 229,965 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held - 2,404 - 1,125 Cash and cash equivalents minus Bank overdraft at beginning of the period 20 466,588 237,748 Cash and cash equivalents minus Bank overdraft at December 31 20 284,799 466,588 The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Consolidated statement of changes in equity (in thousands of €) Share capital Other reserves Reserves available for distribution Translation reserve Retained earnings Unappropriated result Total equity holders of the parent interests Total equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 5,680,000 - 4,099,463 392,988 5,245 192,570 213,193 2,384,532 55,145 2,439,677 Appropriation of result prior year 213,193 - 213,193 - - Capital increase 200,000 200,000 200,000 Capitalized transaction expenses - 2,234 - 2,234 - 2,234 Written put options on interests - 50,754 - 50,754 - 50,754 payment 1,373 1,373 1,373 Treasury shares - 3,408 - 3,408 - 3,408 Dividend attributed to shareholders of the group - 67,777 - 67,777 - 67,777 Adjustments hyperinflation 53,609 53,609 53,609 Net profit / loss (-) for the period 177,704 177,704 11,608 189,312 Other comprehensive income - 185 - 99,319 - 99,504 - 3,669 - 103,173 Other movements - 3,542 - 3,542 23,495 19,953 Balance as of December 31, 2023 5,880,000 - 4,158,213 325,211 - 94,074 459,372 177,704 2,589,999 86,579 2,676,578 Appropriation of result prior year 177,704 - 177,704 - - Written put options on interests - 2,003 - 2,003 - 2,003 payment 1,278 1,278 1,278 Treasury shares - 2,507 - 2,507 - 2,507 Dividend attributed to shareholders of the group - 53,311 - 53,311 - 53,311 Adjustments hyperinflation 58,557 58,557 58,557 Net profit / loss (-) for the period 180,693 180,693 8,775 189,468 Other comprehensive income 306 57,172 57,478 - 489 56,989 Other movements 45,955 45,955 - 50,857 - 4,901 Balance as of December 31, 2024 5,880,000 - 4,115,185 271,900 - 36,902 695,633 180,693 2,876,138 44,008 2,920,146 The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. General notes to the consolidated financial statements 1 General Azelis Group NV (the 'Company') is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Brussels (ticker: AZE) and part of the BEL20 and BEL ® ESG Index. The Company has its registered office and principal place of business at Posthofbrug 12 box 6, 2600 Antwerp, Belgium . Azelis Group NV is registered in Belgium under number 0769.555.240. The Company acts as the parent company of the Azelis Group, a global group based in Belgium primarily involved in the distribution of specialty chemical products used in the Life Sciences (Personal Care, Home Care & Industrial Cleaning, Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Food & Nutrition, Animal Nutrition, and Agricultural & Environmental Solutions, and Flavors & Fragrances) and Industrial Chemicals industry (CASE, Advanced Materials & Additives, Lubricants & Metalworking Fluids, Electronics, Essentials and Fine Chemicals, and Textiles, Leather & Paper). The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the period January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 cover the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the 'Group' or as 'Azelis', being the trade name of the group) and the Group’s interest in associates. Azelis is well positioned to face challenges across the globe, on the basis of its diversified specialty chemicals portfolio, but also based on its business model. Azelis' cost base, other than payroll and some other predominantly fixed costs, is mostly variable. Azelis has multiple cost levers that can be activated to mitigate the impact of downturns, which enables it to react rapidly to slumps or economic crises and furthers the Group's resilience. Due to its global footprint, Azelis is sensitive to economic and geopolitical uncertainty. The Group monitors closely the political events in Russia and Ukraine, Israel, Palestina and neighboring countries and supports its employees throughout the affected regions with a focus on employee safety. 2 Summary of material accounting policies The consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2024, were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 4, 2025, and will be submitted for approval to

---

e business combination. The cash outflow for acquisition of interest due to call/put option settlement is included in the financing activities of the consolidated statement of cash flows. Financial liabilities under supplier finance arrangements The Group classifies financial liabilities that arise from supplier finance arrangements within loans and borrowings and bank overdrafts in the statement of financial position if they have a similar nature and function to bank loans and bank overdrafts. This is the case if the supplier finance arrangement is part of the financing used in the Group’s normal operating cycle, the level of security provided is similar to bank loans and the terms of the liabilities of the supplier finance arrangement are extended compared to trade payables that are not part of the arrangement. Cash flows related to liabilities arising from supplier finance arrangements that are classified in loans and borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position are included in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 2.7.2 Impairment of financial assets The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all financial assets that are not held at FVTPL. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk; if so, the loss allowance is measured as the lifetime expected credit loss. If not, the allowance is measured as the 12-month expected credit loss. For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires lifetime expected losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables (see note 4.1 for further details). While cash and cash equivalents and other loan receivables are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, no impairment loss was identified as these assets are considered as risk. Individually significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis. The remaining financial assets are assessed collectively in groups that share similar credit risk characteristics. Impairment losses of financial assets are recognized in the income statement. An impairment loss is reversed if the reversal can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognized. 2.7.3 Netting Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 2.7.4 Cash & cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows. 2.8 Income tax Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Income tax expense is recognized in the income statement unless it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognized in other comprehensive income. Current tax is the expected tax payable (receivable) on the taxable income (loss) for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Deferred income tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. 2.9 Inventories The Group applies the , (FIFO) method to represent inventory movements. Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories comprises direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. Impairments of inventories to net realizable value are recognized in the profit or loss as part of ‘cost for goods and consumables’. If the value of impaired inventories increases, the impairment will be reversed to the lowest of the increased net realizable value and the original cost. 2.10 Equity 2.10.1 Ordinary shares Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares and share options are recognized in equity net of tax. 2.10.2 Share premium The share premium consists of additional capital exceeding the par value of outstanding shares. 2.10.3 Treasury shares Treasury share purchases are recognized as a deduction from equity (section other reserves). No gain or loss is recognized on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of treasury

---

that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to them and that the grants will be received. 2.16 Consolidated statements of cash flows The consolidated statement of cash flows is prepared using the indirect method. Cash is defined as cash and cash equivalents, less bank overdrafts. Cash flows are presented separately in the statement of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. 2.17 Determination of fair values A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for both financial and assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When applicable, further information about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability. Property, plant and equipment The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on market values. The market value of property is the estimated amount for which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion. Intangible assets The fair value of trademarks and distribution rights acquired in business combinations are measured using the income approach (relief from royalty and excess earning method, respectively). The fair value of other intangible assets is mainly based on the cost approach. Inventories The fair value of inventories is determined based on their estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and sale. Investments in equity and debt securities The fair value of financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI financial assets is determined by reference to their quoted bid price on the reporting date. If no market prices are available, the instruments are measured using the present value of the expected future cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest on the measurement date. Trade and other receivables The fair value of trade and other receivables is determined as the present value of future cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest on the measurement date. Derivatives The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on their listed market price, if available. If a listed market price is not available, then fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract, using a interest rate increased by an appropriate additional spread related to the credit risk of the Group and the risk of the counterparty. financial liabilities Fair value is calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at measurement date, including the Group’s credit risk. The fair value of contingent consideration qualifying as earnout, recognized in relation to business combinations, is calculated based on a forecast of the underlying performance measure (generally EBIT(D)A) and is discounted at the market rate of interest on the measurement date. The fair value of contingent consideration constituting a mere fixed deferred payment is determined as the present value of future cash flows and discounted at the market rate of interest on the measurement date. The redemption value of put options on interests, recognized in relation to business combinations, is calculated based on specific contractual specifications, consisting mostly of a combination of a multiple on a future performance measure and the balance of certain net working capital items upon exercise of the option. Fair value hierarchy Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2: valuation techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly Level 3: valuation techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are not based on observable market data 3 Significant estimates and judgments In the process of applying accounting policies and preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group has made certain judgments (other than those involving estimates) that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. In addition, the Group is required to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the measurement and presentation of reported figures. Estimates are based on past experience and on additional knowledge obtained on transactions to be reported, and are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates. The most critical accounting judgments and estimates related to uncertainties with significant risk of causing material adjustment and applied in the consolidated financial statements are described below: Use of judgments Intangible assets The Group has judged that the Azelis trademark has an indefinite useful life. As a consequence, the trademark is not amortized. On each reporting date, the Group reviews this judgment and assesses whether the circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life. The trademark is part of the yearly impairment test. (See note 15 ). Deferred taxes In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers the extent to which it is probable that the deferred tax asset will be realized (note 14 ). The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable profit during the periods in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry forw

---

ansfer, the Group will no longer be to offset any of the transferred payables against credit notes received from the supplier. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, management considers that the finance provider settles the invoices as a payment agent on behalf of the entity. The payments made by the finance provider are therefore presented as operating cash outflows and financing cash inflows in equal but opposite amounts at the point when the finance provider pays the supplier. When the Group subsequently pays the amount outstanding to the finance provider, this is presented as a financing cash outflow. Use of estimates Business combinations In a business combination, the acquired assets and liabilities are measured at fair value. The Group uses assumptions and information to prepare fair value of the assessed, where no observable information is available. The actual market performance can subsequently differ from the assumptions. The most important assumptions are disclosed in the note for business combinations. (See note 7 ). Goodwill & intangible assets - Impairment assessment The Group tests whether goodwill has suffered any impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount of a unit (CGU) is determined based on calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period, incorporating estimates for sales growth and margin growth. Cash flows beyond the period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates. These growth rates are consistent with forecasts included in industry reports specific to the industry in which each CGU operates. (See note 15.2 ). 4 Financial risk management Azelis is exposed to several financial and other risks, including: Credit risks Liquidity risks Market risks Operational risks Azelis has a risk management framework in place to mitigate those risks. The Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. 4.1 Credit risk Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers. As of December 31, the main credit risk can be summarized as follows: (in thousands of €) 2024 2023 Trade and other receivables 589,031 521,896 Cash and cash equivalents 303,945 484,874 Other financial assets 1,992 7,809 894,969 1,014,578 4.1.1 Trade and other receivables The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach (refer to note 2.7.2 ). The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demographics of the Group’s customer base, including the default risk of the industry and country in which customers operate, have less of an influence on credit risk. The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group has a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for creditworthiness before the Group’s standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Group’s review includes external ratings, when available, and in some cases bank references. Purchase limits are established for each customer. Customers that fail to meet the Group’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the Group only on a prepayment basis. The Group’s credit policy includes suspension of further deliveries if customers fail to pay their debts on time. Moreover, the Group engages in factoring for the majority of its revenue in the EMEA region, which is used as an efficiency program in its credit collection processes. No other credit insurance programs are deemed to be necessary. A significant portion of the Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group companies for many years and losses have occurred infrequently. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade and other receivables. The Group establishes an allowance for impairment that represents its estimate of expected losses in respect of trade receivables. The main components of this allowance are a specific loss component that relates to individually significant exposures and a collective loss component established for groups of similar assets in respect of losses that have been incurred but not yet identified. The collective loss allowance is determined based on historical data of payment statistics for similar financial assets, adjusted for information through an assessment of both the current and projected direction of economic conditions at the reporting date. At , the aging of the trade receivables after the deduction of the factoring received is constituted as follows: 2024 (in thousands of €) Gross % of total Impairment % Impaired Not due 384,209 73.0% 1,256 0.3% Between 0 and 2 months 94,618 18.0% 2,421 2.6% Between 2 and 12 months 35,411 6.7% 14,221 40.2% More than 12 months 11,999 2.3% 11,960 99.7% 526,237 100.0% 29,858 5.7% 2023 (in thousands of €) Gross % of total Impairment % Impaired Not due 340,390 71.8% 2,483 0.7% Between 0 and 2 months 93,354 19.7% 5,636 6.0% Between 2 and 12 months 31,000 6.5% 12,068 38.9% More than 12 months 9,507 2.0% 9,200 96.8% 474,250 100.0% 29,387 6.2% The loss allowances for trade receivables on December 31 reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows: (in thousands of €) 2024 2023 Balance at 1 January 29,387 38,912 Business combination 2,176 3,203 Provisions made in the year 11,912 5,168 Decrease on impairment losses -13,566 -16,881 Exchange rate differences -51 -1,015 Balance at December 31 29,858 29,387 4.1.2 Cash The Group’s exposure to credit risk is insignificant as the Group deals with highly rated banks for its cash deposits. 4.1.3 Guarantees The Group’s policy is to provide financial guarantees only in favor of wholly owned subsidiaries. On the balance sheet date, no other material guarantees were outstanding. 4.2 Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be abl

---

dments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification of Liabilities as Current or and liabilities with covenants Amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures - Supplier Finance Arrangements Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases - Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback Their adoption has not had any material impact on the amounts reported in these financial statements. The adoption of the amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 resulted in increased disclosures for liabilities under supplier financing arrangements as well as the associated cash flows in the consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2024. New and amended standards not yet adopted by the Group Certain new standards and amendments have been published but are not mandatory for reporting periods ended December 31, 2024, and have not yet been adopted by the Group. These standards and amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group in future reporting periods, except for the adoption of IFRS 18. IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027) will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, introducing new requirements that will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant information and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular those related to the statement of financial performance and providing performance measures within the financial statements. Management is currently assessing the implications of applying the new standard on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) This Integrated Report is required to be published in the European Single Electronic Format, as determined by and according to the requirements set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 of December 17, 2018, supplementing Directive 2004/109/EC. The PDF version of the Integrated Report is not and has been solely prepared for ease of use of readers. The Group's official reporting package in ESEF can be found on the Group's website . Climate change With its application and formulating labs, the Company is well positioned to support its customers with many new formulations that are necessitated as a result of changing conditions. Azelis is helping its customers and its principals to respond to , and to achieve their sustainability goals by, for example, promoting sustainable products and product development, encouraging sustainable formulation creation in its labs, and assessing its principals and implementing corporate social responsibility due diligence procedures when selecting and onboarding principals. Over the recent years, the Company has rapidly increased its percentage of revenue covered with ESG assessed suppliers. Alongside sustainability, innovation and digitalization form the pillars of Azelis’ strategy for creating value: investments in innovation centers, application and formulating labs, e-Labs, principal portals and customer portals are helping to accelerate the supply of sustainable products. As a specialty chemicals distributor, the Company has an business model, outsourcing to the extent possible aspects such as logistics and warehouse operations. Next to outsourcing, it has a focus on leasing warehouses and offices and, as such, has a limited number of owned properties. Having limited impact capacity, the Company does undertake initiatives to reduce its climate impact where possible: reduction of carbon emissions (eg. electrification of company car fleet and warehouse fleet), reduction of energy consumption (eg. installation of solar panels, switching to LED light bulbs), reduction of water consumption, reduction of waste, etc. As from December 2023, the Company has been included in Euronext’s BEL ® ESG Index as one of the 20 listed companies in Belgium that demonstrate the best ESG practices. This recognizes Azelis’ commitment to a sustainable future and is a testament to its leadership in sustainability. The BEL ® ESG Index identifies and tracks the 20 companies in Belgium that demonstrate the lowest environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks. It also serves investors as a reference to better identify those companies that focus on a more sustainable future by combining economic results with sustainability goals. Also, Morningstar Sustainalytics – a global leader in ESG research and data - grants Azelis the top industry ESG ranking. In addition to the above, and supported by its business model, Azelis’ revenue mix is very diversified across its end markets and geographies, across the number of principals and customers, and across its products. Therefore, there is limited concentration risk, also regarding any related climate risks. In 2024 the Company has finalized its physical climate risk assessment, concluding that the potential business consequence of this risk is limited as sufficient mitigation measures are in place. Refer to section E1 climate change in the sustainability statements for further detail on the Company's climate risk assessment. In preparation of its consolidated financial statements, the Company has considered the impact of climate change mainly for the following areas where climate change generally is expected to have the largest impact: Significant judgments, major sources of estimation uncertainty & accounting policies (refer to note 3 ): Climate change does not substantially impact the significant judgments made by the Company, nor its major sources of estimation uncertainty, specifically taking into account the Company’s business model and its diversified revenue mix across markets, geographies, products, principals and customers. Impairment of assets: In assessing the recoverable amounts to assess both the impairment of assets such as property, plant and equipment, assets, intangible a

---

n thousands of €) 2024 2023 Bank balances and cash on hand 303,945 484,874 Bank overdrafts (-) -19,146 -18,286 Cash and cash equivalents (net) in the cash flow statement 284,799 466,588 Interest rates payable for bank overdrafts used have a variable interest rate based on Euribor plus a margin.

21 Capital and reserves Per Belgian regulations and the Company's Articles of Association, Azelis Group NV must allocate to legal reserve a minimum of 5% of the standalone net profit, until such reserve reaches 10% of the share capital. As of December 31, 2024, the legal reserve (as included in other reserves) amounts to €488.2 thousand (2023: €26.0 thousand). 21.1 Earnings per share The basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows: 2024 2023 Net group profit/loss (-) attributable to shareholders (in thousands of €) 180,693 177,704 Average number of shares (in thousand shares) 243,536 239,856 Basic earnings per share 0.74 0.74 Dilution adjusted average number of shares (in thousand shares) 243,779 240,102 Diluted earnings per share 0.74 0.74 The average number of shares are calculated as: (in thousands) 2024 2023 Ordinary shares issued (entitled to dividend) 243,922 233,846 Weighted effect of treasury shares -386 -246 Weighted effect of new ordinary shares issued 0 6,256 Average number of shares for basic EPS 243,536 239,856 Weighted effect of share-based payment 243 247 Average number of shares for diluted EPS 243,779 240,102

21.2 Share capital On May 19, 2023, Azelis increased its share capital by (rounded) €200 million, following the issuance of 10,075,566 new shares, at a price of €19.85 per share and with the same rights as the existing shares of the Company. After this capital increase, the capital of the Company amounted to €5,879,999,963.10, represented by 243,921,719 equal shares. There were no changes in the share capital during 2024.

In 2024, the Group purchased 130,000 treasury shares on Euronext Brussels for a total amount of €2.5 million to fund its long-term incentive plan (2023: 150,000 treasury shares for a total amount of €3.4 million).

21.6 Reserves available for distribution Reserves available for distribution is part of the Reserves in the consolidated statement of financial position. In September 2021, and in connection with Azelis' IPO, the Group reduced its share capital by €400 million against reserves available for distribution, in order to create funds for distribution to the shareholders. No capital contributions were repaid to the shareholders in the context of this capital reduction. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on June 13, 2024, the shareholders approved the payment of a total dividend amount of €53.3 million regarding the 2023 financial year, i.e. a gross dividend of (rounded) € 0.22 per share outstanding at the moment of the dividend payout. The total amount of €53.3 million was paid to the shareholders in 2024. On March 4, 2025, a dividend of € 54.9 million, implying € 0.23 dividend per share 1 , was proposed by the Board of Directors. The dividend will be paid out to the shareholders upon approval by the Shareholders' Meeting on May 8, 2025. Based on 2024 net profit attributable to equity shareholders of €180.7 million and 243.9 million shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024.

21.7 Non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests reflect the share of equity ownership in the Group's subsidiaries that is not owned by the Group, even though those subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group's consolidated financial statements. Ashapura Aromas (India), Vogler Ingredients (Brazil) and Azelis South Africa (South Africa) are the main contributors for the non-controlling interests. Refer also to note 26.4 . In 2024, the Group acquired the full non-controlling interests in Catalite (Thailand), MKVN Chemicals (Vietnam), Viet Chemicals Trading (Vietnam), Asia Primera Kimika (Philippines), Phil-Asiatic Supply & Services (Philippines) and part of the non-controlling interest in Vogler Ingredients (Brazil) by settling the related put option redemption liabilities.

22.2 Supplier finance liabilities The carrying amount of loans and borrowings and bank overdrafts concluded under supplier finance arrangements are €26.2 million as of December 31, 2024 (as of December 31, 2023: €35.3 million), of which suppliers fully received the payment from the financial institution. The non-cash flows of trade payables substituted by loans and borrowings under the Group's supplier finance arrangements during 2024 amount to €70.7 million (2023: €156.3 million). The extended period provided under supplier financing arrangements increased from 31-60 days to 90-180 days in average.

23 Provisions (in thousands of €) Tax Claims Other provisions Total As of January 1 2023 2,997 5,144 8,141 Business combination 626 280 906 Provisions made 648 506 1,154 Provisions used -73 -1,055 -1,128 Provisions released -588 -1,394 -1,982 Translation differences -208 -55 -263 As of December 31, 2023 3,402 3,426 6,828 Non-current 2,226 932 3,158 Current 1,176 2,494 3,670 Total provisions 3,402 3,426 6,828 As of January 1 2024 3,402 3,426 6,828 Business combination 799 - 799 Provisions made during the period 237 1,011 1,248 Provisions used during the period -548 -959 -1,507 Provisions released during the period -1,311 -799 -2,110 Translation differences -216 -40 -256 As of December 31, 2024 2,363 2,639 5,002 Non-current 1,640 877 2,517 Current 723 1,764 2,487 Total provisions 2,363 2,641 5,004 The provisions relate to tax risks, administrative fines, labor, and commercial matters including claims and litigations, concerning the past and current activities of the Group companies.

24 Trade and other payables and other non-current liabilities (in thousands of €) 2024 2023 Trade payables 486,804 434,085 Other taxes 12,199 13,032 Employee and social security payables 69,191 71,409 Derivatives 112 3,921 Other payables 132,261 277,023 Total current payables 700,567 799,470 Other payables 33,166 69,816 Other non-current liabilities 33,166 69,816 The other current and non-current payables mainly consist of put options over no