NOTE F11 Depreciation, amortization and impairments The table below presents the amounts of the total depreciation, amortization and impairment losses (reversals) of continuing operations included in the various headings of the Consolidated Statements of Income. In € million 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold 267 269 Administrative costs 35 37 Research and development costs 9 12 Other operating gains and (losses) 6 10 Of Which PPA (see Note F4) 4 7 Total depreciation and amortization 317 328 Goodwill Impairment 0 38 Other net Impairment 45 57 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment losses (reversal) 362 423 Please refer to Note F5 Results from portfolio management and major restructurings, legacy remediation and major litigations for the details on impairment. NOTE F12 Other non-operating and non-cash items In 2024, €(48) million mainly relate to the transition service agreement invoicing, as well as non-cash capital gains and other results for M&A deals. The other non-operating and non-cash items for 2023 of €(1,481) million mainly comprise the result linked to the Partial Demerger €(1,651) million (see Note F8 for the details), reduced by recycling of CTA of RusVinyl €176 million. NOTE F13 Income taxes in the statement of cash flows Income tax expense in 2024 amounts to €87 million (€450 million in 2023). Income tax paid in 2024 amounts to €109 million (€434 million in 2023). The income tax paid has decreased compared to previous years due to the partial demerger in December 2023. The major components of Income taxes are discussed in note F7 income taxes in income statement and statement of financial position. NOTE F14 Changes in working capital In € million 2024 2023 Inventories 18 215 Trade receivables 3 122 Trade payables 17 -495 Other receivables/payables -37 79 Changes in working capital 1 -78 Of which discontinued operations 0 -55 The higher numbers in 2023 result mainly from the process of the Partial Demerger.

NOTE F1 Revenue and segment information f Accounting policy IFRS 15 establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers: • Identify the contract, • Identify the performance obligations, • Determine the transaction price, • Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and • Recognize revenue when or as the Group satisfies a performance obligation. Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognized at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. Sale of goods: Contracts can be short term (including based only on a purchase order) or long term, some have minimum off-take requirements. Contracts that contain take-or-pay provisions obligate customers to pay shortfall payments if the required volumes, as defined in the contracts, are not purchased. Shortfall payments are recognized as revenues when the likelihood of the customer purchasing the minimum volume becomes remote subject to renegotiation of the contract and collectability. As the Group is in the business of selling essential chemicals, and performance chemicals, contracts with customers generally concern the sale of goods. As a result, revenue recognition generally occurs at a point in time when control of the chemicals is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Distinct elements: a good or service that is promised to a customer is distinct if both of the following criteria are met: (a) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e. The good or service is capable of being distinct); and (b) the Group’s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e. The promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract). The revenue of the Group consists mainly of sales of chemicals, which qualify as separate performance obligations. Value-added services – mainly customer assistance services – corresponding to Solvay’s know-how are rendered predominantly over the period that the corresponding goods are sold to the customer. Variable consideration: some contracts with customers provide trade discounts or volume rebates. Trade discounts and volume rebates give rise to variable consideration under IFRS 15 and are required to be estimated at contract inception and subsequently at each reporting date. IFRS 15 requires the estimated variable consideration to be constrained to prevent overstatement of revenue. Moment of recognition of revenue: revenue is recognized when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service (i.e. an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. Substantially all revenue stems from performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, i.e. The sale of goods. Revenue recognition for those takes into account the following: • The Group has a present right to payment for the asset; • The customer has legal title to the asset; • The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset; • The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset (in this respect, incoterms are considered); and • The customer has accepted the asset. Products sold to customers generally cannot be returned, other than for performance deficiencies. Customer acceptance clauses are in many cases a formality that would not affect the Group’s determination of when the customer has obtained control of the goods. Revenue from services is recognized in the period those services have been rendered. The Group sells its products to its customers, (a) directly, (b) through distributors, and (c) with the assistance of agents. When the Group delivers a product to distributors for sale to end customers, the Group evaluates whether that distributor has obtained control of the product at that point in time. No revenue is recognized upon delivery of a product to a customer or distributor if the delivered product is held on consignment. Indicators of consignment inventory include: • The product is controlled by the Group until a specified event occurs, such as the sale of the product to a customer of the distributor or until a specified period expires; • The Group is able to require the return of the product or transfer the product to a third party (such as another distributor); and • The distributor does not have an unconditional obligation to pay for the product (although they might be required to pay a deposit). • Agents facilitate sales and do not purchase and resell the goods to the end customer. Warranties: warranties provide a customer with assurance that the related product will function as the parties intended because it complies with agreed-upon specifications. Substantially all warranties do not provide the customer with a service in addition to the assurance that the product complies with agreed-upon specifications and are hence accounted for in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. Licensing: In case of performance obligations relating to licensing intellectual property (IP), the Group assesses if it grants a right to access the IP as it exists throughout the license period or a right to use the IP as it exists at the point in time at which the license is granted. If the performance obligation is to grant a right to access, then the related revenue is recognized over the license period; otherwise, it is recognized at a point in time, i.e. when the license period starts or when the customer starts using the IP. The Group assesses if the license provided can be considered as being distinct in the context of the contract. If not, the license will have to be bundled with other goods or services provided in the contract. Currently the Group grants a right to use IP, which means that revenue recognition occurs at a point in time. An Operating Segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity’s chief operating decision maker and for which discrete financial information is available.

NOTE F37 Related parties Balances and transactions between Solvay SA/NV and (a) its subsidiaries and (b) its joint operations for the Group’s share of the respective joint operations, which are related parties of Solvay SA/NV, have been eliminated in consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below. Sale and purchase transactions In € million Sale of goods Purchase of goods 2024 2023 2024 2023 Associates 6 12 -54 -35 Joint ventures 2 8 0 -3 Other related parties 11 23 -18 -45 Total 19 43 -72 -82 In € million Amounts owed by related parties Amounts owed to related parties December 31 2024 2023 2024 2023 Associates 0 0 7 9 Joint ventures 0 0 0 0 Other related parties 48 14 5 4 Total 48 14 12 13 Loans to related parties In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans to associates 1 1 Loans to other related parties 18 18 Total 19 19 Loans from other related parties -3 -3 Compensation of key management personnel Key management personnel are composed of all members of the Board of Directors and members of the Executive Leadership Team. Amounts due in respect of the year (compensation) and liabilities existing at the end of the year in the consolidated statement of financial position: In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Wages, charges and short-term benefits 2 6 Long-term benefits 0 0 Cash-settled share-based payments liability 0 1 Total 2 7 In 2024, there are no cash-settled share-based payments liability anymore, as all plans are equity-settled in 2024, see note F29 – share-based payments.

7.1. Consolidated financial statements Corporate information Solvay SA/NV (the “Company” or “Solvay”) is a public limited liability company governed by Belgian law and listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris. The principal activities of the Company, its subsidiaries, joint operations, joint ventures and associates (jointly the “Group”) are described in note F1 Revenue and Segment Information. The Solvay Group operates in 44 production sites, 6 research centers, and over 41 countries, employs approximately 9,000 employees and delivered net sales of €4.5 billion in 2024. Solvay SA/NV is the Solvay Group’s ultimate parent with its registered office located at Rue Ransbeek 310, B-1120 Brussels, Belgium. On March 5, 2025, the Board of Directors authorized the consolidated financial statements for issuance.

Liability management New bond issue in 2024 On March 26, 2024, Solvay completed the placement of a 4-year €750 million bond maturing on April 3, 2028, and a 7.5-year €750 million bond maturing on October 3, 2031, with the coupons of 3.875% and 4.250% respectively – this represented an important milestone after the Partial Demerger effectuated in December 2023. The bonds were settled on April 3, 2024, and their trading began on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on the same day. Apart from the general corporate purposes, the proceeds from the bonds’ issue, were used for the refinancing of the €1.5 billion bridge facility set up at the end of 2023 in relation to the Partial Demerger. The interest rate of the issued bonds had been hedged in 2023 with two flexi-swap instruments. At the time of the bonds’ placement, these instruments were unwound and replaced by two new instruments classified as financial debt (€ 33 million in non-current and € 4 million in current), payable in instalments that match bonds' coupon payment dates. The conversion had no net cash-flow effect as the unwinding of the flexi-swap (€ -37 million) was compensated with an equivalent amount received from the bank related to the two new instruments. The cash flow hedge reserve accumulated in OCI and related to the unwound flexi-swap has been frozen and is being recycled to profit or loss over the duration of the two bonds (€ 5.0 million recognized in borrowing costs in 2024). As at December 31, 2024, the remaining cash-flow hedge reserve accumulated in OCI linked to the flexi-swap is €-32 million. Please refer to Note F32 Financial Instruments for further details. 2023 - Effect of the Partial Demerger Prior to the Partial Demerger, Solvay undertook various liability management exercises in respect of certain of its outstanding debt securities. The purpose of the liability management exercises was to repurchase or redeem certain debt securities, and to transfer liability for the remaining relevant debt securities or related guarantees to the Syensqo Group upon the Partial Demerger becoming effective. The liability management exercises were also intended to amend certain contractual provisions in certain of the debt securities to facilitate the implementation of the Partial Demerger. On September 4 and 5, 2023, Solvay announced the results of liability management transactions relating to certain senior and hybrid bonds denominated in euros. The transactions included the following: h a request for consent of bondholders to the substitution, effective upon completion of the Partial Demerger, of Syensqo SA/NV for Solvay SA/NV as issuer of (i) the €500,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Perp-NC5.5 Bonds with first call date on December 2, 2025 (ISIN: BE6324000858) (the “2025 Hybrid Bonds”), and (ii) the €500,000,000 2.750% Fixed Rate Bonds due December 2, 2027 (ISIN: BE6282460615) (the “2027 Bonds”). h a tender offer relating to the €500,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Bonds with first optional redemption date of June 3, 2024 (ISIN: XS1323897725) (the “2024 Hybrid Bonds”) issued by Solvay Finance S.A. and irrevocably guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Solvay (the “Tender Offer”). Please refer to Note F33 Net Indebtedness for further details. Provisions Salindres On September 24, 2024, Solvay announced a project to consult with its social partners to cease the production of TFA and its fluorinated derivatives at its Salindres site in France. The plan to cease production is due to the continued negative financial performance of the Salindres plant over the past few years, driven by unfavorable market conditions that are unlikely to improve in the future. The social consultation ended on December 19, 2024. The discontinuation of these activities will result in the suppression of 65 positions. As result of the announcement, the net book value of the site's assets of €9 million were impaired in Q3, 2024. Solvay recognized a provision of €51 million including severance costs, dismantling, demolition, exit costs, and for environmental provisions. Beyond the provision considered for remediation of the known pollution in the Salindres subsoil, some areas of the site will require further analyses to determine if additional remediation is needed. This uncertainty was reflected accordingly as a contingent liability. Please see also Note F36 Contingent Liabilities. Transition Services Agreement (TSA) exit In 2023, Solvay SA/NV and Syensqo SA/NV entered into a transition services agreement (the “TSA”), effective from the completion of the Partial Demerger for a non-renewable term of 24 months, whereby the Solvay Group and the Syensqo Group will, to the extent that certain business functions and corporate functions have not been separated prior to the completion of the Partial Demerger, each provide to the other (or the other’s respective subsidiaries) various services and support on an interim transitional basis. In particular, given that the Syensqo Group will not have certain internal corporate functions fully in place upon completion of the Partial Demerger (such as finance, legal, tax, human resources, payroll, information technology and other support services), the Solvay Group will provide support with such matters under the terms of the TSA. From the completion of the Partial Demerger and going forward, the fees payable by the Syensqo Group to the Solvay Group have been determined internally using a limited mark-up, in line with the Solvay Group’s practice for internal servicing and have not been the subject of independent bids. In 2024, Solvay launched the process to exit from the TSA and redesign of Solvay’s Global Business Services (GBS) and Digital Technology (DT) organization which is an important initial step in designing the future new Solvay Target Operating Model (TOM). At the end of TSA, which is expected for Q4 2025, employees who will not be part of the future Solvay organization and will not move to Syensqo will be impacted by the restructuring plan. In 2024 a restructuring provision currently estimated at €28 million was recognized and may be reduced should Solvay employees transfer to Syensqo in accordance with the terms of the TSA. According to the TSA, Solvay will be compensated by Syensqo for restructuring costs currently estimated at €22 million (€19 million in Other Receivables, and €3 million in Loans and Other Assets). Dombasle Energie Other operating gains and losses in the consolidated income statement (see also Note F4 Other Operating Gains and Losses), include a €29 million expense related to the increase of the provision in 2024 (coming on top of €49 million in 2023, of which €6 million was used in 2024) related to an onerous contract for an energy transition project in Dombasle, France. This provision (€72 million in total as of December 31, 2024) reflects the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end of December 2024, which relate to delays and overruns (mostly attributed to external factors, including record high inflation and supply disruptions). This situation is unique within the different energy transition projects already completed or in progress within the Group and has to do with the particular contractual engagement of this project. The project is expected to be completed in H2 2025. Group portfolio management Shandong Huatai Interox Chemical Co., Ltd. In March 2024, the Group increased its ownership in its equity accounted investment in Shandong Huatai Interox Chemical Co. by 10% from 50% to 60%, for €4 million. The transaction resulted in Solvay obtaining control over the legal entity. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination achieved in stages and resulted in a €10 million gain on derecognizing the equity investment and recognizing €18 million of goodwill and €3 million of intangible assets based on the fair value of the entity upon consolidation. The Group finalized the purchase price allocation in December 2024 and recognized no material change between the provisional asset carrying amounts and fair values. Option to sell the Neder-Over-Heembeek site On September 16, 2024, Solvay entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement with Revive a specialist in urban regeneration, regarding the NOH site in Brussels. The developer will be able to exercise the option and finalize the transfer of ownership following the due diligence process which is planned to end in 2025. Due to the ongoing due diligence, IFRS 5 condition of 'asset being available for sale in the present condition' is not met. Consequently, Solvay has not yet classified the NOH site as an asset held-for-sale. The asset’s carrying amount is in line with the fair value less cost to sell.

Basis of preparation This information was prepared in accordance with European Regulation (EC) 1606/2002 on the application of international accounting standards dated July 19, 2002. The Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, were prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and endorsed by the European Union. The accounting standards applied in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, are consistent with those used to prepare the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Group has not early adopted any other standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but is not yet effective. The Group has prepared the financial statements on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going concern.

Standards, interpretations and amendments applicable for the first time in 2024 The standards, interpretations and amendments that became effective for the financial statement beginning on January 1, 2024 or later, and which are relevant to the Group are presented below. An assessment was made that these amendments had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in millions of euros, which is also the functional currency of the parent company. Rounding differences may occur in respect of individual amounts or percentages. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the application of accounting policies and the measurement of amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The areas for which the estimates and assumptions are material with respect to the consolidated financial statements are presented in the section Key sources of estimation uncertainty.

Principles of consolidation Consolidation scope The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company, and: h entities controlled by the Company (including through its subsidiaries) and that hence qualify as subsidiaries; h arrangements over which the Company (including through its subsidiaries) exercises joint control, and that qualify as joint operations; h arrangements over which the Company (including through its subsidiaries) exercises joint control, and that qualify as joint ventures; h entities over which the Company (including through its subsidiaries) has significant influence and that hence qualify as associates. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of the investees so as to align their accounting policies with those of the Group. In accordance with the principle of materiality, certain companies, which are not of a significant size, have not been included in the consolidation scope. Companies are deemed not to be significant when, during two consecutive years, they do not exceed any of the three following thresholds in terms of their contribution to the Group’s accounts: h sales of €18 million; h total assets of €11 million; h headcount of 100 persons. Companies that do not meet these criteria are, nevertheless, consolidated where the Group believes that they have a potential for rapid development, or where they hold shares in other companies that are consolidated based on the above criteria. In the aggregate, the non-consolidated companies have an immaterial impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. In 2024, the above thresholds were updated to reflect the new size of the group following the Partial Demerger. There was no change in the consolidation scope resulting from the change in thresholds. The full list of companies can be obtained at the Company’s head office. Investments in subsidiaries A subsidiary is an entity over which the Group has control. Control is achieved when the Group has (a) power over an investee, (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and (c) the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s returns. To assess whether the Group has control, potential voting rights are taken into account. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated. The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated income statement from the effective date of acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal. Intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation. Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity. Non-controlling interests are initially measured, either at fair value (full goodwill method), or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets (proportionate goodwill method). The choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent to the acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. Changes in the Group’s equity interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity. When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest, and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for (i.e. Reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to retained earnings) in the same manner as would be required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of. The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is considered to be the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting in accordance with IFRS 9 or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture in accordance with IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.

A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. In its consolidated financial statements, the Group recognizes its contractual share of the joint operations’ assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, which is generally aligned with the ownership interest in the joint operations.

Investments in associates and joint ventures An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary, nor an interest in a joint arrangement. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. The results, assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in the consol

---

tinguished operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Group. In the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of cash flows, and disclosures, discontinued operations are restated for prior periods presented. In accordance with IFRIC 17 Distribution of Non-cash Assets to Owners, and IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements – chapter on loss of control – Solvay measures the profit on distribution in the form of demerger as the excess amount of the fair value of the distributed net assets over the then-carrying value of the net assets of the distributed businesses, adjusted for the related NCI. The recognition of the fair value of the distributed net assets may require the use of valuation techniques. Solvay uses the observable values as input for such valuation techniques. Solvay applies IFRS 5 requirements after intercompany elimination.

NOTE F9 Earnings per share f Accounting policy The basic earnings per share are obtained by dividing profit for the year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period. The weighted average number of ordinary shares excludes the treasury shares held by the Group over the reporting period. The diluted earnings per share are obtained by dividing profit for the year, adjusted for the effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares, also adjusted by the number of dilutive potential ordinary shares attached to the issuance of share options. The number of dilutive potential ordinary shares is calculated for the weighted average number of share options outstanding during the reporting period as the difference between the average market price of ordinary shares during the reporting period and the exercise price of the share option. Share options have a dilutive effect only when the average market price is above the exercise price (share options are “in the money”). For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, there were no adjusting elements to the profit for the year (Solvay share). Basic and diluted amounts per share for discontinued operations are presented in the consolidated income statement.

Currency translation differences f Accounting policy For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements at the end of each reporting period, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are expressed in euros using closing rates. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period except when the impact of applying the average rate is materially different from applying the spot rate at the respective transactions’ dates, in which case the latter is applied. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in other comprehensive income as “currency translation differences”. Currency translation differences are reclassified from equity to profit or loss, on: A disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation. In this case, all of the accumulated exchange differences in respect of that operation attributable to the Group are reclassified to profit or loss. Any exchange differences that have previously been attributed to non-controlling interests are derecognized, but they are not reclassified to profit or loss.

f Accounting policy An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance. It is identifiable when it is separable, i.e. Is capable of being separated or divided from the Group, or when it arises from contractual or other legal rights. An intangible asset shall be recognized if, and only if: (a) it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Group; and (b) the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets acquired or developed internally are initially measured at cost. The cost of an acquired intangible asset comprises its purchase price, import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates, and any directly attributable cost of preparing the asset for its intended use. Subsequent expenditure on intangible assets is capitalized only if it is probable that it will increase the future economic benefits associated with the specific asset. Other expenditure is expensed as incurred. After initial recognition, intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses, if any. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which do not exceed the contractual period, if any. The estimated useful lives, residual values and amortization methods are reviewed at each year-end, and any changes in estimates are accounted for prospectively.

Research and development costs Research costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Development costs are capitalized if, and only if, all the following conditions are fulfilled: • the cost of the asset can be reliably measured; • the technical feasibility of the product has been demonstrated; • the product or process will be placed on the market or used internally; • the assets will generate future economic benefits (a potential market exists for the product or, where it is to be used internally, its future utility has been demonstrated); • the technical, financial and other resources required to complete the project are available. Development costs comprise employee expenses, the cost of materials and services directly attributable to the projects, and an appropriate share of directly attributable fixed costs including, and where applicable, borrowing costs. The intangible assets are amortized as from the moment they are available for use, i.e. When they are in the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Development costs, which do not satisfy the above conditions are expensed as incurred.

NOTE F19 Goodwill and business combinations f Accounting policy Goodwill Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognized as an asset at the date that control is obtained (t

---

Corporate information Main events and changes in the consolidation scope Consolidated income statement Consolidated statement of comprehensive income Consolidated statement of cash flows Consolidated cash flows from discontinued operations Consolidated statement of financial position Consolidated statement of changes in equity 7.2 Notes to the consolidated financial statements Basis of preparation Standards, interpretations and amendments applicable for the first time in 2024 Standards, interpretations and amendments applicable for the first time after 2024 Basis of measurement and presentation Principles of consolidation Foreign currencies Climate change considerations Key sources of estimation uncertainty Critical accounting judgments (Underlying) Metrics Index of disclosures Notes to the consolidated income statement Notes to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows Notes to the consolidated statement of financial position Other notes 7.3 Summary financial statements of Solvay SA/NV 7. Financial statements 7.1. Consolidated financial statements Corporate information Solvay SA/NV (the “Company” or “Solvay”) is a public limited liability company governed by Belgian law and listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris. The principal activities of the Company, its subsidiaries, joint operations, joint ventures and associates (jointly the “Group”) are described in note F1 Revenue and Segment Information. The Solvay Group operates in 44 production sites, 6 research centers, and over 41 countries, employs approximately 9,000 employees and delivered net sales of €4.5 billion in 2024. Solvay SA/NV is the Solvay Group’s ultimate parent with its registered office located at Rue Ransbeek 310, B-1120 Brussels, Belgium. On March 5, 2025, the Board of Directors authorized the consolidated financial statements for issuance. Main events and changes in the consolidation scope Liability management New bond issue in 2024 On March 26, 2024, Solvay completed the placement of a 4-year €750 million bond maturing on April 3, 2028, and a 7.5-year €750 million bond maturing on October 3, 2031, with the coupons of 3.875% and 4.250% respectively – this represented an important milestone after the Partial Demerger effectuated in December 2023. The bonds were settled on April 3, 2024, and their trading began on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on the same day. Apart from the general corporate purposes, the proceeds from the bonds’ issue, were used for the refinancing of the €1.5 billion bridge facility set up at the end of 2023 in relation to the Partial Demerger. The interest rate of the issued bonds had been hedged in 2023 with two instruments. At the time of the bonds’ placement, these instruments were unwound and replaced by two new instruments classified as financial debt (€ 33 million in and € 4 million in current), payable in instalments that match bonds' coupon payment dates. The conversion had no net effect as the unwinding of the (€ -37 million) was compensated with an equivalent amount received from the bank related to the two new instruments. The cash flow hedge reserve accumulated in OCI and related to the unwound has been frozen and is being recycled to profit or loss over the duration of the two bonds (€ 5.0 million recognized in borrowing costs in 2024). As at December 31, 2024, the remaining hedge reserve accumulated in OCI linked to the is €-32 million. Please refer to Note F32 Financial Instruments for further details. 2023 - Effect of the Partial Demerger Prior to the Partial Demerger, Solvay undertook various liability management exercises in respect of certain of its outstanding debt securities. The purpose of the liability management exercises was to repurchase or redeem certain debt securities, and to transfer liability for the remaining relevant debt securities or related guarantees to the Syensqo Group upon the Partial Demerger becoming effective. The liability management exercises were also intended to amend certain contractual provisions in certain of the debt securities to facilitate the implementation of the Partial Demerger. On September 4 and 5, 2023, Solvay announced the results of liability management transactions relating to certain senior and hybrid bonds denominated in euros. The transactions included the following: h a request for consent of bondholders to the substitution, effective upon completion of the Partial Demerger, of Syensqo SA/NV for Solvay SA/NV as issuer of (i) the €500,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate .5 Bonds with first call date on December 2, 2025 (ISIN: BE6324000858) (the “2025 Hybrid Bonds”), and (ii) the €500,000,000 2.750% Fixed Rate Bonds due December 2, 2027 (ISIN: BE6282460615) (the “2027 Bonds”). h a tender offer relating to the €500,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Bonds with first optional redemption date of June 3, 2024 (ISIN: XS1323897725) (the “2024 Hybrid Bonds”) issued by Solvay Finance S.A. and irrevocably guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Solvay (the “Tender Offer”). Please refer to Note F33 Net Indebtedness for further details. Provisions Salindres On September 24, 2024, Solvay announced a project to consult with its social partners to cease the production of TFA and its fluorinated derivatives at its Salindres site in France. The plan to cease production is due to the continued negative financial performance of the Salindres plant over the past few years, driven by unfavorable market conditions that are unlikely to improve in the future. The social consultation ended on December 19, 2024. The discontinuation of these activities will result in the suppression of 65 positions. As result of the announcement, the net book value of the site's assets of €9 million were impaired in Q3, 2024. Solvay recognized a provision of €51 million including severance costs, dismantling, demolition, exit costs, and for environmental provisions. Beyond the provision considered for remediation of the known pollution in the Salindres subsoil, some areas of the site will require further analyses to determine if additi

---

inesses have been derecognized from the consolidated statements as a part of the deconsolidation of the Specialty Businesses from the Group; h in the consolidated statement of cash flows, the present both continuing and discontinued operations in the primary statement. For 2023 financial year, the cash flows from discontinued operations are included for the period until December 8, 2023, Below the primary statement, Solvay separately presents the consolidated from discontinued operations. The Separation Agreement Solvay SA/NV and Syensqo SA/NV entered into a Separation Agreement on December 4, 2023, and effective from the completion of the Partial Demerger, to govern certain practical aspects of the separation of the two groups, as well as the allocation of certain liabilities, including environmental liabilities. The Separation Agreement will be effective until the thirtieth anniversary of December 9, 2023, except with respect to claims relating to environmental liabilities, which can be made until twelve months after the relevant statute of limitations expires. The Separation Agreement may not be terminated early without written consent of each party. The Separation Agreement governs certain aspects of the separation of Syensqo from the Solvay Group, including, among other arrangements, those relating to: i. the settlement and termination of certain intercompany balances and arrangements - see note F37 Related parties, note F32 Financial Instruments; ii. the substitution, removal or release of legal entities that are part of the Solvay Group or the Syensqo Group, as applicable, in respect of certain credit or other support obligations, as well as the provision of counter guarantees - see note F32 Financial Instruments and note F36 Contingent liabilities; iii. the allocation of certain fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Partial Demerger - see note F8; iv. the transfer to the other party of any assets (identified within 24 months of the completion of the Partial Demerger) allocated erroneously to the Syensqo Group or the Solvay Group; v. the transfer of all rights and obligations to Syensqo in relation to certain transferred employees’ supplementary pension schemes in Belgium - see note F30 Employee Benefits. The Separation Agreement contains provisions to allocate to the Solvay Group or the Syensqo Group environmental liabilities for certain operating, closed or divested sites, including sites for which provisions have been established in the Solvay Group’s consolidated financial statements, and obligations applicable where a party incurs claims, liabilities or expenses for sites allocated to the other party in the Separation Agreement. Under the provisions, each of the Solvay Group, on the one hand, and the Syensqo Group, on the other hand, have agreed to indemnify the other party for certain environmental liabilities allocated to the other party. The Separation Agreement includes provisions regarding the management of environmental claims, remediation obligations and related actions. The Separation Agreement also provides that claims will be deemed to have been made, automatically, under the provisions for specifically allocated environmental liabilities that are the subject of existing provisions as set forth in the Solvay Group consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended June 30, 2023. For all other environmental liabilities that are subject to the provisions, claims may be submitted for up to 12 months following the expiry of the relevant statute of limitations. The Separation Agreement also contains customary provisions aimed at avoiding double recoveries. See note F31 Provisions for further details on provisions. U.S. Tax Matters Agreement The rules for determining whether a distribution such as the Partial Demerger and the internal separation of the U.S. Specialty Businesses and the U.S. Essential Businesses (the “U.S. ”) qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes are complex and depend on all the relevant facts and circumstances. Solvay intends for the Partial Demerger and the U.S. to each qualify as a reorganization under Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. IRC”). Solvay has received a private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) confirming such qualification (except with respect to certain requirements under Section 355 of the U.S. IRC on which the IRS does not rule). Solvay also received a tax opinion from US tax counsel addressing those matters upon which the IRS would not rule and relying on the IRS’ ruling as to matters covered by the ruling. In connection with the U.S. and the Partial Demerger, Solvay and Syensqo entered into a U.S. Tax Matters Agreement (the “U.S. TMA”) intended to (among other things) preserve the treatment of the Partial Demerger and the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the U.S. TMA, Solvay and Syensqo will generally be required to indemnify the other for any U.S. taxes and certain related losses resulting from (or relating to) the failure of the U.S. and the Partial Demerger (and certain associated transactions) to qualify for their intended U.S. tax treatment, where such taxes or losses are attributable to (1) untrue representations and breaches of covenants made in connection with the U.S. , the Partial Demerger or the U.S. TMA (including in the IRS ruling and tax opinion described above), (2) the application of certain provisions of U.S. federal income tax law to the U.S. or the Partial Demerger (for example, in connection with a change of control of either party) or (3) other actions or omissions within the party’s control which give rise to U.S. taxes (or related losses) in connection with the U.S. and the Partial Demerger. Under the U.S. TMA, Solvay and Syensqo are prohibited from taking actions that are reasonably expected to cause the Partial Demerger or U.S. (or certain associated transactions) to fail to qualify for their intended U.S. tax treatment, or that could jeopardize the conclusions of, or that are inconsistent with, the IRS ruling or the tax opinion disc

---

of related tax effects (F10) 76 - 192 Comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 309 1,913 attributable to: • Solvay share 298 1,902 • interests 11 11 Consolidated statement of cash flows The amounts below include both continuing and discontinued operations. The consolidated from discontinued operations (for 2023 comparatives) are disclosed in the second table below. In € million Notes 2024 2023 Profit/(loss) for the year 233 2,105 Adjustments to profit / (loss) for the year • Depreciation, amortization and impairments (F11) 362 994 • Earnings from associates and joint ventures (F22) - 38 - 71 • Other and items (F12) - 48 - 1,481 • Additions and reversal of employee benefits and other provisions (F15) 250 644 • Net financial charges 111 178 • Income tax expense/income (F13) 87 450 Changes in working capital (F14) 1 - 78 Payments related to employee benefits and use of provisions (F15) - 225 - 304 Use of provisions for additional voluntary contributions (pension plans) (F15) - 30 - 116 Dividends received from associates and joint ventures (F22) 21 25 Income taxes paid (excluding income taxes paid on sale of investments) (F13) - 109 - 434 Cash flow from operating activities 615 1,911 of which cash flow related to portefolio management and excluded from Free Cash Flow - 87 - 270 Acquisition (-) of subsidiaries (F16) 0 - 2 Acquisition (-) of investments - Other (F16) - 13 - 12 Loans to associates and companies 1 - 4 Sale (+) of subsidiaries and investments (F16) 1 - 718 Acquisition (-) of property, plant and equipment (F16) - 272 - 967 of which capital expenditures required by share sale agreement and excluded from Free Cash Flow 0 - 57 Acquisition (-) of intangible assets (F16) - 13 - 97 of which capital expenditures required by share sale agreement and excluded from Free Cash Flow - 2 Sale (+) of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (F16) 11 7 Dividends from equity instruments measured at fair value 1 1 Changes in financial assets 3 0 Cash flow from investing activities - 281 - 1,792 Proceeds from perpetual hybrid bonds issuance (F27) 0 0 Redemption of perpetual hybrid bonds (F27) - 1 - 1,309 Acquisition (-) / sale (+) of treasury shares (F29) - 16 39 Increase in borrowings (F33) 1,683 3,221 Repayment of borrowings (F33) - 1,743 - 1,500 Changes in other financial assets (F33) 58 98 Payment of lease liabilities (F33) - 63 - 112 Net interests paid - 57 - 38 Coupons paid on perpetual hybrid bonds (F27) 0 - 95 Dividends paid - 260 - 424 Acquisition of non controlling interests 0 0 Other (F17) 34 - 337 Cash flow from financing activities - 364 - 455 of which increase/decrease of borrowings related to environmental remediation Net change in cash and cash equivalents - 30 - 335 Currency translation differences - 15 - 13 Opening cash balance 584 932 Closing cash balance (F33) 539 584 Consolidated cash flows from discontinued operations In € million 2024 2023 Cash flow from operating activities 0 1,108 Cash flow from investing activities 0 - 675 Cash flow from financing activities 0 - 64 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 0 368 Consolidated statement of financial position In € million Notes December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Intangible assets (F18) 217 201 Goodwill (F19, F23) 782 764 Property, plant and equipment (F20) 2,150 2,144 assets (F21) 264 267 Equity instruments measured at fair value (F32) 63 88 Investments in associates and joint ventures (F22) 216 230 Other investments 29 33 Deferred tax assets (F7) 301 317 Loans and other assets (F32) 221 266 assets 4,243 4,309 Inventories (F24) 623 642 Trade receivables (F32) 826 840 Income tax receivables 51 66 Other financial instruments (F33) 16 118 Other receivables (F25) 396 462 Cash and cash equivalents (F33) 539 584 Current assets 2,451 2,714 Total assets 6,694 7,022 EQUITY & LIABILITIES Share capital (F27) 237 237 Share premiums 174 174 Other reserves 928 853 interests (F28) 65 42 Total equity 1,404 1,305 Provisions for employee benefits (F30) 674 793 Other provisions (F31) 556 550 Deferred tax liabilities (F7) 136 131 Financial debt (F32) 1,983 1,981 Other liabilities 54 70 liabilities 3,402 3,525 Other provisions (F31) 315 302 Financial debt (F32) 155 211 Trade payables (F32) 810 850 Income tax payables 43 68 Dividends payables 107 175 Other liabilities (F34) 458 585 Current liabilities 1,888 2,192 Total liabilities 5,290 5,717 Total equity and liabilities 6,694 7,022 Consolidated statement of changes in equity In € million Notes Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent interests Total equity Share capital Share premiums Treasury shares Perpetual hybrid bonds Retained earnings Revaluation reserve (fair value) Defined benefit pension plan Total other reserves Currency translation differences Equity instruments measured at FV through OCI Cash flow hedges December 31, 2022 1,588 1,170 - 225 1,786 6,854 - 318 4 76 - 332 7,846 61 10,664 Profit for the year 2,093 2,093 12 2,105 Items of other comprehensive income (F10) 65 0 - 179 - 76 - 191 - 1 - 192 Comprehensive income 0 0 2,093 65 0 - 179 - 76 1,902 11 1,913 Redemption of perpetual hybrid bonds (F27) - 1,292 - 16 - 1,308 - 1,308 Cost of share based payment plans 24 24 24 Effect of share based payment plans modification - 20 - 20 - 20 Dividends - 420 - 420 - 12 - 432 Coupons of perpetual hybrid bonds - 95 - 95 - 95 Acquisition (-) / sale (+) of treasury shares 50 - 11 39 39 Partial Demerger of Syensqo - 1,352 - 995 79 - 494 - 6,729 0 - 4 0 - 51 - 7,199 - 17 - 9,563 Other (*) 81 3 0 0 84 84 December 31, 2023 237 174 - 15 0 1,683 - 253 0 - 103 - 459 853 42 1,305 (*) "Other" relates to the reclassification into equity investments at fair value through profit or loss due to the allocation of one Syensqo share for each Solvay share held by a subsidiary of Solvay SA upon completion of the Partial Demerger (See Note F27 Equity) In € million Notes Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent interests Total equity Share capital Share premiums Treasury shares Perpetual hybrid bonds Retained earnings Revaluation reserve (fair value) Defined benefit pension plan Total other reserves Currency translation differences Equity instruments measured a

---

9 Earnings per share Notes to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income NOTE F10 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows NOTE F11 Depreciation, amortization and impairments NOTE F12 Other and items NOTE F13 Income taxes in the statement of cash flows NOTE F14 Changes in working capital NOTE F15 Additions, reversals and use of provisions NOTE F16 Cash flows from investing activities – acquisition/disposal of assets and investments NOTE F17 Other cash flows from financing activities Notes to the consolidated statement of financial position NOTE F18 Intangible assets NOTE F19 Goodwill and business combinations NOTE F20 Property, plant and equipment NOTE F21 assets and lease obligations NOTE F22 Investments in associates and joint ventures NOTE F23 Impairment NOTE F24 Inventories NOTE F25 Other receivables (current) NOTE F26 Assets held for sale NOTE F27 Equity NOTE F28 interests NOTE F29 payments NOTE F30 Employee Benefits NOTE F31 Provisions NOTE F32 Financial instruments and financial risk management NOTE F33 Net indebtedness NOTE F34 Other liabilities (current) Other notes NOTE F35 Commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment and intangible assets NOTE F36 Contingent liabilities and financial guarantees NOTE F37 Related parties NOTE F38 Dividends proposed for distribution NOTE F39 Events after the reporting period NOTE F40 List of companies included in the consolidation scope NOTE F41 Audit fees Notes to the consolidated income statement Consistent with the presentation in the consolidated income statement, the notes to the consolidated income statement as presented hereafter do not include the consolidated income statement impacts from discontinued operations that are presented on a separate line. The impact of discontinued operations only relates to 2023. Those are disclosed in note F8 Discontinued operations. NOTE F1 Revenue and segment information f Accounting policy IFRS 15 establishes a model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers: • Identify the contract, • Identify the performance obligations, • Determine the transaction price, • Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and • Recognize revenue when or as the Group satisfies a performance obligation. Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognized at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. Sale of goods: Contracts can be short term (including based only on a purchase order) or long term, some have minimum requirements. Contracts that contain provisions obligate customers to pay shortfall payments if the required volumes, as defined in the contracts, are not purchased. Shortfall payments are recognized as revenues when the likelihood of the customer purchasing the minimum volume becomes remote subject to renegotiation of the contract and collectability. As the Group is in the business of selling essential chemicals, and performance chemicals, contracts with customers generally concern the sale of goods. As a result, revenue recognition generally occurs at a point in time when control of the chemicals is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Distinct elements: a good or service that is promised to a customer is distinct if both of the following criteria are met: (a) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e. The good or service is capable of being distinct); and (b) the Group’s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e. The promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract). The revenue of the Group consists mainly of sales of chemicals, which qualify as separate performance obligations. services – mainly customer assistance services – corresponding to Solvay’s are rendered predominantly over the period that the corresponding goods are sold to the customer. Variable consideration: some contracts with customers provide trade discounts or volume rebates. Trade discounts and volume rebates give rise to variable consideration under IFRS 15 and are required to be estimated at contract inception and subsequently at each reporting date. IFRS 15 requires the estimated variable consideration to be constrained to prevent overstatement of revenue. Moment of recognition of revenue: revenue is recognized when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service (i.e. an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. Substantially all revenue stems from performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, i.e. The sale of goods. Revenue recognition for those takes into account the following: • The Group has a present right to payment for the asset; • The customer has legal title to the asset; • The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset; • The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset (in this respect, incoterms are considered); and • The customer has accepted the asset. Products sold to customers generally cannot be returned, other than for performance deficiencies. Customer acceptance clauses are in many cases a formality that would not affect the Group’s determination of when the customer has obtained control of the goods. Revenue from services is recognized in the period those services have been rendered. The Group sells its products to its customers, (a) directly, (b) through distributors, and (c) with the assistance of agents. When the Group delivers a product to distributors for sale to end customers, the Group evaluates whether that distributor has obtained control of the product at that point in time. No revenue is recognized upon delivery of a product to a customer or distributor if the delivered product is held on consignment. Indicators of consignment inventory include: • The product is controlled b

---

tinguished operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Group. In the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of cash flows, and disclosures, discontinued operations are restated for prior periods presented. In accordance with IFRIC 17 Distribution of Assets to Owners, and IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements – chapter on loss of control – Solvay measures the profit on distribution in the form of demerger as the excess amount of the fair value of the distributed net assets over the value of the net assets of the distributed businesses, adjusted for the related NCI. The recognition of the fair value of the distributed net assets may require the use of valuation techniques. Solvay uses the observable values as input for such valuation techniques. Solvay applies IFRS 5 requirements after intercompany elimination. F8.A. Partial Demerger of the Specialty Businesses Partial Demerger On December 8, 2023 at the extraordinary general meeting, Solvay SA/NV’s shareholders approved the partial demerger of the specialty businesses, which effected the separation of the Group into two public groups. Consequently, 2023 consolidated income statement figures reflect the Specialty Businesses as discontinued operations. In the consolidated statement of cash flows, the 2023 cash flows present both continuing and discontinued operations in the primary statement. However, below the primary cash flow statement, the consolidated cash flows from discontinued operations are disclosed. The Partial Demerger impacted the market value of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Solvay SA/NV and the options on these shares. This includes the shares held by Solvay Stock Option Management SRL (SSOM), a wholly owned subsidiary of Solvay, for the purposes of hedging its exposure under LTI plans. For each share of Solvay SA/NV held by SSOM upon completion of the Partial Demerger, SSOM received one newly issued share of Syensqo SA/NV; the newly issued Syensqo shares were classified as investments at fair value through profit or loss and reclassified out of equity. The details on treasury shares and equity investments at fair value through profit or loss are provided in Notes F27 Equity, and F32 Financial Instruments. Profit on discontinued operations The profit from discontinued operations in the consolidated income statement is analyzed as follows (where 2023 means from January 1, 2023, to December 8, 2023): In € million 2023 Sales 6,656 of which revenue from activities 167 of which net sales 6,489 Cost of goods sold -4,357 Gross margin 2,299 Commercial costs -272 Administrative costs -466 Research and development costs -318 Other operating gains and (losses) -132 Earnings from associates and joint ventures 18 Results from portfolio management and major restructuring -53 Results from legacy remediation and major litigations (1) -274 EBIT 802 Cost of borrowings -54 Interest on loans and short term deposits 14 Other gains and (losses) on net indebtedness -22 Cost of discounting provisions -20 Result from equity instruments measured at fair value 3 Profit/(loss) for the year before taxes 723 Income taxes -242 Profit for the year from discontinued operations 481 Gain on Partial Demerger in accordance with IFRIC17 1,651 Profit for the year from discontinued operations 2,132 (1) The Results from legacy remediation and major litigation includes the impact of the settlement of Solvay Specialty Polymers USA, LLC with NJDEP (around USD 250 million) and a compensation received by Solvay Specialty Polymers Italy S.p.A. from (Mont)Edison S.p.A. and Ausimont S.p.A. (€91.6 million). F8.B. Partial Demerger - other related information Gain on Partial Demerger in accordance with IFRIC 17: In € million Fair value of the distribution 9,546 Net assets -7,920 Other adjustments 7 interest associated with the net assets of Specialty Businesses 17 Gain on the Partial Demerger 1,651 The fair value of the distribution was measured by reference to the average of the closing price of the first 30 days of trading activity of Syensqo shares, following the Partial Demerger. This being a fair value measured with observable inputs, was considered to be representative of the fair value of the assets and liabilities effected by the demerger at the distribution date. NOTE F9 Earnings per share f Accounting policy The basic earnings per share are obtained by dividing profit for the year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period. The weighted average number of ordinary shares excludes the treasury shares held by the Group over the reporting period. The diluted earnings per share are obtained by dividing profit for the year, adjusted for the effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares, also adjusted by the number of dilutive potential ordinary shares attached to the issuance of share options. The number of dilutive potential ordinary shares is calculated for the weighted average number of share options outstanding during the reporting period as the difference between the average market price of ordinary shares during the reporting period and the exercise price of the share option. Share options have a dilutive effect only when the average market price is above the exercise price (share options are “in the money”). For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, there were no adjusting elements to the profit for the year (Solvay share). Basic and diluted amounts per share for discontinued operations are presented in the consolidated income statement. Number of shares (in units) 2024 2023 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic) 105,000,897 104,160,774 Dilution effect 1,053,934 1,288,845 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) 106,054,832 105,449,619 2024 2023 Basic Diluted Basic Diluted Profit/(loss) for the year (Solvay share) including discontinued operations (in € thousands) 223,000 223,000 2,092,753 2,092,753 Profit/(loss) for the year (Solvay share) excluding discontinued operations (in € thousands) 223,171 223,171 -37,172 -37,172 Earning

---

lation consists of €(339) million on BRL, €(190) linked to the conversion of Member States’ currencies to Euro, and €303 million on USD. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows NOTE F11 Depreciation, amortization and impairments The table below presents the amounts of the total depreciation, amortization and impairment losses (reversals) of continuing operations included in the various headings of the Consolidated Statements of Income. In € million 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold 267 269 Administrative costs 35 37 Research and development costs 9 12 Other operating gains and (losses) 6 10 Of Which PPA (see Note F4) 4 7 Total depreciation and amortization 317 328 Goodwill Impairment 0 38 Other net Impairment 45 57 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment losses (reversal) 362 423 Please refer to Note F5 Results from portfolio management and major restructurings, legacy remediation and major litigations for the details on impairment. NOTE F12 Other and items In 2024, €(48) million mainly relate to the transition service agreement invoicing, as well as capital gains and other results for M&A deals. The other and items for 2023 of €(1,481) million mainly comprise the result linked to the Partial Demerger €(1,651) million (see Note F8 for the details), reduced by recycling of CTA of RusVinyl €176 million. NOTE F13 Income taxes in the statement of cash flows Income tax expense in 2024 amounts to €87 million (€450 million in 2023). Income tax paid in 2024 amounts to €109 million (€434 million in 2023). The income tax paid has decreased compared to previous years due to the partial demerger in December 2023. The major components of Income taxes are discussed in note F7 income taxes in income statement and statement of financial position. NOTE F14 Changes in working capital In € million 2024 2023 Inventories 18 215 Trade receivables 3 122 Trade payables 17 -495 Other receivables/payables -37 79 Changes in working capital 1 -78 Of which discontinued operations 0 -55 The higher numbers in 2023 result mainly from the process of the Partial Demerger. NOTE F15 Additions, reversals and use of provisions In € million 2024 2023 Additions and reversal of employee benefits and other provisions 250 644 Of which: Employee benefits 15 44 Restructuring 89 104 Environment 86 346 Payments related to employee benefits and use of provisions -225 -304 Of which: Employee benefits -38 -85 Restructuring -73 -92 Environment -66 -72 Use of provisions for additional voluntary contributions (pension plans) -30 -116 See note F30 Employee Benefits and F31 Provisions for more information. NOTE F16 Cash flows from investing activities – acquisition/disposal of assets and investments The in the table below present both continuing and discontinued operations. 2024 - In € million Acquisitions Disposals Total Investments -13 1 -12 Subsidiaries -4 1 -3 Other -9 -9 Property, plant and equipment/Intangible assets -285 11 -274 Total -298 12 -286 2023 - In € million Acquisitions Disposals Total Total investments -12 -718 -730 Subsidiaries 433 433 Cash in Partial Demerger -1,151 -1,151 Other -12 -12 Property, plant and equipment/Intangible assets -1,063 7 -1,057 Total -1,075 -711 -1,786 2024 The acquisitions primarily relate to two following groups: h Energy Transition Projects (€15 million) out of which:: — Soda Ash & Derivatives: RTO (Regenerative Thermal Oxidation) Unit (GHG reduction) in Green River — Silica: New Electric furnace in Collonges to reduce GHG — Silica: New capacity in Livorno for Circular Silicate from RHA (Rice Husk Ash) h Other projects: — Soda Ash & Derivatives: capacity increase in Green River, Wyoming, (US) — Peroxides: New capacity for (pre- Electronic Grade) in China — Special Chem: Rare earths separation for Magnets in La Rochelle 2023 In 2023, the amounts related to investment in subsidiaries related to the sale of RusVinyl. In regard to cash in the Partial Demerger, this is a result of the cash position in the demerged subsidiaries of Syensqo SA/NV. The acquisition includes the following main projects: h Soda Ash & Derivatives: Soda ash capacity increase in Green River (USA) h Soda Ash & Derivatives: Coal in Green River (USA) h Peroxides: Hydrogen Peroxide capacity increase in Antwerp (Belgium) h Silica: New electric furnace in Collonges (France) to reduce CO 2 emissions h Specialty Polymers: Polyvinylidene Fluoride (PVDF) capacity increase in Tavaux (France) h Specialty Polymers: DCDPS monomer capacity increase in Augusta (USA) h Specialty Polymers: Udel polysulfone capacity increase in Marietta (USA) h Specialty Polymers: Compounding capacity increase at Changshu (PRC) h Specialty Polymers: Wastewater treatment units at Tavaux (France) and Changshu (PRC) h Novecare: internalization of IRIS intermediate chemical production in Melle (France) h Aroma performance: internalization of natural vanillin fermentation (Portugal) and purification (France) h Technology Solutions: Aldoxime capacity increase in Mount Pleasant (USA) h O&G: Friction reducers production capacity in West Texas (USA) NOTE F17 Other cash flows from financing activities The €34 millions of other cash flows from financing activities in 2024 (€(337) million in 2023) mainly relate to margin calls on hedging instruments as part of Energy Services’ activities for €38 million (€(317) million in 2023). For trading in futures of different commodities (CO 2 , power, gas), Energy Services uses brokers. These deals are subject to margin calls. To cover the credit risk of the counterparty, brokers pay a margin call to Solvay in case the instrument is in the money for Solvay. If the instrument is out of the money for Solvay, Solvay pays a margin call to the brokers. The margin calls are presented as part of financial debt (see note F33 Net indebtedness). Cash flows from margin calls are recognized as financing cash flows that fluctuate with the fair value of the instrument. The actual settlement of these commodity derivatives is net of margin calls and the gross amount (including margin calls that are reclassified from financing cash flows) is recognized in operating cash flows. Notes to the consolidated statement of financ

---

ments that are classified in Trade and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are included in operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. First application in 2024 This disclosure requirement was introduced by the Amendments Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7), published in May 2023 by the IASB. The amendments are effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In the year of initial application, the requirements only apply to the annual financial report and the disclosure does not need to provide the comparative figures. Qualitative information Terms and conditions The Group has established a supplier finance arrangement that is offered to some of the Group’s key suppliers. Participation in the arrangement is at the suppliers’ own discretion. Suppliers that participate in the supplier finance arrangement will receive early payment on invoices sent to the Group from the Group’s external finance provider. If suppliers choose to receive early payment, they pay a fee to the finance provider, to which the Group is not a party. For the finance provider to pay the invoices, the goods must have been received or supplied and the invoices approved by the Group. Payments to suppliers ahead of the invoice due date are processed by the finance provider and, in all cases, the Group settles the original invoice by paying the finance provider in line with the original invoice maturity date described above. The Group assesses each arrangement against indicators to determine if the liabilities which suppliers have sold to the partner bank under the supplier financing scheme continue to meet the definition of trade payables or should be classified as financial debt. On December 31, 2024 and 2023, all trade payables subject to the supplier finance arrangement meet the criteria of trade payables and are included in trade payables in the consolidated statement of financial position. Quantitative information In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 January 1, 2023 Carrying amount of financial liabilities Presented in trade and other payables 62 N/A N/A • of which suppliers have received payment from finance provider 47 N/A N/A Range of payment due dates (days after the invoice date) Liabilities that are part of the arrangement 102-106 days N/A N/A Comparable trade payables that are not part of the arrangements 45-49 days N/A N/A NOTE F33 Net indebtedness The Group’s net indebtedness is the balance between its financial debts and other financial instruments, and cash and cash equivalents. In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Financial debt 2,138 2,192 Cash and cash equivalents -539 -584 Other financial instruments -16 -118 Net indebtedness 1,583 1,489 The financial debt at the end of 2024 includes: h two senior bonds for a total of €1,500 million (€750 million maturing in 2028 and €750 million maturing in 2031); h a term loan for an amount of €200 million; h the lease debt IFRS16 €306 million; h other financial debt (€140 million, excluding lease debt) mainly in current financial debt. Solvay is Investment Grade rating BBB-/A3 (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor’s (as of December 4, 2024). Financial debt: main borrowings In € million (except where indicated) December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nominal amount Coupon Maturity Secured Amount at amortized cost Fair value Amount at amortized cost Fair value 2028 Bonds (issuance € 750 million) 750 3.875% 2028 No 746 766 n/a n/a 2031 Bonds (issuance € 750 million) 750 4.250% 2031 No 746 774 n/a n/a Total senior € notes 1,500 1,492 1,540 0 0 Credit lines Drawdown (€ 1,500 million) Floating rate 2025 No 0 0 1,500 1,500 Total Bridge facilities ( 1) 0 0 0 1,500 1,500 Term loan (€ 200 million) 200 Floating rate 2026 200 200 200 200 Other borrowings from third parties 140 140 140 185 185 Lease debts IFRS16 306 306 306 307 307 Total 2,146 2,138 2,186 2,192 2,192 (1) In 2023, the outstanding Solvay bridge facility had an initial maturity in October 2024, but the company had an unconditional right to extend two times the maturity by 6 months, until October 2025. The bridge facility was therefore classified as . There are no instances of default on the financial debts. There are no financial covenants breach, neither on Solvay SA/NV, nor on any of the Group’s holding companies. Other financial instruments In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 other financial instruments 0 0 Current other financial instruments 16 119 Currency swaps 1 2 Other marketable securities > 3 months 4 50 Other current financial assets 11 67 Other financial instruments 16 119 The other marketable securities >3 months include the bank drafts position. In 2024, the decrease in other current financial assets is explained by the transfers of CO 2 derivative financial instruments to the OTC market (previously traded in the exchange market). As a consequence, margin calls of Energy Services for instruments with a negative fair value that represented collateral for the obligations decreased. Cash and cash equivalents In € million December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash 211 300 Term deposits 328 285 Cash and cash equivalents 539 584 By their nature, the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents is equal to, or a very good proxy of, its fair value. As at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents were not subject to statutory, regulatory, or contractual restrictions and there were no material limitations on the ability to transfer cash or within the group. Changes in financial debt and in other financial instruments arising from financing activities In € million Dec 31, 2023 2024 Total Cash flows from increase of borrowings Cash flows from repayment of borrowings Changes in foreign exchange rates Changes in other current financial assets Other in financing cash flows Transfer from to current Payment of lease liabilities Other Partial Demerger Total Bonds - 1,492 - - - - - - - - 1,492 Other debts 1,737 - -1,500 0 - - -11 - 30 0 255 finance lease debt 243 - - 7 - - -70 - 55 - 236 Interests rate swaps 2 - - - - - - - 0 - 2 financial debt 1,983 1,492 -1