Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 57 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 57 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 57 Item 9B. Other Information 57 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 57 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 58 Item 11. Executive Compensation 58 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 58 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 58 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 59 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 61 SIGNATURES 62 3 Table of Contents DuPont de Nemours, Inc. DuPont TM and all products, unless otherwise noted, denoted with TM , SM or ® are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of affiliates of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. Overview On May 22, 2024, DuPont announced a plan to separate each of its Electronics and Water businesses in a manner to its shareholders, (the “Previously Intended Business Separations”). On January 15, 2025, DuPont announced it is targeting November 1, 2025, for the completion of the intended separation of the Electronics business (the “Intended Electronics Separation”). DuPont also announced that it would retain the Water business. The Intended Electronics Separation will not require a shareholder vote and is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by DuPont's Board of Directors, receipt of tax opinion from counsel, the filing and effectiveness of a Form 10 registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, applicable regulatory approvals and satisfactory completion of financing. Effective in the first quarter 2025, in light of the Intended Electronics Separation, the Company will realign its management and reporting structure. This realignment will result in a change in reportable segments in the first quarter of 2025 which will change the manner in which the Company reports its financial results by segment (the "2025 Segment Realignment"), principally with the businesses comprising the Intended Electronics Separation to be reported as a single reportable segment. The businesses that comprise the Intended Electronics Separation are the businesses that currently comprise Semiconductor and Interconnect Solutions, as well as the electronics businesses that are currently part of Industrial Solutions. The results of operations discussion included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as the segment information in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are not reflective of the impact of 2025 Segment Realignment. Effective as of January 1, 2024, Electronics & Industrial realigned certain product lines that comprise its business units (Industrial Solutions, Interconnect Solutions and Semiconductor Technologies) that are intended to optimize business operations across the segment leading to enhanced value for customers and cost savings. The net trade revenue table, within Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, has been recast for all periods presented to reflect the new structure. The realignment did not result in changes to total Electronics & Industrial segment net sales. On November 1, 2023, DuPont completed the divestiture of the Delrin® acetal homopolymer (H-POM) business to TJC LP, (the “Delrin® Divestiture”). On November 1, 2022, DuPont completed the divestiture of the majority of the historic Mobility & Materials segment, (the “M&M Divestiture”). The results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, present the financial results of the Delrin® Divestiture as discontinued operations. The results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, present the financial results of both the M&M Divestiture and the Delrin® Divestiture as discontinued operations. Unless otherwise indicated, the discussion of results, including the financial measures further discussed below, refers only to DuPont's Continuing Operations and does not include discussion of balances or activity of the M&M Divestiture or the Delrin® Divestiture. STATEMENTS This document contains “ statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In this context, statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” “will,” “would,” “target, “outlook,” “stabilization,” “confident,” “preliminary,” “initial,” and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements, including statements regarding outlook, expectations and guidance. statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which that are beyond DuPont’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any statements. statements are not guarantees of future results. Some of the important factors that could cause DuPont’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any such statements include, but are not limited to: (i) the ability of DuPont to effect the Intended Electronics Separation and to meet the conditions related thereto; (ii) the possibility that the Intended Electronics Separation will not be completed within the anticipated time period or at all; (iii) the possibility that the Intended Electronics Separation will not achieve its intended benefits; (iv) the impact of Intended Electronics Separation on DuPont’s businesses and the risk that the separation may be more difficult, or costly than expected, including 4 Table of Contents the impact on DuPont’s resources, systems, procedures and controls, diversion of management’s attention and the impact and possible disruption of existing relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other business counterparties; (v) the possibility of disruption, including disputes, litigation or unanticipated costs, in connection with the Intended Electronics Separation; (vi) the uncertainty of the expected financial performance of DuPont or the separated company following completion of the Intended Electronics Separation; (vii) negative effects of the announcement or pendency of the Intended Electronics Separation on the market price of DuPont’s securities and/or on the financial performance of DuPont; (viii) the ability to achieve anticipated capital structures in connection with Intended Electronics Separation, including the future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability; (ix) the ability to achieve anticipated credit ratings in connection with the Intended Electronics Separation; (x) the ability to achieve anticipated tax treatments in connection with the Intended Electronics Separation and completed and future, if any, divestitures, mergers, acquisitions and other portfolio changes and the impact of changes in relevant tax and other laws; (xi) risks and costs related to each of the parties respective performance under and the impact of the arrangement to share future eligible PFAS costs by and among DuPont, Corteva and Chemours, including the outcome of any pending or future litigation related to PFAS or PFOA, including personal injury claims and natural resource damages claims; the extent and cost of ongoing remediation obligations and potential future remediation obligations; and changes in laws and regulations applicable to PFAS chemicals; (xii) indemnification of certain legacy liabilities; (xiii) the failure to realize expected benefits and effectively manage and achieve anticipated synergies and operational efficiencies in connection with the Intended Electronics Separation and completed and future, if any, divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, and other portfolio management, productivity and infrastructure actions; (xiv) the risks and uncertainties, including increased costs and the ability to obtain raw materials and meet customer needs from, among other events, pandemics and responsive actions; (xv) adverse changes in worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade, geopolitical, capital markets and other external conditions; and other factors beyond DuPont’s control, including inflation, recession, military conflicts, natural and other disasters or events, that impact the operations of DuPont, its customers and/or its suppliers; (xvi) the ability to offset increases in cost of inputs, including raw materials, energy and logistics; (xvii) the risks associated with continuing or expanding trade disputes or restrictions, new or increased tariffs or export controls including on exports to China of U.S.-regulated products and technology; (xviii) the risks, including ability to achieve, and costs associated with DuPont’s sustainability strategy, including the actual conduct of DuPont’s activities and results thereof, and the development, implementation, achievement or continuation of any goal, program, policy or initiative discussed or expected; (xix) other risks to DuPont’s business and operations, including the risk of impairment; and (xx) other risk factors discussed in DuPont’s most recent annual report and subsequent current and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the statements could include, among other things, business or supply chain disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on DuPont’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. You should not place undue reliance on statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. DuPont assumes no obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. 5 Table of Contents DuPont de Nemours, Inc. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise noted by the context, the terms "DuPont" or "Company" used herein mean DuPont de Nemours, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. DuPont is a Delaware corporation formed in 2015 (formerly, DowDuPont Inc.), for the purpose of effecting an merger of equals transactions between The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC") and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company ("EID"). Effective August 31, 2017, pursuant to the merger of equals transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 11, 2015, as amended on March 31, 2017 ("DWDP Merger Agreement"), TDCC and EID each merged with subsidiaries of DowDuPont Inc. ("DowDuPont") and, as a result, TDCC and EID became subsidiaries of DowDuPont (the "DWDP Merger"). Prior to the DWDP Merger, DowDuPont did not conduct any business activities other than those required for its formation and matters contemplated by the DWDP Merger Agreement. For purposes of DowDuPont's financial statement presentation, TDCC was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the DWDP Merger and EID's assets and liabilities are reflected at fair value as of the DWDP Merger Effectiveness Time. On April 1, 2019, the Company completed the separation of the materials science business through the of Dow Inc., (“Dow”) including Dow’s subsidiary TDCC (the “Dow Distribution”). On June 1, 2019, the Company completed the separation of the agriculture business through the of Corteva, Inc. (“Corteva”) including Corteva’s subsidiary EID, (the “Corteva Distribution" and together with the Dow Distribution, the “DWDP Distributions”). Effective January 1, 2023, Corteva’s subsidiary EID changed its name to EIDP, Inc. (“EIDP”), and therefore references to EID reflect this name change as appropriate. DuPont is a global innovation leader with materials and solutions that help transform industries and everyday life by applying diverse science and expertise to help customers advance their best ideas and deliver essential innovations in key markets including electronics, transportation, construction, water, healthcare and worker safety. At December 31, 2024, the Company has subsidiaries in about 50 countries worldwide and manufacturing operations in about 24 countries. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the location of the Company's sales and property. Significant Transformational Divestitures On February 1, 2021, the Company completed the divestiture of the Nutrition & Biosciences (“N&B”) business to International Flavors & Fragrance Inc. (“IFF”) in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction (the “N&B Transaction”) that resulted in IFF issuing shares to DuPont stockholders. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. On February 18, 2022, the Company announced that it had entered an agreement on February 17, 2022, (the "Transaction Agreement") with Celanese Corporation ("Celanese") for divestiture of the majority of DuPont’s historic Mobility & Materials (“M&M”) segment, (the “M&M Divestiture”). The Auto Adhesives & Fluids, Multibase TM and Tedlar® product line, which were part of the historic M&M segment, are referred to as the "Retained Businesses". On November 1, 2022, DuPont and Celanese completed the M&M Divestiture and DuPont received cash proceeds of $11 billion which was subject to transaction adjustments in accordance with the Transaction Agreement. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. As part of its announcement on February 18, 2022 regarding the M&M Divestiture, DuPont also announced the Board of Directors' approval for the divestiture of the Delrin® acetal homopolymer (H-POM) business (the "Delrin® Divestiture"). On November 1, 2023, the Company closed the sale of the Delrin® business to TJC LP ("TJC"), (the “Delrin® Divestiture”). The Delrin® Divestiture together with the M&M Divestiture, are referred to as the “M&M Divestitures”. Intended Electronics Separation On May 22, 2024, DuPont announced a plan to separate each of its Electronics and Water businesses in a manner to its shareholders, (the “Previously Intended Business Separations”). On January 15, 2025, DuPont announced it is targeting November 1, 2025, for the completion of the intended separation of the Electronics business (the “Intended Electronics Separation”). DuPont also announced that it would retain the Water business. The Intended Electronics Separation will not require a shareholder vote and is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by DuPont's Board of Directors, receipt of a tax opinion from counsel, the filing and effectiveness of a Form 10 registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, applicable regulatory approvals and satisfactory completion of financing. 6 Table of Contents Financial Flexibility and Return of Excess Capital Following the M&M Divestiture, in November 2022, DuPont redeemed in full $2.5 billion in long term senior unsecured notes due November 2023. Following the announcement of the Previously Intended Business Separations, in the second quarter 2024, DuPont completed a partial redemption of $650 million aggregate principal amount of its 2038 Notes and entered into two interest rate swap agreements (“2024 Swaps”) to hedge the changes in the fair value of the Company’s debt due to interest rate change movements. In the fourth quarter of 2022, DuPont's Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase and retirement of up to $5 billion of common stock, (the "$5B Share Buyback Program”). In the third quarter 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and retired a total of 46.8 million shares of common stock with $250 million of such repurchases completing the $1 billion share repurchase program approved in February 2022 and the remaining $3 billion under the $5B Share Buyback Program. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the remaining $2 billion of buyback authority under the $5B Share Buyback Program repurchasing 27.9 million shares. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase and retirement of up to $1 billion of common stock (the "$1B Share Buyback Program”). The $1B Share Buyback Program terminates on June 30, 2025, unless extended or shortened by the Board of Directors. In the second quarter of 2024, DuPont completed an accelerated stock repurchase transaction (“ASR") for the repurchase of about $500 million of common stock. In total, the Company repurchased 6.9 million shares at an average price of $71.96 per share under the transaction. In connection with the Previously Intended Business Separations and continuing in light of the Intended Electronics Separation, DuPont announced its intent not to complete the remaining $500 million in share buyback authority under the $1B Share Buyback Program. For more information, see the discussion of Liquidity & Capital Resources in See Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Targeted Acquisitions On August 1, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Spectrum Plastics Group (“Spectrum”) from AEA Investors (the “Spectrum Acquisition”) which is part of Industrial Solutions within the Electronics & Industrial segment. On July 28, 2024, DuPont completed the acquisition of Donatelle Plastics, LLC ("Donatelle Plastics"), (the "Donatelle Plastics Acquisition"), which is being integrated into Industrial Solutions within the Electronics & Industrial segment. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Water District Settlement Agreement In April 2024, the $1.185B Water District Settlement became final and therefore DuPont’s $400 million contribution, plus interest, to the Water District Settlement Fund is reflected as a cash outflow within cash flows from discontinued operations during the year ended December 31, 2024. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The M&M Divestitures represent a strategic shift with a related major impact on DuPont's operations and results. The Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report present the financial position of DuPont as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the results of operations of DuPont for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows giving effect to the M&M Divestitures as if it had occurred on January 1, 2022, with the historical financial results of the businesses divested as part of the M&M Divestitures (the "M&M Businesses") reflected as discontinued operations, as applicable. The comprehensive income related to the M&M Businesses has not been segregated and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, as applicable. Unless otherwise indicated, the information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements refer only to DuPont's continuing operations and do not include discussion of balances or activity of the M&M Businesses. 7 Table of Contents SEGMENT INFORMATION The revenues and certain expenses of the M&M Businesses are classified as discontinued operations in the current and historical periods. Indirect costs, such as those related to corporate and shared service functions previously allocated to the M&M Businesses, do not meet the criteria for discontinued operations and remain reported within continuing operations. The Retained Businesses are not included in the scope of the M&M Divestitures and are included in Corporate & Other. See Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 23 in this annual report for additional information concerning the Company’s operating segments. ELECTRONICS & INDUSTRIAL Electronics & Industrial is a leading global provider of differentiated materials and component solutions for high performance computing, 5G, electric vehicles ("EV"), a broad range of consumer electronics including mobile devices, television monitors, personal computers and a variety of other industries including aerospace, defense, transportation, healthcare and medical devices. The segment supplies industry leading materials and solutions for the fabrication of semiconductors and integrated circuits addressing multiple steps of the manufacturing process. The segment offers a broad portfolio of semiconductor and advanced packaging materials, providing chemical mechanical planarization ("CMP") pads and slurries, photoresists and advanced coatings for lithography, removers and cleaners; dielectric and metallization solutions for advanced chip packaging; along with silicones for light emitting diode ("LED") packaging and semiconductor applications. Electronics & Industrial also provides permanent and process chemistries for the fabrication of printed circuit boards to include laminates and substrates, electroless and electrolytic metallization solutions, as well as patterning solutions and materials and innovative metallization processes for metal finishing, decorative, and industrial applications and provides electromagnetic shielding and thermal management solutions. With the acquisitions of Spectrum and Donatelle, Electronics & Industrial also produces specialty medical devices. Electronics & Industrial is a leading global supplier in the packaging graphics industry providing photopolymer plates and platemaking systems used in flexographic printing and digital inks for textile, commercial and printing applications. The segment also provides materials for the manufacturing of rigid and flexible displays for organic light emitting diode ("OLED") and other display applications. In addition, the segment produces high performance parts and specialty silicone elastomers and lubricants to meet customer specifications in automotive, aerospace, electronics, industrial and healthcare markets. Electronics & Industrial addresses these markets by leveraging a strong science and technology base and application engineering capabilities to provide the critical materials and solutions for creating a more connected and digital world. Acquisitions & Divestitures On July 28, 2024, DuPont completed the acquisition of Donatelle Plastics, LLC. Donatelle Plastics is a medical device company specializing in the design, development and manufacture of medical components and devices. Donatelle Plastics is presented within the Industrial Solutions business. On August 1, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Spectrum Plastics Group from AEA Investors. Spectrum is a recognized leader in advanced manufacturing of specialty medical devices and components with a strategic focus on key therapeutic areas such as structural heart, electrophysiology, surgical robotics and cardiovascular. Spectrum is presented within the Industrial Solutions business. Details on Electronics & Industrial's 2024 net sales, by major product line and geographic region, are as follows: 8 Table of Contents Products Major applications/market segments and technologies are listed below by major product line: Major Product Line Applications/Market Segments Technologies Semiconductor Technologies Integrated circuit fabrication for memory and logic semiconductors CMP consumables, photolithography materials, semiconductor fabrication materials, fabrication cleaners and removers, advanced chip packaging materials and thermal management materials, OLED and other display process materials Interconnect Solutions Printed circuit board, electronic and industrial finishing Circuit packaging film and laminate materials, interconnect metallization and imaging process chemistries, dry film photoresists, polyimide films, flexible circuit materials, LED encapsulants, electromagnetic shielding and thermal management materials Industrial Solutions 1 Flexographic printing and inkjet printing, high performance parts and specialty silicones for automotive, aerospace, electronics, industrial, healthcare and medical device markets Flexographic printing plates and materials, digital inks, perfluoroelastomer and polyimide parts and shapes, specialty silicone elastomers and lubricants, and specialty extrusion and molded parts for medical devices and components 1. Donatelle Plastics, a recently acquired component of the Electronics & Industrial segment, has been included within the Industrial Solutions business. Key Raw Materials The major commodities, raw materials and supplies for the Electronics & Industrial segment include: p-acetoxystyrene, monomers, pigments and dyes, styrenic block copolymers, copper foil, diglycolamine, hydroxylamine, filler alumina, nickel silver, oxydianiline, palladium, photoactive compounds, polyester and other polymer films, polyethylene resins, polyurethane resins, polyvinyl chloride compounds, pyromellitic dianhydride and silicones. Current and Future Investments The Company will invest approximately $70 million in its Electronics & Industrial segment to build new production assets at a Dayton, Ohio plant. The new assets will expand polymer production capacity to meet growing customer demand from the semiconductor market. At December 31, 2024, the Company had spent approximately $19 million since the start of the project and expects the new assets to be operational by the end of 2026. Additionally, the Company expects to invest about $165 million over the next five years at its Newark, Delaware plant to expand domestic production capacity to meet global customer demand from the semiconductor market. The investment plan will expand capacity and improve reliability for domestic supply assurance, improve product quality and consistency for advanced nodes, and expand manufacturing capabilities to enable new technology. At December 31, 2024, the Company had spent approximately $40 million under the investment plan. 9 Table of Contents WATER & PROTECTION Water & Protection is the global leader in providing innovative engineered products and integrated systems for a number of industries including, worker safety, water purification and separation, transportation, energy, medical packaging and building materials. Water & Protection addresses the growing global needs of businesses, governments and consumers for solutions that make life safer, healthier and better. Innovation is the business imperative. By uniting science and engineering with the strength of highly regarded brands including KEVLAR® material, NOMEX® material, CORIAN® solid surfaces, TYVEK® selective barriers, FILMTEC™ reverse osmosis elements, AMBERLITE™ ion exchange resins, STYROFOAM™ insulation and GREAT STUFF™ insulating foam sealants, the segment strives to bring new products and solutions to solve customers' needs faster, better and more cost effectively. Water & Protection is investing in future growth initiatives such as water management solutions, construction productivity solutions, high strength and light weighting composite solutions and circular ecosystem / zero waste solutions. Details on Water & Protection's 2024 net sales, by major product line and geographic region, are as follows: Products Major applications and products are listed below by major product line: Major Product Line Applications / Market Segments Major Products / Technologies Safety Solutions Industrial personnel protection, military and emergency response, medical devices and packaging, automotive, aerospace and oil and gas KEVLAR® fiber; NOMEX® fiber and paper; TYVEK® protective materials; TYCHEM® protective suits Shelter Solutions Rigid and spray foam insulation, weatherization, waterproofing and air sealing, caulks and sealants, roof coatings and decorative surface materials STYROFOAM™ brand insulation products, THERMAX™ exterior insulation, XENERGY™ high performance insulation, LIQUIDARMOR™ flashing and sealant, GREAT STUFF™ insulating foam sealants and adhesives, CORIAN® design solid and quartz surfaces, TYVEK® weather resistant barriers Water Solutions Water filtration and purification technology for residential, municipal and industrial use. Key industries include municipal drinking water and wastewater, power generation, microelectronics, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, industrial wastewater reuse, metals and mining and oil and gas segments AMBERLITE™ ion exchange resins, FILMTEC™ reverse osmosis and nanofiltration elements, INTEGRAFLUX™ ultrafiltration modules, FORTILIFE™ challenging water reverse osmosis membranes and TAPTEC™ water filtration and purification for drinking water in homes and commercial buildings 10 Table of Contents Key Raw Materials The major commodities, raw materials and supplies for the Water & Protection segment include: methyl methacrylate, alumina trihydrate, methyl pentanediol, styrene, polysulfone, Terephthaloyl- & Isophthaloyl- chloride, polyethylene, polyethylene, aniline, calcium chloride, divinyl benzene monomers caustic and sulfuric acid. Current and Future Investments The Company completed the previously announced plans to increase capacity for the manufacture of TYVEK® nonwoven materials at its Luxembourg site due to growing global demand. The new assets were online and operational in early 2024 and the total investment was approximately $400 million. CORPORATE & OTHER Corporate & Other includes sales and activity of the Retained Businesses including the Auto Adhesives & Fluids, Multibase TM and Tedlar® product lines. Corporate & Other includes DuPont's equity interest in Derby Holdings Group related to the Delrin® Divestiture. The results of Corporate & Other also include the sales and activity of certain divested businesses including the operations of the Biomaterials business unit divested in May 2022. Corporate & Other also includes certain enterprise and governance activities including corporate overhead costs and support functions, leveraged services, aligned litigation expenses and other costs not absorbed by reportable segments. The costs of the M&M Businesses that are classified as discontinued operations include only direct operating expenses incurred prior to the M&M Divestiture on November 1, 2022 and costs which the Company stopped incurring upon the close of the Delrin® Divestiture. Indirect costs, such as those related to corporate and shared service functions previously allocated to the M&M Businesses, do not meet the criteria for discontinued operations and remain reported within continuing operations. A portion of these indirect costs related to activities the Company continues to undertake of the M&M Divestitures, and for which it is reimbursed (“Future Reimbursable Indirect Costs”). Future Reimbursable Indirect Costs are reported within continuing operations in Corporate & Other but are excluded from Operating EBITDA as defined below. The remaining portion of these indirect costs are not subject to future reimbursement (“Stranded Costs”). Stranded Costs are reported within continuing operations in Corporate & Other and are included within Operating EBITDA. The Company's measure of profit/loss for segment reporting purposes is Operating EBITDA as this is the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") assesses performance and allocates resources. The Company defines Operating EBITDA as earnings (i.e., “Income from continuing operations before income taxes") before interest, depreciation, amortization, pension / other benefits (“OPEB”) / charges, and foreign exchange gains / losses, excluding Future Reimbursable Indirect Costs, and adjusted for significant items. 11 Table of Contents INDUSTRY SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC REGION RESULTS See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for net sales by business or major product line. Sales by geographic region are included within Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", "Results of Operations." See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding total net sales and total assets by segment, as well as net sales and assets by geographic region. SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS AND COMPETITION In 2024, no significant portion of the Company's sales was dependent upon a single customer. The markets in which the Company participates compete primarily through technology, range of products and services, performance, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, service and support. The Company provides extensive support, technical services and testing services for its customers, in addition to new product development. The Company believes that its proprietary product and process technologies, robust product and application development pipelines, customer intimacy, global manufacturing capability and local service capability enable it to compete successfully. DuPont is a company and is subject to competition across all product and service areas. Key competitors include but are not limited to: • Electronics & Industrial: Element Solutions, Entegris, Fujifilm, Henkel, JSR, Merck KGaA, MKS Instruments, and Resonac. • Water & Protection: 3M, Honeywell, Hydranautics, Kingspan, Kolon, Lanxess, , Ecolab, Avient, Toray, Teijin, and Yantai. Against this competitive backdrop, is the primary driver of price for the Company’s products, although price is impacted by many factors including, among others, fluctuations in supply and demand, and availability and cost of key manufacturing inputs including raw materials and energy. SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF MAJOR RAW MATERIALS The Company uses a wide variety of raw materials in the manufacturing of products. The prices of raw materials are driven by global supply and demand. In recent years, raw material prices and availability have been affected by worldwide economic conditions, including supply chain disruptions and inflationary cost pressures. The Company actively works to mitigate impacts of such conditions. DISTRIBUTION Most products are marketed primarily through the Company's sales organization, although for some product lines, more emphasis is placed on sales through distributors. The Company has a diverse worldwide network which markets and distributes the Company's brands to customers globally. This network consists of the Company's sales and marketing organization partnering with distributors, independent retailers, cooperatives and agents throughout the world. BACKLOG In general, the Company does not manufacture its products against a backlog of orders and does not consider backlog to be a significant indicator of the level of future sales activity. Production and inventory levels are typically based on the level of incoming orders as well as projections of future demand. However, from time to time in limited instances the Company does operate against a backlog for certain products, which has in the past resulted, and in the future may result, from the availability of raw materials from suppliers. Therefore, the Company believes that backlog information is generally not meaningful to understanding its overall business and should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company's ability to achieve any particular level of revenue or financial performance. SEASONALITY Certain of the Company's sales are seasonal as consumer electronics and North American and European construction demand generally increases in the second and third fiscal quarters resulting in sales increases in Interconnect Solutions and Shelter Solutions, respectively. This seasonality is partially mitigated by the other products provided by the Company that have no material seasonal effect. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Company’s businesses differentially manage their respective intellectual property estates to support Company strategic priorities, which can include leveraging intellectual property within and across product lines. 12 Table of Contents Trade Secrets: Trade secrets are an important part of the Company's intellectual property. Many of the processes used to make products are kept as trade secrets which, from time to time, may be licensed to third parties. DuPont vigilantly protects all of its intellectual property including its trade secrets. When the Company discovers that its trade secrets have been unlawfully taken, it reports the matter to governmental authorities for investigation and potential criminal action, as appropriate. In addition, the Company takes measures to mitigate any potential impact, which may include civil actions seeking redress, restitution and/or damages based on loss to the Company and/or unjust enrichment. Patents: The Company applies for and obtains patents in many countries, including the U.S., and has access to a large patent portfolio, both owned and licensed. DuPont’s rights under these patents and licenses, as well as the products made and sold under them, are important to the Company in the aggregate. The Company considers various intellectual property protections and strategic business priorities when deciding whether to apply for or maintain a patent. The protection afforded by patents varies based on country, scope of individual patent coverage, as well as the availability of legal remedies in each country and type of patent protection. The term of these patents is approximately twenty years from the filing date in general, but varies depending on country and type of patent protection. DuPont's significant patent estate may be leveraged to align with the Company’s strategic priorities within and across product lines. At December 31, 2024, the Company owned about 12,800 patents and patent applications globally. Approximately 80 percent of the Company’s patent estate has a remaining term of more than 5 years. Trademarks: The Company owns or licenses many trademarks that have significant recognition at the consumer retail level and/or the product line to product line level. Ownership rights in trademarks do not expire if the trademarks are continued in use and properly protected. ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATORY MATTERS DuPont operates global manufacturing, product handling and distribution facilities that are subject to a broad array of environmental laws and regulations. For more information see: (1) Environmental Proceedings on page 30 , (2) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 37 , (3) Notes 1 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. SUSTAINABILITY DuPont’s purpose is to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive. The Company operates within four core values of protecting safety and health; respect for people; conduct in accordance with the highest ethical behavior; and protecting the planet. DuPont’s sustainability strategy is focused on driving innovations to create sustainable solutions that help address the most pressing challenges facing society and the planet; enhancing the sustainability of its operations and facilities; and protecting the health and of its employees and communities. DuPont believes that climate change is an important global environmental issue that presents risks and opportunities. The Company is continuously evaluating opportunities for existing and new product and service offerings to meet the anticipated demands of a economy. Information about DuPont’s sustainability-related policies, programs, initiatives and goals is available under Sustainability in the "About Us" section of its website. The Company’s 2024 Sustainability Report, which is aligned to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") frameworks, includes information based on the businesses and facilities owned and operated by the Company during the calendar year 2023. Additional corporate governance information, including DuPont’s amended and restated charter, amended and restated bylaws, corporate governance guidelines, Board committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, is available under Corporate Governance in the "For Investors" section of the Company’s website. Nothing on the DuPont websites shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. HUMAN CAPITAL F oundational to the Company’s current and future success is its employees, who drive the Company’s strategic vision, manage operations and develop products. The Company focuses significant attention on attracting, motivating and retaining talent at all levels. Through training and professional development initiatives, promoting a respectful and welcoming culture, and emphasizing the importance of health, safety and , the Company’s aim is to create an environment that fully supports the needs of its employees providing opportunity for financial and career growth, an inclusive and collegial experience and purpose in doing work that matters. 13 Table of Contents The Company is committed to upholding a workplace culture that prioritizes the wellbeing and fulfillment of our employees and strongly believes that this approach not only aligns with our values but also positively impacts our performance. To ensure that the Company is consistently fulfilling this commitment, DuPont regularly gathers feedback from our colleagues and analyzes our progress. Annually, an engagement survey is conducted, which provides insight into employee morale and aspects of workplace culture like core values, commitment to ethical behavior, teamwork and employee development. The Company is committed to creating a culture built on continual learning to support the strategic needs of its workforce. The professional growth of our people is essential to the growth of our business. Our annual goal process asks employees to not only identify three key goals around business contributions but also and one goal focused on . The Company has prioritized learning and career development opportunities for leaders and all employees. The Company offers a wide set of training, education and development opportunities, both formally and informally, throughout the year. All employees take part in a mix of training and appropriate learning and training opportunities focusing on topics that are the most critical and relevant to each employees’ job function. Employees have the freedom to create meaningful development plans, identify goals, and take steps to achieve them. The Company is committed to ensuring fair access to growth and fulfillment opportunities for its employees and to positively impacting communities in which it operates. In furtherance of these commitments, the Company supports several resource groups which are open to all employees. Organizational culture is only as strong and resilient as its leaders; therefore, DuPont invests in leadership development. DuPont provides programming to equip leaders with the skills needed to support our employees through effective leadership. Annually, our senior leadership identifies key talent based on performance, potential and aspiration to develop for advancement. The Company's success also depends on the of employees, including physical, mental and emotional health. DuPont employees have access to online health resources through our global wellness provider to help them improve their overall , including a health assessment, healthy habit building and tracking, videos and content to reduce stress and increase resilience, better sleep habits, nutrition guides, company wellness challenges, and financial wellness education. The Company continues to provide Employee Assistance Program ("EAP") services to all employees globally and their immediate household members. All employees also have the support of the Company’s Health Services teams, which provides onsite and services to support and monitor the health and welfare of employees. The Company’s larger manufacturing and research sites have onsite clinics where employees can get occupational care, first aid treatment, travel vaccinations and referrals for medical care. The Company continuously strives for zero workplace injuries, occupational illnesses and incidents. The Company’s safety metrics are continually measured against this goal, and DuPont’s Environmental, Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee oversees improvements in the Company's health and safety practices. Health Services also assesses health risks across DuPont to find out which health concerns are most important to the Company's employees, conducts medical surveillance exams based on occupational risks and regulatory compliance priorities flagged by DuPont’s Environmental, Health and Safety team. As of December 31, 2024, the Company employed approximately 24,000 people worldwide. Approximately 34 percent of employees were in Asia Pacific, 16 percent were in the EMEA, 5 percent were in Latin America and 45 percent were in the U.S and Canada. Within the United States, about 6,000 employees were in or positions. AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company is subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Consequently, the Company is required to file reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including reports on the following forms: annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, from which the public may obtain any materials the Company files with the SEC. The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are also accessible on DuPont's website at http://www.investors.dupont.com by clicking on the section labeled "Investors", then on "Filings & Reports". These reports are made available, without charge, as soon as is reasonably practicable after the Company files or furnishes them electronically with the SEC. 14 Table of Contents DuPont webcasts its quarterly earnings calls and certain events it participates in or hosts with members of the investment community under For Investors section, in the "About Us" section of the Company’s website. Additionally, DuPont provides notifications of news or announcements regarding its financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, news and earnings releases under For Investors . The Company has used, uses and intends to continue to use, its website as means of disclosing material information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC’s Regulation FD. The contents of the Company’s websites, including those referenced above and elsewhere in this report, are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document DuPont has or in the future may file with the SEC, and any references to the Company’s websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company's operations could be affected by various risks, many of which are beyond its control. Based on current information, the Company believes that the following identifies the most material risk factors that could affect its operations. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Risks related to the Intended Electronics Separation DuPont may be unable to achieve all the benefits that it expects to achieve from the Intended Electronics Separation, if the Intended Electronics Separation is effected at all. The success of the Intended Electronics Separation ultimately depends on, among other things, DuPont's ability to internally separate the Electronics business in a manner that facilitates the Intended Electronics Separation on a U.S. federal income basis and enables the future Electronics company as well as “new” DuPont, as a diversified industrials-focused company, (the “FutureCos” and each, a “FutureCo”), to benefit from increased focus and agility in their respective industries. DuPont, and each of its businesses, has and continues to benefit from efficiencies through the optimization of its global footprint, leveraging of corporate, procurement and functional services and costs across all of its businesses. While the Intended Electronics Separation is expected to create , the intent is to stand the FutureCos in a way that is favorably competitive for each FutureCo’s respective industry. The separation and distribution transactions necessary to effectuate the Intended Electronics Separation will be complex, costly and , and are subject to difficulties, uncertainties and unanticipated risks, each of which may diminish the benefits the Company expects to realize from the Intended Electronics Separation. These include, but are not limited to: • delays, both generally and as a result of failure to satisfy all of the required conditions to the Intended Electronics Separation; • unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in law, macroeconomic environment, market conditions or political or regulatory conditions, including as a result of executive orders; • difficulties in standing the FutureCos and completing the Intended Electronics Separation in an efficient and effective manner to achieve business opportunities and growth prospects; • costs or inefficiencies associated with , including due to increased borrowing costs; • the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at the Company as a result of the devotion of management’s attention to the Intended Electronics Separation; • the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process, including with respect to the Intended Electronics Separation; • unanticipated issues in creating information technology, communications programs, financial procedures and operations, and other systems, procedures and policies; • impact on relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, distributors, licensors and other stakeholders; • tax costs or inefficiencies associated with the Intended Electronics Separation; and • potential negative reactions from the financial markets if the Company fails to complete the Intended Electronics Separation, as currently expected, within the anticipated time frame or at all. If the Intended Electronics Separation is completed, each of the FutureCos will incur ongoing costs of operating as independent companies that will no longer be shared, and each of the FutureCos will be smaller, less diversified companies with more limited businesses concentrated in their respective industries than DuPont is today. As a result, the FutureCos may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, be subject to costs that exceed the Company’s estimates and the Intended Electronics Separation may result in existing shareholders divesting the stock of the FutureCos where investment strategies no longer align, which may affect the market price of the respective FutureCos’ common stock following the consummation of the Intended Electronics Separation. Each of these risks may diminish the benefits the Company expects to realize from the Intended Electronics Separation. Further, if the Intended Electronics Separation is ultimately not consummated, the anticipated benefits, operational efficiencies, business opportunities and growth prospects may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, and the value of common stock, the revenues, levels of expenses and results of operations of each of the FutureCos may be adversely affected. In addition, the Company will have incurred costs (which may be significant) without realizing the benefits of such transaction. 16 Table of Contents The Intended Electronics Separation may adversely impact DuPont’s ability to access the capital markets and its cost of capital. The Intended Electronics Separation may have the effect of, among other things: • requiring the Company to dedicate significant cash flow to the Company’s debt, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest, payment of costs associated with the refinance, repayment, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Company’s outstanding debt, and payment of costs associated with the Intended Electronics Separation, which will reduce funds the Company has available for other purposes; • exposing the Company to interest rate risk at the time of refinancing outstanding debt or on the portion of the Company’s debt obligations that are issued at variable rates; • increasing the borrowing costs associated with the or taking on of new debt; and • although the Company expects to maintain investment grade ratings, resulting in downgrades of the Company’s credit ratings leading to increased borrowing costs to the Company. DuPont’s primary sources of liquidity to finance operations, including stock repurchases and dividends on its common stock, is cash generated by its businesses and access to the debt capital markets. Further, DuPont is considering potentially repaying, redeeming, repurchasing or exchanging some or all of its senior notes, of which there are about $7.2 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding, with maturities in 2025, 2028, 2038 and 2048. If the Company’s ability to continue to raise money in the debt capital markets is impaired, or if there is a significant increase in the cost of debt, there may be a significant negative effect on the Company’s liquidity. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, it could restrict the Company’s current operations, activities under its current and future stock buyback programs, and the Company’s growth opportunities, which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. If the intended distribution of the Electronics FutureCo, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then DuPont could be subject to significant tax liability. It is expected that DuPont will receive a tax opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, its tax counsel, as a condition to the distribution, in form and substance acceptable to DuPont, substantially to the effect that, among other things, such distribution along with certain related transactions will qualify for treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code,” and such opinion, the “Tax Opinion”). The Tax Opinion is expected to rely on certain facts, assumptions, and undertakings, and certain representations from DuPont and the Electronics FutureCo, regarding the past and future conduct of each of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the Tax Opinion, the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could determine on audit that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the Tax Opinion. If the distribution and/or certain related transactions fail to qualify for treatment under U.S. federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, it is expected that DuPont could incur significant tax liabilities under U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law. Generally, corporate taxes resulting from the failure of the distribution to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on DuPont. Under a tax matters agreement expected to be entered into between DuPont and the Electronics FutureCo, the responsibility for such taxes may be allocated between the FutureCos under certain circumstances and each FutureCo may be obligated to indemnify the other against any such taxes imposed on it. To the extent that DuPont is responsible for any liability as a result of the failure of the distribution and/or certain related transactions to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there could be a material adverse impact on DuPont’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in reporting periods following the Intended Electronics Separation. Risks Relating to the M&M Divestitures, N&B Transaction and the Dow and Corteva Distributions DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities if certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the completed divestiture of a majority of the Mobility & Materials business to Celanese and divestiture of the Delrin® business to TJC (the "M&M Divestitures"), fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment. Prior to the closing of the M&M Divestitures, DuPont engaged in certain internal reorganization activities to separate into and to separately align the legal entities holding the M&M Business and the Delrin® business for disposition. DuPont has recognized a tax liability pursuant to these reorganization activities related to the M&M Divestitures. However, if certain of these internal reorganization activities fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment under U.S. federal, state, local tax and/or foreign tax law, DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities. 17 Table of Contents The separation and combination of DuPont’s Nutrition & Biosciences business with IFF could result in a significant tax liability to DuPont. The distribution by DuPont to its stockholders of all the issued and outstanding shares of N&B through the Exchange Offer ("N&B Distribution") and the merger of N&B with a subsidiary of IFF ("N&B Merger") are expected to be to DuPont stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes (except to the extent that cash was paid to DuPont stockholders in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to the N&B Merger Agreement), and the N&B Contribution, defined below, N&B Distribution, and the payment from N&B to DuPont of approximately $7.3 billion ("Special Cash Payment") are expected to result in no recognition of gain or loss by DuPont for U.S. federal income tax purposes. DuPont received an opinion of counsel and also obtained a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding certain matters impacting the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the separation and transfer by DuPont of its N&B Business (the “N&B Contribution”), N&B Distribution, Special Cash Payment and certain related transactions. The conclusions of the IRS private letter ruling were based, among other things, on various factual assumptions DuPont authorized and representations DuPont made to the IRS. If any of those assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the IRS private letter ruling may be affected. If the N&B Contribution and N&B Distribution failed to qualify for the treatment described above, DuPont would be required to generally recognize a taxable gain on the transactions and stockholders of DuPont who receive N&B Common Stock (and subsequently, IFF Common Stock) would be subject to tax on their receipt of the N&B Common Stock. Additionally, if the Special Cash Payment or certain internal transactions related to the separation of the Nutrition & Biosciences business fail to qualify for their intended treatment under U.S. federal, state, local tax and/or foreign tax law, DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities. Under the Tax Matters Agreement by and between DuPont with N&B and IFF, N&B or IFF is generally required to indemnify DuPont for any taxes resulting from the separation of the Nutrition & Biosciences business (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) certain actions taken by N&B or IFF involving the capital stock of N&B or IFF or any assets of the N&B group (excluding actions required by the documents governing the proposed transactions), or (ii) any breach of certain representations and covenants made by N&B or IFF. DuPont is subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Dow and Corteva following the separations and DWDP Distributions. After the separations and DWDP Distributions, there are several significant areas where the liabilities of Dow and Corteva may become the Company’s obligations, either in whole or in part. For example, to the extent that any subsidiary of the Company was included in the consolidated tax reporting group of either TDCC or EIDP for any taxable period or portion of any taxable period ending on or before the effective date of the DWDP Merger, such subsidiary is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of the entire consolidated tax reporting group of TDCC or EIDP, as applicable, for such taxable period. In connection with the separations and DWDP Distributions, DuPont, Dow and Corteva have entered into a Tax Matters Agreement, as amended (the "DWDP Tax Matters Agreement"), that allocates the responsibility for prior period consolidated taxes among Dow, Corteva and DuPont. If Dow or Corteva are unable to pay any prior period taxes for which it is responsible, however, DuPont could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes, and such amounts could be significant. Other provisions of federal, state, local, or foreign law may establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing pension plans, as well as other contingent liabilities. In connection with the separations and DWDP Distributions, certain liabilities are allocated to or retained by DuPont through assumption or indemnification of Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable. If DuPont is required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities to Dow and/or Corteva, DuPont may need to divert cash to meet those obligations, and the Company’s financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, certain liabilities are allocated to or retained by Dow and/or Corteva through assumption or indemnification, or subject to indemnification by other third parties. These indemnities may not be sufficient to insure the Company against the full amount of liabilities, including PFAS Stray Liabilities, allocated to or retained by it, and Dow, Corteva and/or third parties may not be able to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations in the future. Pursuant to the DWDP Separation and Distribution Agreement, the DWDP Employee Matters Agreement, and the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement (collectively, the “Core Agreements”) with Dow and Corteva, as well as the Letter Agreement between DuPont and Corteva, DuPont has agreed to assume, and indemnify Dow and Corteva for, certain liabilities. Payments pursuant to these indemnities may be significant and could negatively impact the Company’s business. Third parties could also seek to hold DuPont responsible for any of the liabilities allocated to Dow and Corteva, including those related to EIDP’s materials science and/or agriculture businesses, or for the conduct of such businesses prior to the distributions, and such third parties could seek damages, other monetary penalties (whether civil or criminal) and/or other 18 Table of Contents remedies. Additionally, DuPont generally assumes and is responsible for the payment of the Company’s share of (i) certain liabilities of DowDuPont relating to, arising out of or resulting from certain general corporate matters of DuPont and (ii) certain separation expenses not otherwise allocated to Corteva or Dow (or allocated specifically to it) pursuant to the Core Agreements, and third parties may seek to hold it responsible for Dow’s or Corteva’s share of any such liabilities. Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, have agreed to indemnify it for such liabilities; however, such indemnities may not be sufficient to protect it against the full amount of such liabilities or from other remedies, and Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, may not be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. Even if DuPont ultimately succeeds in recovering from Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, any amounts for which DuPont is held liable, DuPont may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Generally, as described in Litigation, Environmental Matters and Indemnifications, losses from liabilities related to discontinued and/or divested operations and businesses of EIDP that are not primarily related to its agriculture business or specialty products business, (“Stray Liabilities”), are allocated to or shared by each of Corteva and DuPont. Stray Liabilities include liabilities arising out of actions to the extent related to or resulting from EIDP’s development, testing, manufacture or sale of per- or polyfluoroalkyl substances, (“PFAS Stray Liabilities”), that are not otherwise defended and indemnified by Chemours. At December 31, 2024, the Company has recorded an indemnification liability related to Stray Liabilities. The Company recognizes an indemnification liability when a loss is reasonably probable and can be reasonably estimated. While the Company has established processes and controls over the information to support its accounting for indemnification liabilities with each of Corteva and Dow, the Company is reliant on the accuracy, transparency, completeness and timeliness of information from the applicable party, either Corteva or Dow, that retains direct liability for the underlying matter. Estimating indemnified costs of environmental remediation and compliance activities is particularly difficult since such activities are dependent on the nature of and activity at specific sites; new and evolving analytical, operating and remediation technologies and techniques; agreed action plans; changes in environmental regulations; permissible levels of specific compounds in water, air or soil; enforcement theories and policies, including efforts to recover natural resource damages; and the presence and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties. At December 31, 2024, the Company had recorded indemnification assets related to Stray Liabilities and other matters. Although the Company believes it is remote, there can be no assurance that any such would have adequate resources to satisfy its indemnification obligation when due, or, would not ultimately be successful in claiming defenses against payment. Even if recovery from the is ultimately successful, DuPont may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See discussion of the Core Agreements in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Litigation, Environmental Matters and Indemnifications in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. On January 22, 2021, DuPont, Corteva and Chemours entered into a cost sharing arrangement related to future eligible PFAS costs. The Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected by litigation and other commitments and contingencies, including expected performance under and impact of the cost sharing arrangement. While the cost sharing arrangement related to future PFAS eligible costs reduces uncertainty, its ultimate impact on the Company depends on a number of factors and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to: the achievement, terms and conditions of future agreements, if any, related to the cost sharing arrangement; the outcome of any pending or future litigation related to PFAS or PFOA, including personal injury claims and natural resource damages claims; the extent and cost of ongoing remediation obligations and potential future remediation obligations, including under Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; changes in laws and regulations applicable to PFAS chemicals, changes in applicable health advisory levels and in chronic reference doses for PFAS in drinking water; the performance by each of the parties of their respective obligations under the cost sharing arrangement. DuPont faces risks arising from various unasserted and asserted litigation matters, including product liability, patent infringement and other intellectual property disputes, contract and commercial litigation, claims for damage or personal injury, antitrust claims, governmental regulations and other actions. An adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could be material to the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the ordinary course of business, DuPont may make certain commitments, including representations, warranties and indemnities relating to current and past operations, including those related to divested businesses, and DuPont may issue guarantees of obligations. If DuPont is required to make payments as a result, they could exceed the amounts accrued therefor, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s results of operations. 19 Table of Contents If the completed distribution of Corteva or Dow, in each case, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then the Company could be subject to significant tax and indemnification liability. The completed distributions of Corteva and Dow were each conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, the Company’s tax counsel, regarding the qualification of the applicable distribution along with certain related transactions as a transaction under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code (such opinions, the “DWDP Tax Opinions”). The DWDP Tax Opinions relied on certain facts, assumptions, and undertakings, and certain representations from the Company, Dow and Corteva, as applicable, as well as the IRS Ruling (as defined below). Notwithstanding the DWDP Tax Opinions and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that either, or both, of the distributions and certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the DWDP Tax Opinions. Even if a distribution otherwise constituted a transaction to stockholders under Section 355 of the Code, the Company could be required to recognize corporate level tax on such distribution and certain related transactions under Section 355(e) of the Code if the IRS determines that, as a result of the DWDP Merger or other transactions considered part of a plan with such distribution, there was a 50 percent or greater change in ownership in the Company, Dow or Corteva, as relevant. In connection with the DWDP Merger, the Company sought and received a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding the proper time, manner and methodology for measuring common ownership in the stock of the Company, EIDP and TDCC for purposes of determining whether there was a 50 percent or greater change of ownership under Section 355(e) of the Code as a result of the DWDP Merger (the “IRS Ruling”). The DWDP Tax Opinions relied on the continued validity of the IRS Ruling and representations made by the Company as to the common ownership of the stock of TDCC and EIDP immediately prior to the DWDP Merger, and concluded that there was not a 50 percent or greater change of ownership for purposes of Section 355(e) as a result of the DWDP Merger. Notwithstanding the DWDP Tax Opinions and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine that a distribution or a related transaction should nevertheless be treated as a taxable transaction to the Company if it determines that any of the Company’s facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings was not correct or that a distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions in the DWDP Tax Opinions that are not covered by the IRS Ruling. Generally, corporate taxes resulting from the failure of a distribution to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on the Company. Under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, Dow and Corteva are generally obligated to indemnify the Company against any such taxes imposed on it. However, if a distribution fails to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes for certain reasons relating to the overall structure of the DWDP Merger and the distributions, then under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, the Company and Corteva, on the one hand, and Dow, on the other hand, would share the tax liability resulting from such failure in accordance with the relative equity values of the Company and Dow on the first full trading day following the distribution of Dow, and the Company and Corteva would in turn share any such resulting tax liability in accordance with the relative equity values of the Company and Corteva on the first full trading day following the distribution of Corteva. Furthermore, under the terms of the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, a party also generally will be responsible for any taxes imposed on the other parties that arise from the failure of either distribution to qualify as for U.S. federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Section 355 of the Code or the failure of certain related transactions to qualify for treatment, to the extent such failure to qualify is attributable to actions, events or transactions relating to such party, or such party's affiliates’, stock, assets or business, or any breach of such party's representations made in connection with the IRS Ruling or in any representation letter provided to a tax advisor in connection with certain tax opinions, including the DWDP Tax Opinions, regarding the status of the distributions and certain related transactions. To the extent that the Company is responsible for any liability under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, there could be a material adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future reporting periods. Risks Relating to DuPont’s Business and Results of Operations Supply chain and operational disruptions, including those as a result of pandemics and climate change, and volatility in energy and raw material costs, could significantly increase costs and expenses, adversely impact the Company’s sales and earnings and impact access to sources of liquidity. The Company’s manufacturing processes and operations depend on the continued availability of energy and raw materials, the costs of which are subject to worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond the Company’s control, including potential legislation to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, creating a carbon tax or implementing a cap and trade program which could create increases in costs and price volatility. Operational changes and transition to renewable energy sources to meet country, NGO and GHG emissions pledges and related decarbonization technology investments, may require the Company to make significant capital investments, its 20 Table of Contents products with certain suppliers, as well as meet additional regulatory and compliance requirements and could result in higher cost and expenses. Climate change increases the frequency and severity of potential supply chain and operational disruptions from weather events and natural disasters. The chronic physical impacts associated with climate change, for example, increased temperatures, changes in weather patterns and rising sea levels, could significantly increase costs and expenses and create additional supply chain and operational disruption risks. Supply chain disruptions, plant and/or power outages, labor shortages and/or strikes, activity, weather events and natural disasters, including hurricanes or flooding that impact coastal regions, and global health risks or pandemics could seriously harm the Company’s operations as well as the operations of the Company’s customers and suppliers. In addition, the Company’s suppliers may experience capacity limitations in their own operations or may elect to reduce or eliminate certain product lines. To address this risk, generally, the Company seeks to have many sources of supply for key raw materials in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. In addition, and where the supply market for key raw materials is concentrated, DuPont takes additional steps to manage its exposure to supply chain risk and price fluctuations through, among other things, negotiated contracts some which include minimum purchase obligations. However, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials. DuPont also takes actions to offset the effects of higher energy and raw material costs through selling price increases, productivity improvements and cost reduction programs. Success in offsetting higher raw material costs with price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the market served. As a result, volatility in these costs may negatively impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. DuPont’s manufacturing operations may be adversely affected by impacts of pandemics including government actions and other responsive measures, quarantines and health and availability of essential onsite personnel. DuPont is unable to predict the extent of pandemic related impacts on its business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition which depends on highly uncertain and unpredictable future developments. DuPont’s financial results may be materially and adversely impacted by a variety of factors that have not yet been determined, including potential impairments of goodwill and other assets. DuPont, when necessary, will take actions, including reducing costs, restructuring actions, and delaying certain capital expenditures and spend. In addition, the Company may consider further reductions in or furloughing additional operations in response to further and/or deeper declines in demand and/or or supply chain disruptions. There can be no guaranty that such actions would significantly mitigate the impact on the company’s business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity or financial condition and the Company may experience materially a

[truncated]