Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 58 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 59 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 Item 9B. Other Information 60 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 60 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 61 Item 11. Executive Compensation 61 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 61 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 61 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 61 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 62 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 65 SIGNATURES 66 3 Table of Contents DuPont de Nemours, Inc. DuPont TM and all products, unless otherwise noted, denoted with TM , SM or ® are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of affiliates of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. STATEMENTS Certain statements in this document may be considered statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. statements often contain words such as “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “seek”, “see”, “will”, “would”, “target”, “outlook”, “stabilization”, “confident”, “preliminary”, “initial”, “continue”, “may”, “could”, “project”, “estimate”, “forecast” and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements. statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which are beyond DuPont's control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any statements. statements are not guarantees of future results. Some of the important factors that could cause DuPont's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any such statements include, but are not limited to (i) the ability to realize the intended benefits of the separation of the electronics business on November 1, 2025, (the “Electronics Separation”), by way of the spinoff of Qnity Electronics, Inc., (the “Qnity Distribution”), including achievement of the intended tax treatment; contractual allocation to, and assumption by Qnity of certain liabilities, including certain legacy liabilities with respect to PFAS; and the possibility of disputes, litigation or unanticipated costs in connection with the Electronics Separation and Distribution; (ii) the ability to timely effect, if at all, the announced sale of the DuPont’s aramids business to Arclin, a portfolio company of a TJC LP affiliate, (the “Aramids Divestiture”) and the impact on DuPont’s balance sheet, financial condition and future results of operations; (iii) risks and costs related to the impact of the arrangement to share future eligible PFAS costs by and among DuPont, Corteva and Chemours, including the outcome of pending or future litigation related to PFAS or PFOA, which includes personal injury claims and natural resource damages claims; the extent and cost of ongoing and potential future remediation obligations; and changes in laws and regulations applicable to PFAS chemicals; (iv) the failure to realize expected benefits and effectively manage and achieve anticipated synergies and operational efficiencies in connection with the Electronics Separation, the Aramids Divestiture and completed and future, if any, divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, and other portfolio management, productivity and infrastructure actions; (v) risks and uncertainties that are outside the Company’s control but adversely impact the overall environment in which DuPont, its customers and/or its suppliers operate, including changes in economic, political, regulatory, international trade, geopolitical, military conflicts, capital markets and other external conditions, including pandemics and responsive actions, as well as natural and other disasters or events; (vi) the ability to offset increases in cost of inputs, including raw materials, energy and logistics; (vii) the risks and uncertainties associated with continuing or expanding trade disputes or restrictions and responsive actions, new or increased tariffs or export controls including on exports to China of U.S.-regulated products and technology; (viii) other risks to DuPont’s business and operations, including the risk of impairment; (ix) risks and uncertainties in connection with completing the $2 billion share buyback authorization DuPont announced on November 6, 2025, including timeline, associated costs and the possibility that the authorization may be suspended or discontinued prior to completion; and (x) other risk factors discussed in DuPont’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the statements could include, among other things, business or supply chain disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on DuPont’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. Undue reliance should not be placed on statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. DuPont assumes no obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. 4 Table of Contents DuPont de Nemours, Inc. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise noted by the context, the terms "DuPont" or "Company" used herein mean DuPont de Nemours, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. DuPont is a leading provider of advanced solutions that improve everyday life across healthcare, water, construction and industrial markets. The Company is committed to helping customers advance their technology pipelines and provide solutions that address their unique challenges. From delivering clean water to enabling medical packaging solutions which enhance safety and performance, DuPont's innovations power the essential products and technologies people rely on every day. At December 31, 2025, the Company has subsidiaries in about 50 countries worldwide and manufacturing operations in about 20 countries. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the location of the Company's sales and property. Transformational Journey DuPont is a Delaware corporation formed in 2015 (formerly, DowDuPont Inc.), for the purpose of effecting the merger of equals transactions between The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC") and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (n/k/a as EIDP, Inc., "EIDP"), which became effective on August 31, 2017. As a result of the merger, TDCC and EIDP became subsidiaries of DowDuPont Inc. (the "DWDP Merger"). The DWDP Merger aimed to combine the strengths of both companies and then realign the assets to create three more focused and streamlined public companies. On April 1, 2019, the Company completed the separation of the materials science business through the of Dow Inc., (“Dow”) including Dow’s subsidiary TDCC (the “Dow Distribution”). On June 1, 2019, the Company completed the separation of the agriculture business through the of Corteva, Inc. (“Corteva”) including Corteva’s subsidiary EIDP, (the “Corteva Distribution" and together with the Dow Distribution, the “DWDP Distributions”). On its transformation journey from a specialty products company to a focused advanced solutions provider, DuPont has taken the following actions: • the divestiture in 2021 of the Nutrition & Biosciences (“N&B”) business to International Flavors & Fragrance Inc. (“IFF”) in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction (the “N&B Transaction”); • the divestiture in 2022 of the majority of the businesses comprising the historical Materials & Mobility (M&M) segment to Celanese Corporation (the “M&M Divestiture”); • the divestiture in 2023 of the Delrin® business, part of the historical M&M segment, to TJC LP ("TJC"), (the “Delrin® Divestiture” and together with the M&M Divestiture, referred to as the "M&M Divestitures"); • the entry in the third quarter of 2025 into a definitive agreement to sell the Aramids business (the “Aramids Divestiture”) to Arclin, a portfolio company of an affiliate of TJC, in a transaction that is expected to close around the end of the first quarter 2026, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of regulatory approvals; and • the separation of its semiconductor and interconnect solutions businesses, (the "Electronics Business" and the separation of the Electronics Business, the “Electronics Separation”) into an independent public company, Qnity Electronics, Inc. (“Qnity”), by way of the distribution to DuPont's stockholders of record as of October 22, 2025 of all the issued and outstanding common stock of Qnity on November 1, 2025 (the “Qnity Distribution”). See Part II, Item 7 Management’s Discussion & Analysis and Notes 4 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. The M&M Divestitures, intended Aramids Divestiture, and Electronics Separation represent strategic shifts with related major impacts on DuPont's operations and results. The revenues and certain expenses of the M&M Businesses, Aramids Business, and Electronics Business are classified as discontinued operations in the current and historical periods. 5 Table of Contents The Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report present the financial position of DuPont as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the results of operations of DuPont for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows giving effect to the M&M Divestitures, Aramids Divestiture, and Electronics Separation as if each had occurred on January 1, 2023, with the historical financial results of the businesses divested as part of the aforementioned divestitures (the "M&M Businesses", “Aramids Business”, and “Electronics Business”) reflected as discontinued operations, as applicable. The comprehensive income related to the M&M Businesses, Aramids Business, and Electronics Business has not been segregated and is included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, as applicable. Unless otherwise indicated, the information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements refer only to DuPont's continuing operations and do not include discussion of balances or activity of discontinued operations. SEGMENT INFORMATION Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, following the Electronics Separation, the Company realigned its management and reporting structure. This realignment resulted in a change in reportable segments which changed the manner in which the Company reports its financial results (the "Q4 2025 Segment Realignment"), creating two new reportable segments: Healthcare & Water Technologies and Diversified Industrials. As a result, the Consolidated Financial Statements have been recast for all periods presented to reflect the new two segment reporting structure as described below: • Healthcare & Water Technologies includes packaging, parts and components for medical device and biopharma markets as well as water filtration and purification technologies primarily for industrial wastewater & energy, municipal drinking water & desalination, and life sciences & specialty markets. • Diversified Industrials includes building technologies, with a broad portfolio serving and repair/remodel applications across and residential construction markets, and industrial technologies, which includes a portfolio of adhesive, wear and friction, and packaging solutions serving aerospace, automotive and printing and packaging markets. See Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 23 in this annual report for additional information concerning the Company’s operating segments. 6 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE & WATER TECHNOLOGIES Healthcare & Water Technologies is a global leader in providing innovative products, components, and solutions across a number of industries including medical packaging, medical devices, water filtration and purification, and protective garments. Healthcare & Water Technologies' portfolio addresses some of the world’s most critical challenges including an aging population and increasing complexity of medical devices, water scarcity, increasing regulatory requirements and the need for water. The segment leverages application development expertise, specialized manufacturing capabilities, and recognized brands to support customers’ product development, scale‑up, and operational requirements across regulated and mission‑critical applications. DuPont believes that its combination of differentiated technology, application expertise, and a commitment to quality and performance makes Healthcare & Water Technologies a preferred choice for customers seeking to develop their products. Acquisitions On August 1, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Spectrum Plastics Group ("Spectrum") from AEA Investors. Spectrum is a recognized leader in the advanced manufacturing of specialty medical devices and components with a strategic focus on key therapeutic areas such as structural heart, electrophysiology, surgical robotics and cardiovascular. Spectrum is primarily reported within the Healthcare Technologies business within the Healthcare & Water Technologies segment On July 28, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Donatelle Plastics, LLC ("Donatelle"). Donatelle is a medical device company specializing in the design, development and manufacture of medical components and devices. Donatelle is part of the Healthcare Technologies business within the Healthcare & Water Technologies segment. On October 10, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Sinochem (Ningbo) RO Memtech Co., Ltd. ("Sinochem"). Sinochem is a reverse osmosis manufacturer located in China. Sinochem is part of the Water Technologies business within the Healthcare & Water Technologies segment. 7 Table of Contents Details on Healthcare & Water Technologies' 2025 net sales, by business and geographic region, are as follows: Healthcare Technologies delivers specialized materials and product design, prototyping, and manufacturing services tailored for situations where technological advancement is paramount, and the assurance of quality and performance is required. This business produces medical packaging, parts and components to meet stringent performance, quality, and regulatory requirements for the biopharma and medical device markets. Key offerings include specialty components for medical devices, TYVEK ® medical packaging and garments, as well as TYCHEM ® protective suits. Water Technologies operates as a pure play provider of advanced water filtration and separation solutions, including elements, modules, and systems serving primarily industrial wastewater and energy markets, municipal and desalination applications, and life sciences and specialty sectors. Its product suite includes AMBERLITE™ ion exchange resins, FILMTEC™ reverse osmosis and nanofiltration elements and INGE™ and ITEGRATEC™ ultrafiltration modules. Through these differentiated technologies, this business delivers reliable, solutions that meet growing global demand for efficient water purification and treatment. 8 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIALS The Diversified Industrials segment provides engineered products and integrated solutions that enhance safety, performance, durability and operational efficiency across construction and industrial end markets, including aerospace, automotive, electric vehicles, and broader industrial markets. The segment consists of the Building Technologies and Industrial Technologies businesses. Diversified Industrials develops technologies designed to enhance safety, performance, and operational efficiency for customers across these end markets. The segment leverages innovation, design capabilities, advanced manufacturing capabilities, and application development expertise, supported by a portfolio of established brands, to advance new product and solution development. Details on Diversified Industrials 2025 net sales, by business and geographic region, are as follows: Building Technologies provides solutions for the non‑residential, residential, and repair‑and‑remodel construction markets. The business delivers integrated systems designed to support energy efficiency, durability, and comfort. Building Technologies solutions span the full building envelope and interior including TYVEK ® house wrap, STYROFOAM™ insulation, and CORIAN ® solid surface. Its products are designed to endure the full life of a structure: continuous insulation helps cut thermal leaks, wall systems reduce mold risk, and interior finishes are and flexible. These technologies enable customers to meet a range of performance requirements and regulatory demands across diverse construction applications. 9 Table of Contents Industrial Technologies specializes in the design and production of engineered components, systems, and process solutions used in critical OEM and operational applications across industrial end markets such as automotive, aerospace, printing, and packaging. The segment focuses on vehicles, enhancing safety and efficiency, and improving reliability, durability, and performance for vehicle, aircraft and industrial platforms. The product portfolio offers shapes and components, specialized lubrication systems, structural bonding solutions, and industrial printing plates for use in demanding production environments. Industrial Technologies offers a variety of brands, such as Vespel ® shapes and parts, MOLYKOTE ® specialty lubricants, BETAFORCE™ and BETASEAL™ structural adhesives, and Cyrel ® flexographic printing plates. These products help customers minimize downtime, improve product performance, and reduce the total cost of ownership in complex industrial applications. CORPORATE Corporate includes certain enterprise and governance activities including corporate overhead costs and support functions, leveraged services, aligned litigation expenses and other costs not absorbed by reportable segments. Corporate also includes DuPont's equity interest in Derby Holdings Group related to the Delrin ® Divestiture. The costs of the M&M Businesses, Aramids Business, and Electronics Business that are classified as discontinued operations include only direct operating expenses incurred by the businesses. Indirect costs, such as those related to corporate and shared service functions previously allocated to the M&M Businesses, Aramids Business, and Electronics Business, do not meet the criteria for discontinued operations and remain reported within continuing operations. A portion of these indirect costs include costs related to activities the Company will or continues to undertake of the M&M Divestitures, Aramids Divestiture, and Electronics Separation, and for which it is or will be reimbursed (“Future Reimbursable Indirect Costs”). Future Reimbursable Indirect Costs are reported within continuing operations in Corporate but are excluded from Operating EBITDA as defined below. The remaining portion of these indirect costs are not subject to future reimbursement (“Stranded Costs”). Stranded Costs are reported within continuing operations in Corporate and are included within Operating EBITDA. The Company's measure of profit/loss for segment reporting purposes is Operating EBITDA as this is the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") assesses performance and allocates resources. The Company defines Operating EBITDA as earnings (i.e., “Income from continuing operations before income taxes") before interest, depreciation, amortization, pension / other benefits (“OPEB”) / charges, and foreign exchange gains / losses, excluding future reimbursable indirect costs, remediation costs associated with divested businesses, and is adjusted for significant items. 10 Table of Contents INDUSTRY SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC REGION RESULTS See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for net sales by business or major product line. Sales by geographic region are included within Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", "Results of Operations." See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding total net sales and total assets by segment, as well as net sales and assets by geographic region. COMPETITION The markets in which the Company participates are served by a variety of competitors including multinational companies with significant sales, marketing, research, and financial capabilities, as well as regional companies. Within these markets, competition is driven by product innovation, technological advancement, sustainable practices, pricing strategies, customer services and a changing regulatory landscape. The Company provides its customers with extensive support and technical and testing services, in addition to new product development informed by specific industry technological, sustainability and regulatory needs and evolving customer demands. The Company believes that its proprietary product and process technologies, robust product and application development pipelines, brands, customer intimacy, global manufacturing capability, and local service capability help strengthen its competitive position and enable it to compete successfully. SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF MAJOR RAW MATERIALS The Company uses a wide variety of raw materials in the manufacturing of products. The prices of raw materials, including the price of energy, are driven by global supply and demand. In recent years, raw material prices and availability have been affected by worldwide economic conditions, including supply chain disruptions and inflationary cost pressures. The Company actively works to mitigate impacts of such conditions. DISTRIBUTION Most products are marketed primarily through the Company's sales organization, although for some product lines, more emphasis is placed on sales through distributors. The Company has a diverse worldwide network which markets and distributes the Company's brands to customers globally. This network consists of the Company's sales and marketing organization partnering with distributors, independent retailers, cooperatives and agents throughout the world. SEASONALITY Certain of the Company's sales are seasonal as construction market demand for North America in Building Technologies generally increases in the second and third fiscal quarters. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Company’s businesses differentially manage their respective intellectual property estates to support Company strategic priorities, which can include leveraging intellectual property within and across product lines. Trade Secrets: Trade secrets are an important part of the Company's intellectual property. Many of the processes used to make products are kept as trade secrets which, from time to time, may be licensed to third parties. DuPont vigilantly protects all of its intellectual property including its trade secrets. When the Company discovers that its trade secrets have been unlawfully taken, it reports the matter to governmental authorities for investigation and potential criminal action, as appropriate. In addition, the Company takes measures to mitigate any potential impact, which may include civil actions seeking redress, restitution and/or damages based on loss to the Company and/or unjust enrichment. Patents: The Company applies for and obtains patents in many countries, including the U.S., and has access to a large patent portfolio, both owned and licensed. DuPont’s rights under these patents and licenses, as well as the products made and sold under them, are important to the Company in the aggregate. The Company considers various intellectual property protections and strategic business priorities when deciding whether to apply for or maintain a patent. The protection afforded by patents varies based on country, scope of individual patent coverage, as well as the availability of legal remedies in each country and type of patent protection. The term of these patents is approximately twenty years from the filing date in general, but varies depending on country and type of patent protection. DuPont's patent estate may be leveraged to align with the Company’s strategic priorities within and across product lines. At December 31, 2025, the Company owned about 6,100 patents and patent applications globally, about 4,700 of which are associated with the Company's continuing operations. More than 70 percent of the Company’s patent estate associated with its continuing operations has a remaining term of more than 5 years. 11 Table of Contents Trademarks: The Company owns or licenses many trademarks that have significant recognition at the consumer retail level and/or the product line level. Ownership rights in trademarks do not expire if the trademarks are continued in use and properly protected. ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATORY MATTERS DuPont operates global manufacturing, product handling and distribution facilities that are subject to a broad array of environmental laws and regulations. For more information see: (1) Environmental Proceedings, (2) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, (3) Notes 1 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. HUMAN CAPITAL As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 15,000 people worldwide, approximately 1,700 of which are dedicated to the Aramids Business. Approximately 18 percent of employees were in Asia Pacific, 24 percent were in EMEA, 8 percent were in Latin America and 50 percent were in the U.S and Canada. Within the United States, about 4,000 employees were in or positions. DuPont believes that the ability to attract, motive and retain talent at all levels is fundamental to its success. The Company’s aim is to create an environment that fully supports the needs of its employees providing opportunity for financial and career growth, an inclusive and collegial experience and purpose in doing work that matters, through: Training and Professional Development The Company has prioritized learning and career development opportunities for leaders and all employees. The Company offers a wide set of training, education and development opportunities, both formally and informally, throughout the year. All employees take part in a mix of training and appropriate learning and training opportunities focusing on topics that are the most critical and relevant to each employee's job function. Employees have the freedom to create meaningful development plans, identify goals, and take steps to achieve them. The Company’s annual goal process asks employees to identify three key goals related to business contributions and one goal focused on . DuPont invests in leadership development. DuPont provides programming to equip leaders with the skills needed to support our employees through effective leadership. Annually, senior leadership identifies key talent based on performance, potential and aspiration to develop for advancement. Promoting a Respectful and Welcoming Culture The Company is committed to ensuring fair access to growth and fulfillment opportunities for its employees and to positively impacting communities in which it operates. In furtherance of these commitments, the Company supports several resource groups which are open to all employees. DuPont regularly gathers feedback from our employees and analyzes its progress. Annually, an engagement survey is conducted, which provides insight into employee morale and aspects of workplace culture like core values, commitment to ethical behavior, teamwork and employee development. Emphasizing the Importance of Health, Safety and DuPont employees have access to online health resources through the Company's global wellness provider to help them improve their overall , including a health assessment, healthy habit building and tracking, videos and content to reduce stress and increase resilience, nutrition guides, company wellness challenges, and financial wellness education. The Company provides Employee Assistance Program ("EAP") services to all employees globally and their immediate household members. All employees also have the support of the Company’s Health Services teams, which provides onsite and services to support and monitor the health and welfare of employees. The Company’s larger manufacturing and research sites have onsite clinics where employees can get occupational care, first aid treatment, travel vaccinations and referrals for medical care. The Company continuously strives for zero workplace injuries, occupational illnesses and incidents. The Company’s safety metrics are continually measured against this goal. Health Services also assesses health risks across DuPont to find out which health concerns are most important to the Company's employees, conducts medical surveillance exams based on occupational risks and regulatory compliance priorities flagged by DuPont’s Environmental, Health and Safety team. 12 Table of Contents AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company is subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Consequently, the Company is required to file reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including reports on the following forms: annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, from which the public may obtain any materials the Company files with the SEC. The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are also accessible on DuPont's website at http://www.investors.dupont.com by clicking on the section labeled "Investors", then on "Filings & Reports". These reports are made available, without charge, as soon as is reasonably practicable after the Company files or furnishes them electronically with the SEC. DuPont webcasts its quarterly earnings calls and certain events it participates in or hosts with members of the investment community under For Investors section, in the "About Us" section of the Company’s website. Additionally, DuPont provides notifications of news or announcements regarding its financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, news and earnings releases under For Investors . The Company has used, uses and intends to continue to use, its website as means of disclosing material information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC’s Regulation FD. Corporate governance information, including DuPont’s amended and restated charter, amended and restated bylaws, corporate governance guidelines, Board committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, is available under Corporate Governance in the "For Investors" section of the Company’s website. Information on DuPont’s sustainability strategy and related policies, programs, initiatives, goals and progress is available under Sustainability in the "About Us" section of its website. Nothing on the DuPont websites shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The contents of the Company’s websites, including those referenced above and elsewhere in this report, are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document DuPont has or in the future may file with the SEC, and any references to the Company’s websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company's operations could be affected by various risks, many of which are beyond its control. Based on current information, the Company believes that the following identifies the most material risk factors that could affect its operations. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Risks Relating to the Qnity Distribution, M&M Divestitures, N&B Transaction, the DWDP Distributions and the Aramids Divestiture If the Qnity Distribution, together with certain related transactions, including the cash distribution Qnity made to DuPont prior to the Qnity Distribution, were to fail to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then DuPont could be subject to significant tax liability. DuPont received an opinion of counsel as a condition to the Qnity Distribution, in form and substance acceptable to DuPont, substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Qnity Distribution along with certain related transactions will qualify for treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”, and such opinion, the “Tax Opinion”). The Tax Opinion relied on certain facts, assumptions, and undertakings, and certain representations from DuPont and Qnity, regarding the past and future conduct of each of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the Tax Opinion, the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could determine on audit that the Qnity Distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the Qnity Distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the Tax Opinion. If the Qnity Distribution and/or certain related transactions fail to qualify for treatment under U.S. federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, it is expected that DuPont could incur significant tax liabilities under U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law. Generally, corporate taxes resulting from the failure of the Qnity Distribution to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on DuPont. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2025, between DuPont and Qnity (the “Electronics Tax Matters Agreement”), the responsibility for such taxes may be allocated between DuPont and Qnity under certain circumstances and each of DuPont and Qnity may be obligated to indemnify the other against any such taxes imposed on it. To the extent that DuPont is responsible for any liability as a result of the failure of the Qnity Distribution and/or certain related transactions to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there could be a material adverse impact on DuPont’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in subsequent reporting periods. DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities if certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the completed divestiture of a majority of the Mobility & Materials business to Celanese and divestiture of the Delrin ® business to TJC (the “M&M Divestitures”), fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment. Prior to the closing of the M&M Divestitures, DuPont engaged in certain internal reorganization activities to separate into and to separately align the legal entities holding the M&M Business and the Delrin ® business for disposition. DuPont has recognized a tax liability pursuant to these reorganization activities related to the M&M Divestitures. However, if certain of these internal reorganization activities fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment under U.S. federal, state, local tax and/or foreign tax law, DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities. Pursuant to the Electronics Tax Matters Agreement, any such additional tax liabilities incurred by DuPont (if any) will be contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity generally based on their respective Applicable Percentage, as defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2025, between DuPont and Qnity (the “Electronics Separation and Distribution Agreement”). The Applicable Percentage for DuPont is 56 percent and for Qnity is 44 percent. The separation and combination of DuPont’s Nutrition & Biosciences business with IFF could result in a significant tax liability to DuPont. The distribution by DuPont to its stockholders of all the issued and outstanding shares of N&B through the Exchange Offer (“N&B Distribution”) and the merger of N&B with a subsidiary of IFF (“N&B Merger”) are expected to be to DuPont stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes (except to the extent that cash was paid to DuPont stockholders in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to the N&B Merger Agreement), and the N&B Contribution, defined below, N&B Distribution, and the payment from N&B to DuPont of approximately $7.3 billion (“Special Cash Payment”) are expected to result in no recognition of gain or loss by DuPont for U.S. federal income tax purposes. DuPont received an opinion of counsel and also obtained a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding certain matters impacting the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the separation and transfer by DuPont of its N&B Business (the “N&B Contribution”), N&B Distribution, Special Cash Payment and certain related transactions. The conclusions of the IRS private 14 Table of Contents letter ruling were based, among other things, on various factual assumptions DuPont authorized and representations DuPont made to the IRS. If any of those assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the IRS private letter ruling may be affected. If the N&B Contribution and N&B Distribution failed to qualify for the treatment described above, DuPont would be required to generally recognize a taxable gain on the transactions and stockholders of DuPont who receive N&B Common Stock (and subsequently, IFF Common Stock) would be subject to tax on their receipt of the N&B Common Stock. Additionally, if the Special Cash Payment or certain internal transactions related to the separation of the Nutrition & Biosciences business fail to qualify for their intended treatment under U.S. federal, state, local tax and/or foreign tax law, DuPont could incur additional tax liabilities. Pursuant to the Electronics Tax Matters Agreement, such additional tax liabilities described in the preceding two sentences (if any) will be contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity generally based on their respective Applicable Percentage. Under the Tax Matters Agreement by and among DuPont, N&B and IFF, N&B or IFF is generally required to indemnify DuPont for any taxes resulting from the separation of the Nutrition & Biosciences business (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) certain actions taken by N&B or IFF involving the capital stock of N&B or IFF or any assets of the N&B group (excluding actions required by the documents governing the proposed transactions), or (ii) any breach of certain representations and covenants made by N&B or IFF. DuPont is subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Dow and Corteva following the DWDP Distributions. After the DWDP Distributions, there are several significant areas where the liabilities of Dow and Corteva may become the Company’s obligations, either in whole or in part. For example, to the extent that any subsidiary of the Company was included in the consolidated tax reporting group of either TDCC or EIDP for any taxable period or portion of any taxable period ending on or before the effective date of the DWDP Merger, such subsidiary is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of the entire consolidated tax reporting group of TDCC or EIDP, as applicable, for such taxable period. In connection with the DWDP Distributions, DuPont, Dow and Corteva entered into a Tax Matters Agreement, as amended (the “DWDP Tax Matters Agreement”), that allocates the responsibility for prior period consolidated taxes among Dow, Corteva and DuPont. If Dow or Corteva are unable to pay any prior period taxes for which it is responsible; however, DuPont could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes, and such amounts could be significant. Other provisions of federal, state, local, or foreign law may establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing pension plans, as well as other contingent liabilities. Pursuant to the Electronics Tax Matters Agreement, any tax liabilities allocated to DuPont pursuant to the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement will be contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity generally based on their respective Applicable Percentage. In connection with the DWDP Distributions, certain liabilities are allocated to or retained by DuPont through assumption or indemnification of Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable. If DuPont is required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities to Dow and/or Corteva, DuPont may need to divert cash to meet those obligations, and the Company’s financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, certain liabilities are allocated to or retained by Dow and/or Corteva through assumption or indemnification, or subject to indemnification by other third parties. These indemnities may not be sufficient to insure the Company against the full amount of liabilities, including PFAS Stray Liabilities, allocated to or retained by it, and Dow, Corteva and/or third parties may not be able to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations in the future. Pursuant to the DWDP Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Employee Matters Agreement, effective as of April 1, 2019, among DuPont, Dow and Corteva, and the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement (collectively, the “Core DWDP Agreements”), as well as the Letter Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2019, between DuPont and Corteva (the “Letter Agreement”), DuPont has agreed to assume, and indemnify Dow and Corteva for, certain liabilities. Payments pursuant to these indemnities may be significant and could negatively impact the Company’s business. Third parties could also seek to hold DuPont responsible for any of the liabilities allocated to Dow and Corteva, including those related to EIDP’s materials science and/or agriculture businesses, or for the conduct of such businesses prior to the DWDP Distributions, and such third parties could seek damages, other monetary penalties (whether civil or criminal) and/or other remedies. Additionally, DuPont generally assumes and is responsible for the payment of the Company’s share of (i) certain liabilities of DowDuPont relating to, arising out of or resulting from certain general corporate matters of DuPont and (ii) certain separation expenses in connection with the DWDP Distributions not otherwise allocated to Corteva or Dow (or allocated specifically to it) pursuant to the Core DWDP Agreements, and third parties may seek to hold it responsible for Dow’s or Corteva’s share of any such liabilities. Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, have agreed to indemnify it for such liabilities; however, such indemnities may not be sufficient to protect it against the full amount of such liabilities or from other remedies, 15 Table of Contents and Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, may not be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. Even if DuPont ultimately succeeds in recovering from Dow and/or Corteva, as applicable, any amounts for which DuPont is held liable, DuPont may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Generally, as described in Litigation, Environmental Matters and Indemnifications in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, losses from liabilities related to discontinued and/or divested operations and businesses of EIDP that are not primarily related to its agriculture business or specialty products business (“Stray Liabilities”), are allocated to or shared by each of Corteva and DuPont. Stray Liabilities include liabilities arising out of actions to the extent related to or resulting from EIDP’s development, testing, manufacture or sale of per- or polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS Stray Liabilities”), that are not otherwise defended and indemnified by Chemours. At December 31, 2025, the Company has recorded an indemnification liability related to Stray Liabilities. The Company recognizes an indemnification liability when a loss is reasonably probable and can be reasonably estimated. While the Company has established processes and controls over the information to support its accounting for indemnification liabilities with each of Corteva and Dow, the Company is reliant on the accuracy, transparency, completeness and timeliness of information from the applicable party, either Corteva or Dow, that retains direct liability for the underlying matter. Estimating indemnified costs of environmental remediation and compliance activities is particularly difficult since such estimates are dependent on several factors, including the complexity of the geology; the nature of and activity at specific sites; the type of remedy; new and evolving analytical, operating and remediation technologies and techniques; agreed action plans; changes in environmental regulations; permissible levels of specific compounds in water, air or soil; enforcement theories and policies, including efforts to recover natural resource damages; the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties (“PRPs”) at sites; and the number of, and financial viability of, other PRPs. Considerable uncertainty exists with respect to environmental remediation costs and, under adverse changes in circumstances, the potential liability may be materially higher than our accruals. At December 31, 2025, the Company had recorded indemnification assets related to Stray Liabilities and other matters. There can be no assurance that any such third party would have adequate resources to satisfy its indemnification obligation when due, or, would not ultimately be successful in claiming defenses against payment. Even if recovery from the third party is ultimately successful, DuPont may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See discussion of the Core DWDP Agreements in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Litigation, Environmental Matters and Indemnifications in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. On January 22, 2021, DuPont, Corteva, EIDP and Chemours entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the “MOU”), setting forth a cost sharing arrangement related to future eligible PFAS costs. The Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected by litigation and other commitments and contingencies, including expected performance under and impact of the cost sharing arrangement. While the cost sharing arrangement under the MOU related to future PFAS eligible costs reduces uncertainty, the ultimate impact on the Company depends on a number of factors and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to: the achievement, terms and conditions of future agreements, if any, related to the cost sharing arrangement among the parties to the MOU; the outcome of any pending or future litigation related to PFAS or PFOA, including personal injury claims and natural resource damages claims; the extent and cost of ongoing remediation obligations and potential future remediation obligations, including under Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; changes in laws and regulations applicable to PFAS chemicals, changes in applicable health advisory levels and in chronic reference doses for PFAS in drinking water; the performance by each of the parties to the MOU of their respective obligations under the cost sharing arrangement. DuPont faces risks arising from various unasserted and asserted litigation matters, including product liability, patent infringement and other intellectual property disputes, contract and commercial litigation, claims for damage or personal injury, antitrust claims, governmental regulations and other actions. An adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could be material to the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the ordinary course of business, DuPont may make certain commitments, including representations, warranties and indemnities relating to current and past operations, including those related to divested businesses, and DuPont may issue guarantees of obligations. If DuPont is required to make payments as a result, they could exceed the amounts accrued therefor, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s results of operations. 16 Table of Contents In connection with the Qnity Distribution, certain liabilities are allocated to or retained by DuPont through assumption or indemnification of Qnity. If DuPont is required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities to Qnity, DuPont may need to divert cash to meet those obligations, and the Company’s financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, certain liabilities (including Qnity’s Applicable Percentage of any Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Electronics Separation and Distribution Agreement)) are allocated to or retained by Qnity through assumption or indemnification of DuPont. These indemnities may not be sufficient to insure the Company against the full amount of liabilities allocated to or retained by it, and Qnity may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. The Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected if Qnity cannot or does not perform such obligations. Pursuant to the Electronics Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Employee Matters Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2025, between DuPont and Qnity, and the Electronics Tax Matters Agreement (collectively, the “Core Electronics Agreements”), DuPont has agreed to assume, and indemnify Qnity for, certain liabilities. Payments pursuant to these indemnities may be significant and could negatively impact the Company’s business. Third parties could also seek to hold DuPont responsible for any of the liabilities allocated to Qnity pursuant to the Core Electronics Agreements and such third parties could seek damages, other monetary penalties (whether civil or criminal) and/or other remedies. Qnity has agreed to indemnify DuPont for such liabilities; however, such indemnities may not be sufficient to protect it against the full amount of such liabilities or from other remedies, and Qnity may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, the Electronics Separation and Distribution Agreement and that certain assignment agreement, effective as of November 1, 2025, between DuPont and Qnity (the “Legacy Liabilities Assignment Agreement”) provide that, among other things, each of DuPont and Qnity are responsible for their respective Applicable Percentage of certain legacy and other liabilities (including Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Corteva Letter Agreement), funding obligations of DuPont under the MOU, legacy PFAS liabilities and liabilities related to businesses and operations of DuPont that were previously discontinued or divested). However, there can be no assurance that Qnity would have adequate resources to satisfy its obligations in full when due under the Core Electronics Agreements or Legacy Liabilities Assignment Agreement. Even if ultimately satisfied in full, DuPont may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If the Corteva Distribution or the Dow Distribution, in each case, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then the Company could be subject to significant tax and indemnification liability. The completed DWDP Distributions were each conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion of counsel regarding the qualification of the applicable distribution along with certain related transactions as a transaction under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code (such opinions, the “DWDP Tax Opinions”). The DWDP Tax Opinions relied on certain facts, assumptions, and undertakings, and certain representations from the Company, Dow and Corteva, as applicable, as well as the IRS Ruling (as defined below). Notwithstanding the DWDP Tax Opinions and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that either, or both, of the DWDP Distributions and certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the DWDP Distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the DWDP Tax Opinions. Even if the Corteva Distribution or the Dow Distribution otherwise constituted a transaction to stockholders under Section 355 of the Code, the Company could be required to recognize corporate level tax on such distribution and certain related transactions under Section 355(e) of the Code if the IRS determines that, as a result of the DWDP Merger or other transactions considered part of a plan with such distribution, there was a 50 percent or greater change in ownership in the Company, Dow or Corteva, as relevant. In connection with the DWDP Merger, the Company sought and received a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding the proper time, manner and methodology for measuring common ownership in the stock of the Company, EIDP and TDCC for purposes of determining whether there was a 50 percent or greater change of ownership under Section 355(e) of the Code as a result of the DWDP Merger (the “IRS Ruling”). The DWDP Tax Opinions relied on the continued validity of the IRS Ruling and representations made by the Company as to the common ownership of the stock of TDCC and EIDP immediately prior to the DWDP Merger, and concluded that there was not a 50 percent or greater change of ownership for purposes of Section 355(e) as a result of the DWDP Merger. Notwithstanding the DWDP Tax Opinions and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine that the Corteva Distribution, the Dow Distribution or a related transaction should nevertheless be treated as a taxable transaction to the Company if it determines that any of the Company’s facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings was not correct or that the Corteva Distribution or the Dow Distribution should be taxable for 17 Table of Contents other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions in the DWDP Tax Opinions that are not covered by the IRS Ruling. Generally, corporate taxes resulting from the failure of a distribution to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on the Company. Under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, Dow and Corteva are generally obligated to indemnify the Company against any such taxes imposed on it. However, if the Corteva Distribution or the Dow Distribution fails to qualify for treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes for certain reasons relating to the overall structure of the DWDP Merger and the DWDP Distributions, then under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, the Company and Corteva, on the one hand, and Dow, on the other hand, would share the tax liability resulting from such failure in accordance with the relative equity values of the Company and Dow on the first full trading day following the Dow Distribution, and the Company and Corteva would in turn share any such resulting tax liability in accordance with the relative equity values of the Company and Corteva on the first full trading day following the Corteva Distribution. Furthermore, under the terms of the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, a party also generally will be responsible for any taxes imposed on the other parties that arise from the failure of either of the DWDP Distributions to qualify as for U.S. federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Section 355 of the Code or the failure of certain related transactions to qualify for treatment, to the extent such failure to qualify is attributable to actions, events or transactions relating to such party, or such party’s affiliates’, stock, assets or business, or any breach of such party’s representations made in connection with the IRS Ruling or in any representation letter provided to a tax advisor in connection with certain tax opinions, including the DWDP Tax Opinions, regarding the status of the DWDP Distributions and certain related transactions. To the extent that the Company is responsible for any liability under the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement, there could be a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future reporting periods. Pursuant to the Electronics Tax Matters Agreement, any tax liabilities allocated to DuPont pursuant to the DWDP Tax Matters Agreement will be contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity generally based on their respective Applicable Percentage. The timing and outcome of the Aramids Divestiture is subject to risk and uncertainties. The Aramids Divestiture is expected to close around the end of the first quarter 2026, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of regulatory approvals. Factors that could affect DuPont’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the Aramids Divesture include, but are not limited to: (i) the parties’ ability to meet expectations regarding the timing, completion (if at all), accounting and tax treatment of the proposed transaction, including (x) any failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to the proposed transaction, (y) the possibility that unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies that could impact the value, timing or pursuit of the proposed transaction, and (z) risks and costs and pursuit and/or implementation, timing and impacts to business operations of the separation of business lines in scope for the proposed transaction; and (ii) the impact of the Aramids Equity Consideration on DuPont’s results of operations. Risks Relating to DuPont’s Business and Results of Operations Supply chain and operational disruptions, including those that affect the Company's customers and suppliers, could significantly increase costs and expenses, adversely impact the Company’s sales and earnings and impact access to sources of liquidity. DuPont’s operations require the continued availability of energy and raw materials and rely on suppliers, contract manufacturers and service providers. The Company’s supply chains are complex and extend across multiple countries in all regions of the world, and, therefore, are subject to global economic and geopolitical dynamics and risks. Supply chain and operational disruptions, plant and/or power outages, labor shortages and/or strikes, activity, weather events and natural disasters, manmade disasters, perceived or actual global health risks or pandemics, governmental, legislative or regulatory actions, or other business continuity events, could adversely affect the Company's operations as well as the operations of its customers and suppliers. Depending on the length and severity of disruption, DuPont's ability to meet demand and its commitments to customers and suppliers; and access the liquidity markets could be seriously impacted and adversely affect the Company's operating profit or cash flows. In addition, the Company’s suppliers may experience capacity limitations in their own operations or may elect to reduce or eliminate certain product lines. To address this risk, generally, the Company seeks to have many sources of supply for key raw materials in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. In addition, and where the supply market for key raw materials is concentrated, DuPont takes additional steps to manage its exposure to supply chain risk and price fluctuations through, among other things, negotiated contracts some which include minimum purchase obligations. However, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials. 18 Table of Contents DuPont takes actions to offset the effects of higher energy and raw material costs, which are subject to global supply and demand and other factors beyond the Company's control, through selling price increases, productivity improvements and cost reduction programs. Success in offsetting higher raw material costs with price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the market served. As a result, volatility in these costs may negatively impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. DuPont’s financial results may be materially and adversely impacted by a variety of factors that have not yet been determined, including potential impairments of goodwill and other assets. DuPont, when necessary, will take actions, including reducing costs, restructuring actions, and delaying certain capital expenditures and spend. In addition, the Company may consider reductions in force or furloughing operations in response to declines in demand and/or supply chain disruptions. There can be no guarantee that such actions would significantly mitigate the impact on the company’s business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity or financial condition and the Company may experience materially adverse impacts to its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as a result of related global economic impacts, including inflationary pressures that have occurred and may continue to occur in the future. DuPont may not realize the anticipated benefits of current or future share repurchase authorizations and any failure to repurchase the Company’s common stock after DuPont has announced its intention to do so may negatively impact the Company’s stock price. Under the $2B Authorization approved in the fourth quarter 2025 or any future share repurchase authorizations, DuPont may make share repurchases through a variety of methods, including open share market purchases or privately negotiated transactions off market, including additional ASR agreements in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will depend on factors such as the stock price, economic and market conditions, and corporate and regulatory requirements. Any failure to repurchase shares after the Company has announced its intention to do so may negatively impact DuPont’s reputation, investor confidence and the price of the Company’s common stock. In November 2025, DuPont entered a $500 million ASR transaction under the $2B Authorization. See Liquidity & Capital Resources for more information regarding the $500 million ASR transaction. The existence of share repurchase authorization(s) could cause the price of the Company’s common stock to be higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for DuPont stock. Although these programs are intended to enhance stockholder value, there is no assurance they will do so because the market price of DuPont common stock may decline below the levels at which DuPont repurchased shares and stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of the programs. Repurchasing common stock will reduce the amount of cash DuPont has available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities and other general corporate requirements, and the Company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these share repurchase programs. The Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected by interruption or regulation of the Company’s information technology or network systems and storage of information and other business disruptions. DuPont relies on centralized and local information technology and physical networks and systems, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to otherwise manage or support its business. Additionally, the Company collects, stores, processes, uses and has access to certain data, including proprietary business and personal information or data that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, orders and controls or rules imposed by customer or other contracts. The processing and storage of personal information is increasingly subject to privacy and data security regulations, and many such regulations are country- or . The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, Asia Pacific, Latin America and elsewhere are continuing to evolve and may be different across these jurisdictions. The Company seeks to implement these requirements in a compliant manner. Violations of these laws or standards could result in criminal or civil sanctions, investigations, or enforcement actions. Even the mere allegation of such violations could harm the Company’s ability to do business, its results of operations, financial position and reputation. Information technology system and/or network disruptions, whether caused by acts of sabotage, employee error, malfeasance or other actions, could have an adverse impact on the Company’s operations as well as the operations of the Company’s customers and suppliers. Other business disruptions may also be caused by security breaches, which could include, for example, attacks on information technology and infrastructure by hackers, viruses, breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other actions or other disruptions. DuPont and/or the Company’s suppliers may fail to effectively prevent, detect and recover from these or other security breaches and, therefore, such breaches could result in misuse of the Company’s assets, loss of property including trade secrets and confidential or personal information, some of which is subject to privacy and security laws, and other business 19 Table of Contents disruptions. As a result, DuPont may be subject to legal claims or proceedings, reporting errors, processing inefficiencies, negative media attention, loss of sales, interference with regulatory compliance which could result in sanctions or penalties, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in the Company’s operations, and damage to the Company’s reputation, which could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Like other major corporations, DuPont is the target of , from time to time, which include phishing, spam emails, hacking, social engineering, industrial espionage and malicious software. DuPont has determined that these attacks have resulted, and could result in the future, in unauthorized parties gaining access to certain confidential business information. However, risks from previous cybersecurity incidents have not materially affected the Company, including its strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Although, there can be no assurance that DuPont will not suffer such losses in the future. DuPont has engaged and expects to continue to engage in merger and acquisition activity. As part of preparatory and integration activities, the Company: (i) conducts a cybersecurity risk threat assessment and when evidence of a breach is uncovered, conducts additional due diligence; (ii) based on the assessment, the Company develops and implements risk mitigation plans if needed and brings the acquisition under the Company’s /breach detection and response programs; and (iii) conducts an internal controls risk and compliance assessment and creates, as needed, responsive action plans intended to mitigate and remediate identified weaknesses in the control environment. DuPont seeks to actively manage the risks within the Company’s control that could lead to business disruptions and security breaches. As these threats continue to evolve, particularly around cybersecurity, DuPont may be required to expend significant resources to enhance the Company’s control environment, processes, practices and other protective measures. Despite these efforts, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Enforcing the Company’s intellectual property rights, or defending against intellectual property claims asserted by others, could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, and confidential information, trademarks, tradenames and trade dress, are important to the Company’s business. DuPont endeavors to protect the Company’s business, products and processes by obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights under the intellectual property laws of certain jurisdictions around the world. However, DuPont may be unable to obtain or enforce its intellectual property rights in key jurisdictions for various reasons including government policies and regulations, and changes in such policies and regulations, including changes made in reaction to pressure from organizations, or the public generally, which could impact the extent of intellectual property protection afforded by such jurisdictions. DuPont has designed and implemented internal controls intended to restrict access to and unauthorized use of the Company’s confidential information and trade secrets. Despite these precautions, the Company’s confidential information and trade secrets are vulnerable to unauthorized access and use through employee error or actions, theft by employees or third parties, cybersecurity incidents and other security breaches. When unauthorized access and use is discovered, DuPont considers the matter for report to governmental authorities for investigation, as appropriate, and takes measures intended to stop and contain unauthorized access and to mitigate any potential impact which may include civil actions seeking redress, and/or damages based on loss to the Company and/or unjust enrichment. Third parties may also claim the Company’s products violate their intellectual property rights. Defending such claims, even those without merit, is and expensive. In addition, as a result of such claims, DuPont has and could be required in the future to enter into license agreements, develop products or engage in litigation that could be costly. If challenges are resolved adversely, it could negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain licenses on competitive terms, commercialize new products and generate sales from existing products. Any one or more of the above factors could significantly affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. An impairment of goodwill or intangible assets could negatively impact the Company’s financial results. In connection with completed acquisitions, DuPont has recorded goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet. As a result of the DWDP Merger and related acquisition method of accounting, EIDP’s assets and liabilities were remeasured and DowDuPont recognized them at fair value. Since certain of the Company’s assets at December 31, 2025 are heritage EIDP or were subsequently acquired, declines, if any, in projected cash flows could have a material, negative impact on the fair value of the Company’s reporting units and assets. Refer to Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding future impairment risk for the Protection reporting unit. 20 Table of Contents In accordance with US GAAP, at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are identified, DuPont must assess both goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. Intangible assets with finite lives are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. If testing indicates that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, their carrying values will be written down based on fair values with a charge against earnings. Where DuPont utilizes discounted cash flow methodologies in determining fair values, significant negative industry or economic trends and forecasts (including projected revenue growth, EBITDA, capital expenditures, weighted average cost of capital, terminal growth rates, and the tax rates), disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant change or planned changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of the Company’s business, divestitures, market capitalization declines or increases in associated discount rates may impair our goodwill and other intangible assets. When DuPont utilizes the market approach in determining fair values, adverse changes in projected EBITDA and derived multiples from comparable market transactions may impair our goodwill. Accordingly, any determination requiring the of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could negatively impact the Company’s results of operations. Failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, alliances and other portfolio actions could adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. DuPont has stated that it will actively manage its portfolio and continually evaluate opportunities to optimize its mix of businesses to align with its growth objectives. At times, DuPont may engage in M&A activities including reviewing acquisition opportunities, responding to incoming inquiries, and evaluating strategic alternatives for its businesses. These activities may or may not result in a transaction. If DuPont is unable to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, DuPont could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including any expected increases in revenues and operating results, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial results. DuPont expects to continually review the Company’s portfolio of assets for contributions to the Company’s objectives and alignment with the Company’s growth strategy. The Letter Agreement limits DuPont’s ability to separate certain businesses and assets to third parties without assigning certain of its indemnification obligations under the DWDP Separation and Distribution Agreement to the transferee of such businesses and assets or meeting certain other alternative conditions. Following the Qnity Distribution, the Minimum EBITDA (as defined in the Letter Agreement) in respect of DuPont is reset at $1.4 billion. DuPont may be unable to meet the conditions under the Letter Agreement, if applicable. Even if the conditions under the Letter Agreement are met or are not applicable, DuPont may not be successful in separating underperforming or assets, and gains or losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may affect the Company’s earnings. Moreover, DuPont might incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce the Company’s earnings. In addition, if the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful and/or the Company fails to effectively manage its cost as its portfolio evolves, it could adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure to maintain a streamlined operating model and sustain operational improvements may reduce the Company’s profitability or adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The Company’s profitability and margin growth will depend in part on the Company’s ability to maintain a streamlined operating model and drive sustainable improvements, through among other actions, leveraging technology, as well as artificial intelligence and machine learning (“AI”) and consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to regions and product line rationalizations. A variety of factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to realize the targeted cost synergies, including failure to successfully optimize the Company’s facilities footprint, the failure to take advantage of the Company’s global supply chain, the failure to identify and eliminate duplicative programs. There can be no assurance that DuPont will be able to achieve or sustain any or all of the cost savings generated from restructuring actions. The Company’s results are affected by its ability to foresee and respond to competitive conditions and customer preferences. Demand for the Company’s products, which impacts revenue and profit margins, is affected by (i) the development and timing of the introduction of competitive products; (ii) the Company’s response to downward pricing trends to stay competitive; (iii) changes in customer preferences, order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases which may be affected by announced price changes and other factors outside of the Company’s control; (iv) availability and cost of raw materials and energy, as well as the Company’s ability and success in passing through increases in such costs; (v) levels of economic growth in the geographic and end use markets served by the Company; (vi) changes in buying patterns thought to be temporary destocking could be indicative of loss of market share and (vii) the in digital transformation, connectivity, automation and ethics, environmental impact and sustainability driven purchasing decisions. 21 Table of Contents Demand for product offerings that customers, end users, or other stakeholders across the healthcare, water, construction, and industrial markets, determine support their respective business and/or ma

[truncated]