Consolidated Income Tax Expense ($ in millions) 2026 2025 Income tax expense $ (181) $ (135) Effective tax rate 14.1 % 20.8 % Income tax expense increased by $46 million, or 34%, in fiscal year 2026, compared to fiscal year 2025, primarily due to higher earnings driven by the Merger. The lower effective tax rate for fiscal year 2026 versus fiscal year 2025 is largely attributable to favorable adjustments recorded as current year discrete items identified upon completion of prior year income tax returns, movements in deferred tax positions including releases of valuation allowances, and changes in unrecognized tax benefits which are partially offset by expenses related to the Merger. 37 Presentation of Information This Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to financial measures: adjusted earnings before interest and taxes ("Adjusted EBIT"), earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT"), adjusted net income, and net debt. Such measures have not been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). These financial measures adjust for factors that are unusual or unpredictable. These measures exclude the impact of certain amounts related to the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, acquisitions, and restructuring, including costs, equipment relocation costs, accelerated depreciation, and the of equipment. These measures also exclude gains or losses on sales of significant property and divestitures, significant property and other impairments, net of insurance recovery, certain regulatory and litigation matters, significant pension settlements, impairments in goodwill and equity method investments, and certain acquisition-related expenses, including , transaction, and integration expenses, due diligence expenses, professional and legal fees, purchase accounting adjustments for inventory, order backlog, intangible amortization, changes in the fair value of contingent acquisition payments and economic hedging instruments on commercial paper, executive transition costs, and impacts related to the conflict. Note that while amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded from adjusted financial measures, the revenue of the acquired entities and all other expenses unless otherwise stated, are reflected in Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income and the acquired assets contribute to revenue generation. This adjusted information should not be construed as an alternative to results determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We use the measures to evaluate operating performance and believe that these measures are useful to enable investors and other external parties to perform comparisons of our current and historical performance. A reconciliation of reported net income attributable to Amcor plc to Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 is as follows: Years ended June 30, ($ in millions) 2026 2025 2024 Net income attributable to Amcor plc, as reported $ 1,106 $ 511 $ 730 Add: Net income attributable to interests — 7 10 Net income 1,106 518 740 Add: Income tax expense 181 135 163 Add: Interest expense 676 396 348 Less: Interest income (66) (49) (38) EBIT 1,897 1,000 1,213 Add: Amortization of acquired intangible assets from business combinations (1) 558 246 167 Add: Impact of hyperinflation (2) 19 16 53 Add: Transaction costs (3) 32 169 — Add: Restructuring, integration and related expenses, net (4) 266 97 97 Add: Executive transition costs (5) 15 — 8 Add/(Less): Inventory amortization (6) (6) 133 — Add: Accelerated compensation (7) — 41 — Add: Portfolio review expenses (8) 22 — — Add: Other (9) 10 21 22 Adjusted EBIT 2,813 1,723 1,560 Less: Interest expense (676) (396) (348) Add: Adjustments to interest expense (10) 29 15 — Less: Income tax expense (181) (135) (163) Less: Adjustments to income tax expense (11) (188) (113) (62) Add: Interest income 66 49 38 Less: Net income attributable to interests — (7) (10) Adjusted net income $ 1,863 $ 1,136 $ 1,015 38 (1) Amortization of acquired intangible assets from business combinations includes amortization expense related to all acquired intangible assets from past acquisitions. (2) Impact of hyperinflation includes the adverse impact of highly inflationary accounting for subsidiaries in Argentina where the functional currency was the Argentine Peso. (3) Transaction costs includes incremental costs related to the Merger and other strategic activities. Refer to Note 5, "Restructuring, Transaction, and Integration Expenses, Net". (4) Restructuring, integration and related activities, net in fiscal year 2026 primarily includes costs incurred in connection with the Berry Plan. Fiscal year 2025 primarily includes costs incurred in connection with the 2023 Restructuring Plan and the Berry Plan. Fiscal year 2024 primarily includes costs incurred in connection with the 2023 Restructuring Plan. Refer to Note 6, "Restructuring," for further information. (5) Executive transition costs in fiscal year 2026 reflect accelerated compensation, including compensation, granted to the Company's former executives, and other transition related expenses. Fiscal year 2024 includes expenses incurred in connection with the retirement Chief Executive Officer who retired from that role in April 2024, and other transition related expenses. (6) Inventory amortization relates to additional amortization incurred on inventories in connection with the Merger. (7) Accelerated compensation includes accelerated compensation expense and severance incurred in connection with the Merger. (8) Portfolio review expenses includes impairment and other incremental expenses incurred in connection with the strategic review of the Company's portfolio alternatives. (9) Other in fiscal year 2026 includes various expense and income items, primarily relating to pension settlements and related excise taxes of $26 million, professional fees of $12 million, legal related fees of $12 million and other individually immaterial expense items, partially offset by an aggregate gain on sale of certain businesses of $56 million (refer to Note 4, "Acquisitions and Divestitures"). Fiscal year 2025 includes various expense and income items primarily relating to pension settlements of $12 million and other minor items primarily including litigation fees and a loss on disposal of a business. These expenses were partially offset by a gain on the disposal of Bericap of $15 million (refer to Note 4, "Acquisitions and Divestitures"). Fiscal year 2024 includes fair value losses of $16 million on economic hedges, retroactive foil duties, certain litigation reserve adjustments, and pension settlements, partially offset by changes in contingent purchase consideration. (10) Adjustments to interest expense for fiscal year 2026 and 2025 includes amortization of the fair value adjustment to short term debt acquired in connection with the Merger. Refer to Note 4, "Acquisitions and Divestitures". (11) Net tax impact on items (1) through (10) above. Reconciliation of Net Debt A reconciliation of total debt to net debt at June 30, 2026 and 2025 is as follows: ($ in millions) June 30, 2026 June 30, 2025 Current portion of debt $ 15 $ 141 debt 135 116 debt, less current portion 13,862 13,841 Total debt 14,012 14,098 Less cash and cash equivalents (1,115) (827) Net debt $ 12,897 $ 13,271 39 Supplemental Guarantor Information Amcor plc, along with certain subsidiary guarantors, guarantee the following senior notes issued by the subsidiaries, Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. (“Amcor Flexibles North America”), Amcor UK Finance plc (“Amcor UK”), Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. (“AFUI”), Amcor Group Finance plc (“AGF”), and Berry Global, Inc. (“Berry Global”). Notes Guaranteed by the Obligor Group companies (as defined below): • $300 million, 3.100% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2026 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $500 million, 4.500% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2028 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $725 million, 4.800% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2028 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $750 million, 4.250% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $500 million, 2.630% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2030 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $725 million, 5.100% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2030 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $800 million, 2.690% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2031 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $750 million, 5.500% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2035 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $750 million, 5.125% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2036 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • €500 million, 1.125% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2027 of Amcor UK Finance plc • €750 million, 3.200% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 of Amcor UK Finance plc • €500 million, 3.950% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2032 of Amcor UK Finance plc • €750 million, 3.750% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2033 of Amcor UK Finance plc • $500 million, 5.625% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2033 of Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. • $500 million, 5.450% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 of Amcor Group Finance plc • $400 million, 1.650% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027 of Berry Global, Inc. (1) • $500 million, 5.500% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028 of Berry Global, Inc. (1) • $800 million, 5.800% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2031 of Berry Global, Inc. (1) • $800 million, 5.650% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2034 of Berry Global, Inc. (1) (1) On April 30, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Merger and Amcor plc’s consent solicitations from the holders of the 1.650% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, 5.500% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028, 5.800% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2031, and 5.650% First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2034 issued by Berry ("Consent Solicitation Notes"), Amcor plc provided a guarantee of each series of Consent Solicitation Notes and, as a result, among other things, the liens on all of the collateral of Berry granted to secure each such series of Consent Solicitation Notes were released. The below table summarizes the composition of the Obligor Group: Entity Incorporated in Amcor Plc (ultimate parent entity) Jersey Subsidiary guarantors: Amcor Flexibles North America Missouri, USA Amcor UK United Kingdom AIUK United Kingdom AFUI Delaware, USA AGF United Kingdom Berry Global Delaware, USA All guarantors fully, unconditionally, and irrevocably guarantee, on a joint and several basis, to each holder of the notes of each series, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and any premium and interest on, such notes and all other amounts payable, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at stated maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the terms of the notes and related indenture. The obligations of the applicable guarantors under their guarantees will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose, or similar laws) under applicable law. The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the guarantors and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt of each guarantor. None of our 40 other subsidiaries guarantee such notes. The issuers and guarantors conduct large parts of their operations through other subsidiaries of Amcor plc. Insolvency proceedings with respect to the issuers and guarantors could proceed under, and be governed by, among others, Jersey, United States, or English insolvency law, as the case may be, if either issuer or any guarantor defaults on its obligations under the applicable notes or guarantees, respectively. Set forth below is the summarized financial information of the Obligor Group: Basis of Preparation The following summarized financial information is presented for the parent, issuer, and guarantor subsidiaries ("Obligor Group") on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between entities in each Obligor Group and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a . This information is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the combined group of companies in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Statement of Income for Obligor Group ($ in millions) For the year ended June 30, 2026 Obligor Group Net sales - external $ 1,804 Net sales - to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 11 Total net sales $ 1,815 Gross profit 390 Net loss (1) $ (5,504) Net income attributable to interests — Net loss attributable to Obligor Group $ (5,504) (1) Includes a loss relating to an internal restructuring. Balance Sheet for Obligor Group ($ in millions) As of June 30, 2026 Obligor Group Assets Current assets - external $ 3,886 Current assets - due from subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 272 Total current assets 4,158 assets - external 3,196 assets - due from subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 14,886 Total assets 18,082 Total assets $ 22,240 Liabilities Current liabilities - external $ 6,661 Current liabilities - due to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 68 Total current liabilities 6,729 liabilities - external 14,821 liabilities - due to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group (1) 9,277 Total liabilities 24,098 Total liabilities $ 30,827 (1) Includes unsettled cash pooling arrangement received by the obligor group on behalf of subsidiaries outside of the obligor group. 41 Liquidity and Capital Resources We finance our business primarily through cash flows provided by operating activities, borrowings from banks, and proceeds from issuances of debt and equity. We periodically review our capital structure and liquidity position in light of market conditions, expected future cash flows, potential funding requirements for debt refinancing, capital expenditures and acquisitions, the cost of capital, sensitivity analyses reflecting downside scenarios, the impact on our financial metrics and credit ratings, and our ease of access to funding sources. We believe that our cash flows provided by operating activities, together with borrowings available under our credit facilities and access to the commercial paper market, backstopped by our bank debt facilities, will continue to provide sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and other commitments, including dividends and purchases of our ordinary shares and CHESS Depositary Instruments under authorized share repurchase programs, if any, into the foreseeable future. Overview Year Ended June 30, ($ in millions) 2026 2025 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 2,151 $ 1,390 Net cash used in investing activities (524) (2,102) Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities (1,343) 910 Cash Flow Overview Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $761 million in fiscal year 2026, compared to fiscal year 2025. The change is primarily driven by higher net income, adjusted for items, partially offset by higher working capital outflows in the current period. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $1,578 million in fiscal year 2026, compared to fiscal year 2025. The change is primarily driven by higher cash outflows from purchases of property, plant, and equipment, offset by proceeds received from the sale of businesses during the current period and lower cash outflows related to the Merger during the prior period. Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Financing Activities Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities changed by $2,253 million in fiscal year 2026, compared to fiscal year 2025. The change is primarily driven by higher net debt issuances in the prior period and higher dividend payments in the current period. Net Debt We borrow from financial institutions and debt investors in the form of bank overdrafts, bank loans, corporate bonds, unsecured notes, and commercial paper. We have a mixture of fixed and floating interest rates and use interest rate swaps to provide further flexibility in managing the interest cost of borrowings. On November 12, 2025, the Company issued additional guaranteed senior euro notes in an aggregate principal amount of €1.5 billion (collectively, the “Notes”). The Notes consist of (i) €750 million principal amount of 3.20% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 and (ii) €750 million principal amount of 3.75% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2033. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations and are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. On January 15, 2026, the Company completed the redemption of its 1.57% First Priority Senior Secured Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1,525 million. 42 On March 5, 2026, the Company issued additional guaranteed senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion (collectively, the “March Notes”). The March Notes consist of (i) $750 million principal amount of 4.25% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 and (ii) $750 million principal amount of 5.125% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2036. The March Notes are senior unsecured obligations and are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. On April 15, 2026, the Company completed the early redemption of its 4.875% First Priority Senior Secured Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $750 million, originally scheduled to mature in July 2026. The Company incurred approximately $9 million of interest payments related to the early redemption of debt in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2026. On April 28, 2026, the Company completed the redemption of its 3.625% First Priority Senior Secured Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $600 million. debt consists of bank debt with a duration of less than 12 months and bank overdrafts which are classified as current due to the nature of the borrowings, except where we have the ability and intent to refinance and as such extend the debt beyond 12 months. The current portion of debt consists of debt amounts repayable within a year after the balance sheet date. Our primary bank debt facilities and notes are unsecured and subject to negative pledge arrangements limiting the amount of secured indebtedness incurred outside the guarantor group as well as the secured indebtedness we can incur to an aggregate of 15.0% of our total tangible assets, subject to some exceptions and variations by facility. In addition, the covenants of the bank debt facility require us to maintain a leverage ratio not higher than 3.9 times, stepping up to 4.25 times for the twelve consecutive calendar months following the consummation of an acquisition with aggregate consideration in excess of $375 million. The negative pledge arrangements and the financial covenants are defined in the related debt agreements. As of June 30, 2026, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under our bank debt facilities. Our net debt as of June 30, 2026, and June 30, 2025 was $12.9 billion and $13.3 billion, respectively. Debt Facilities and Refinancing As of June 30, 2026, the revolving senior bank debt facility had an aggregate limit of $3.75 billion, of which $1.29 billion had been drawn, resulting in an undrawn credit facility available of $2.46 billion. Our senior facility is available to fund working capital, growth capital expenditures, and refinancing obligations. Subject to certain conditions, we can request the total commitment level to be increased by up to $1.0 billion. For further information, refer to Note 14, "Debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements. Dividend Payments In fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, we paid $1,195 million, $845 million, and $722 million, respectively, in dividends. The dividend per share, adjusted for the Reverse Split, has increased in each of the years. Credit Rating Our capital structure and financial practices have earned us investment grade credit ratings from three internationally recognized credit rating agencies. These investment grade credit ratings are important to our ability to issue debt at favorable rates of interest, for various terms, and from a diverse range of markets that are highly liquid, including European and U.S. debt capital markets, and from global financial institutions. Share Repurchases During fiscal year 2026, the Company did not maintain a share repurchase program. We had cash outflows of $29 million, $47 million, and $48 million for the purchase of our shares in the open market during fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively, as treasury shares to satisfy the vesting and exercises of compensation awards. As of June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, we held treasury shares at a cost of $16 million, $6 million, and $11 million, representing 0.4 million, 0.1 million, and 0.2 million shares, respectively. Material Cash Requirements 43 Our material cash requirements for future periods from known contractual obligations are included below. We expect to fund these cash requirements primarily through cash flows provided by operating activities, borrowings from banks, and proceeds from issuances of debt and equity. These amounts reflect material cash requirements for which we are contractually committed. • Debt obligations and interest payments: Refer to Note 14, “Debt” of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our debt obligations and interest payments and the related timing of these expected payments. • Operating and finance leases: Refer to Note 15, “Leases” of the notes to consolidated financial statements for information about our lease obligations and the related timing of the expected payments. • Employee benefit plan obligations: Refer to Note 13, “Defined Benefit Plans” of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our employee benefit plan obligations and the related timing of the expected payments. • Capital expenditures: As of June 30, 2026, we have $216 million in committed capital expenditures for fiscal year ending June 30, 2027. • Other purchase obligations: Amcor has other purchase obligations, including commitments to purchase a specified minimum amount of goods, inclusive of raw materials, utilities, and other. These obligations are legally binding and . Where we are unable to determine the periods in which these obligations could be payable under these contracts, we present the cash requirement in the earliest period in which the minimum obligation could be payable. The estimated future cash outlays are approximately $1.2 billion, $260 million, $190 million, $80 million, and $10 million in years ending June 30, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, and 2031, respectively. Sheet Arrangements Other than as described under "Material Cash Requirements", we had no significant sheet contractual obligations or other commitments as of June 30, 2026. Liquidity Risk and Outlook Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that we might encounter difficulty in settling our debts or otherwise meeting our obligations related to financial liabilities. We manage liquidity risk centrally and such management involves maintaining available funding and ensuring that we have access to an adequate amount of committed credit facilities. Due to the dynamic nature of our business, the aim is to maintain flexibility within our funding structure through the use of bank overdrafts, bank loans, corporate bonds, unsecured notes, and commercial paper. The following guidelines are used to manage our liquidity risk: • maintaining undrawn committed liquidity that can be drawn at short notice to cover operational requirements; • regularly performing a comprehensive analysis of all cash inflows and outflows in relation to operational, investing, and financing activities; • generally using tradable instruments only in highly liquid markets; • maintaining a credit investment grade rating with reputable independent rating agencies; • managing credit risk related to financial assets; • monitoring the duration of debt; • only investing surplus cash with major financial institutions or well diversified money market funds; and • to the extent practicable, spreading the maturity dates of debt facilities. As of June 30, 2026, and 2025, an aggregate principal amount of $1.29 billion and $1.70 billion, respectively, was drawn under commercial paper programs. However, such programs are backstopped by committed bank syndicated loan facilities maturing in March 2030, with options to extend, under which we had $2.46 billion in unused capacity remaining as of June 30, 2026. We expect future funding needs to primarily relate to refinancing and servicing our outstanding financial liabilities maturing as outlined above and to finance our capital expenditure and payments for acquisitions that may be completed. We expect to continue to fund our business needs on the same basis as in the past, i.e., partially through the cash flow provided by operating activities available to the business and management of the capital of the business, in particular through issuance of commercial paper and debt securities on a regular basis. We decide on discretionary growth capital expenditures and acquisitions individually based on, among other factors, the return on investment after related financing costs and the payback period of required upfront cash investments in light of our liquidity planning 44 covering a period of four years post the current fiscal year. Our access to liquidity depends on both our results of operations and on the availability of funding in financial markets. 45 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to retirement benefits, intangible assets, goodwill, and expected future performance of operations. Our estimates and judgments are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following are critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The critical accounting estimates discussed below should be read together with our significant accounting policies in Note 2, “Significant Accounting Policies,” of the notes to consolidated financial statements. Business Combinations We record business combinations resulting in the consolidation of an enterprise using the acquisition method of accounting. We recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any interests in an acquired business at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the consideration transferred, also measured at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. We use all available information to estimate fair values and typically engage outside appraisal firms to assist in the fair value determination for significant acquisitions. The fair value measurements are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of marketplace participants. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected cash flows from customer relationships, acquired developed technology, corporate trade name and brand names; the period of time we expect to use the acquired intangible asset; and discount rates. In estimating the future cash flows, we consider demand, competition, other economic factors and actuarial assumptions for defined benefit plans. We utilize common valuation techniques such as discounted cash flows and market approaches, including the method to value acquired developed technology, trade names and brand names. Customer relationships are valued using the cost approach or an income approach such as the excess earnings method. We believe our estimates to be based on assumptions that are reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates, which could result in impairment charges in the future. In connection with a given business acquisition, we may identify contingencies as of the acquisition date and may extend our review and evaluation of these contingencies throughout the measurement period in order to obtain sufficient information to assess whether we include these contingencies as part of the fair value estimates acquired and liabilities assumed and, if so, to determine the estimated amounts. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions and related valuation allowances assumed in a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We reevaluate these items quarterly based on facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill if identified within the measurement period. We account for costs to exit or restructure certain activities of an acquired company separately from the business acquisition. A liability for costs associated with an exit or disposal activity is recognized and measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of income in the period in which the liability is incurred. Pensions The majority of our principal defined benefit plans are closed to new entrants. The accounting for defined benefit pension plans requires us to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plans on our balance sheet. A significant portion of our pension amounts relates to our defined benefit plans in the United States, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and Germany. The net periodic pension cost recorded in fiscal year 2026 was $31 million, compared to net periodic 46 pension cost of $32 million in fiscal year 2025 and $12 million in fiscal year 2024. We expect our net periodic pension cost before the effect of income taxes for the next twelve months to be approximately $15 million. For our sponsored plans, the relevant accounting guidance requires management to make certain assumptions relating to the rate of return on plan assets, discount rates used to determine the present value of future obligations and expenses, salary inflation rates, mortality rates, and other assumptions. We believe the accounting estimates related to our pension plans are critical accounting estimates because they are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions, and contractual benefit changes. The selection of assumptions is based on historical trends, known economic and market conditions at the time of valuation, and independent studies of trends performed by our actuaries. However, actual results may differ substantially from the estimates that were based on the critical assumptions. The difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation of a pension plan must be recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as an asset, in the case of an overfunded plan, or as a liability, in the case of an underfunded plan. Gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise but are not recognized as components of pension cost are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income/(loss). Pension plan liabilities are revalued annually, or when an event occurs that requires remeasurement, based on updated assumptions and information about the individuals covered by the plan. Accumulated actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10 percent corridor and the prior service cost are amortized on a basis from the date recognized over the average remaining service period of active participants or over the average life expectancy for plans with significant inactive participants. We review annually the discount rates used to calculate the present value of pension plan liabilities. The discount rates used at each measurement date are determined based on a corporate bond yield curve, derived based on bond universe information sourced from reputable indexes, data providers, and rating agencies. In countries where there is not a deep market for corporate bonds, we generally use a government bond approach to set the discount rate. Additionally, the expected rates of return on plan assets are derived for each benefit plan by considering the expected future return assumption for each individual asset class. A single return assumption is then derived for each plan based on the plan's target asset allocation. Pension Assumptions Sensitivity Analysis The following chart depicts the sensitivity of estimated pension expense for the next twelve months to incremental changes in the discount rate and expected rate of return on assets. Discount Rate Total Increase/(Decrease) to Net Periodic Pension Cost from Current Assumption Rate of Return on Plan Assets Total Increase/ (Decrease) to Net Periodic Pension Cost from Current Assumption (in $ millions) (in $ millions) +25 basis points (1) +25 basis points (4) 4.64 percent (current assumption) — 5.65 percent (current assumption) — -25 basis points 1 -25 basis points 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortized but is instead tested for impairment annually as of April 1 of each fiscal year, or when events and circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. Our reporting units each contain goodwill that is assessed for potential impairment. All goodwill is assigned to a reporting unit, which we have defined as an operating segment, based on the relative fair value of the reporting unit at the time of each acquisition. At June 30, 2026, we have two reporting units which are our reportable segments, Global Flexible Packaging Solutions and Global Rigid Packaging Solutions. In our impairment analysis, we may elect to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether a quantitative test is necessary. If we determine that a quantitative test is necessary or elect to perform a quantitative test instead of the qualitative test, we derive an estimate of fair values for each of our reporting units using income approaches. The most significant assumptions used in the determination of the estimated fair value of the reporting units are revenue growth, projected operating income growth, market multiples, terminal values, and discount rates. When the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its 47 fair value, we recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and estimated fair value of the reporting unit, adjusted for any tax benefits, limited to the amount of the carrying value of goodwill. Our estimates associated with the goodwill impairment tests are considered critical due to the amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and the judgment required in determining fair value amounts, including projected future cash flows. Judgment is also used in assessing whether goodwill should be tested more frequently for impairment than annually. Factors such as a significant decrease in expected net earnings, adverse equity market conditions, and other external events, such as significant inflation and rising interest rates, may result in the need for more frequent assessments. Intangible assets consist primarily of purchased customer relationships, technology, trademarks, and software and are amortized using the method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to twenty years. We review these intangible assets for impairment when changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events suggest that the remaining value is not recoverable. The impairment test requires us to make estimates about fair value, most of which are based on projected future cash flows and discount rates. These estimates and projections require judgments about future events, conditions, and amounts of future cash flows. Deferred Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax positions as tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant taxing authorities. Determining uncertain tax positions involves evaluating whether the weight of available positive and negative evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position taken or expected to be taken in the tax return will be sustained upon tax audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The recognized tax benefits are measured as the largest benefit of having a more likely than not likelihood of being sustained upon settlement. Additionally, we are required to assess the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income which may result in the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, including operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards if we do not reach the more likely than not threshold based on all available evidence. Examples of factors considered in determining deferred tax asset realizability include the expected future performance of operations and taxable earnings, the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences, as well as the feasibility of tax planning strategies. If actual results differ from these estimates or if there are future changes in tax laws or statutory tax rates, we may need to adjust valuation allowances, or deferred tax liabilities, which could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. New Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 3, "New Accounting Guidance," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for information about new accounting pronouncements. 48 Item 7A. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Overview Our activities expose us to a variety of market risks and financial risks. Our overall risk management program seeks to minimize potential adverse effects of these risks on Amcor's financial performance. From time to time, we enter into various derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange contracts, commodity fixed price swaps (on behalf of customers), swaps, and interest rate swaps to manage these risks. Our hedging activities are conducted on a centralized basis through standard operating procedures and delegated authorities, which provide guidelines for control, counterparty risk, and ongoing reporting. These derivative instruments are designed to reduce the economic risk associated with movements in foreign exchange rates, raw material prices, and to fixed and variable interest rates, but may not have been designated or qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP and hence may increase income statement volatility. However, we do not trade in derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. In addition, we may enter into loan agreements in currencies other than the respective legal entity's functional currency to economically hedge foreign exchange risk in net investments in our .S. subsidiaries, which do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP and hence may increase income statement volatility. There have been no material changes in the risks described below, other than increased inflation and market volatility attributed to a variety of factors, including the Middle East conflict, in the last three fiscal years. Interest Rate Risk Our policy is to manage exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a mixture of and debt, monitoring global interest rates and, where appropriate, hedging floating interest rate exposure or debt at fixed interest rates through the use of various interest rate derivative instruments including, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, and interest rate locks. A hypothetical but reasonably possible increase of 1% in the floating rate on the relevant interest rate yield curve applicable to both derivative and instruments denominated in U.S. dollars and Euros, the currencies with the largest interest rate sensitivity, outstanding as of June 30, 2026, would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before income taxes and equity in income/(loss) of affiliated companies of $20 million expense for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026. Foreign Exchange Risk We operate in over 40 countries across the world and, as a result, we are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. For the year ended June 30, 2026, a hypothetical but reasonably possible adverse change of 1% in the underlying average foreign currency exchange rate for the Euro would have resulted in an adverse impact on our net sales of $49 million. Economic and political events in Argentina expose us to heightened levels of foreign currency exchange risks. Although our functional currency in Argentina is the U.S. dollar, we have net assets and transactions in Argentina that are denominated in pesos. In fiscal year 2024, the new Argentine government devalued the Argentine peso by approximately 55% against the U.S. dollar which was the primary factor in our recognition of a $53 million loss on monetary balances in this fiscal year. In April 2025, the Argentine government lifted its capital controls over the Argentine peso to trade against the U.S. dollar which enables the Central Bank of Argentina to increase its reserves. The measures taken in April 2025 resulted in a devaluation of approximately 10% and have helped to reduce inflation in Argentina. In December 2025, the Central Bank of Argentina announced a new phase of its economic program which included changing its foreign exchange rate band mechanism and launching an active foreign exchange reserve accumulation program to strengthen the country's economy. As of June 30, 2026, a hypothetical but reasonably possible 10% devaluation of the Argentine peso against the U.S. dollar would have resulted in an adverse impact on our Argentine peso monetary assets of approximately $6 million. Our operations in Argentina represented approximately 1% of our consolidated net sales and annual adjusted earnings before interest and tax in fiscal year 2026. During both fiscal years 2026 and 2025, 51% of our net sales, respectively, were effectively generated in U.S. dollar functional currency entities. During fiscal year 2026 and 2025, 21% and 18%, respectively, of our net sales were generated in Euro functional currency entities with the remaining 28% and 31% of net sales, respectively, being generated in entities with functional currencies other than U.S. dollars and Euros. The impact of translating Euro and other .S. dollar net sales and 49 operating expenses into U.S. dollar for reporting purposes will vary depending on the movement of those currencies from period to period. Raw Material and Commodity Price Risk The primary raw materials for our products are polymer resins and films, paper, paperboard, inks, solvents, adhesives and aluminum. We have market risk primarily in connection with the pricing of our products and are exposed to commodity price risk from a number of commodities and other raw materials and energy price risk. An increase in prices of our primary raw materials may result in a temporary or permanent reduction in income before income taxes and equity in income/(loss) of affiliated companies depending on the level of recovery by material type. The level of recovery depends both on the type of material and the market in which we operate. Across our business, we have a number of contractual provisions that allow for pass through of raw material price fluctuations to customers within predefined periods. A hypothetical but reasonably possible 1% increase on average prices for polymer resins and films, inks, solvents, adhesives, aluminum, paperboard and paper, not passed on to the customer by way of a price adjustment, would have resulted in an increase in cost of sales and hence an adverse impact on income before income taxes and equity in income/(loss) of affiliated companies of approximately $85 million for fiscal year 2026 before any contractual to selling price. Credit Risk Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss. We are exposed to credit risk arising from financing activities including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments, as well as from raw material and commodity related derivative instruments. We manage our credit risk from balances with financial institutions through our counterparty risk policy, which provides guidelines on setting limits to minimize the concentration of risks and therefore mitigating financial loss through potential counterparty failure and on dealing and settlement procedures. The investment of surplus funds is made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to each specific counterparty. Financial derivative instruments can only be entered into with high credit quality approved financial institutions. As of June 30, 2026, and 2025, we did not have a significant concentration of credit risk in relation to derivatives entered into in accordance with our hedging and risk management activities. 50 Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Amcor plc Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amcor plc and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2026, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2026 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2026 and 2025, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2026 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 51 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Global Rigid Packaging Solutions Reporting Unit As described in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s goodwill balance was $12,075 million as of June 30, 2026, of which $6,056 million was associated with the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit. Management conducts an impairment test as of April 1 of each fiscal year or whenever events and circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred during the financial year. Management’s quantitative assessment utilizes discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. As disclosed by management, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, management would recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, adjusted for any tax benefits, limited to the amount of the carrying value of goodwill. Management’s projected future cash flows for the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit included key assumptions relating to the discount rate, market multiple and revenue growth. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to the discount rate, market multiple, and revenue growth; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow models used by management; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow models; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the discount rate, market multiple and revenue growth. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to the discount rate, market multiple and revenue growth involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow models, (ii) the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption, and (iii) the appropriateness of the comparative companies as well as the market multiple considered. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers AG Zurich, Switzerland August 14, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 52 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income ($ in millions, except per share data) For the years ended June 30, 2026 2025 2024 Net sales $ 23,506 $ 15,009 $ 13,640 Cost of sales ( 18,816 ) ( 12,175 ) ( 10,928 ) Gross profit 4,690 2,834 2,712 Selling, general, and administrative expenses ( 1,931 ) ( 1,205 ) ( 1,093 ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets ( 558 ) ( 246 ) ( 167 ) Research and development expenses ( 170 ) ( 120 ) ( 106 ) Restructuring, transaction and integration expenses, net ( 298 ) ( 307 ) ( 97 ) Other income/(expenses), net 166 53 ( 35 ) Operating income 1,899 1,009 1,214 Interest income 66 49 38 Interest expense ( 676 ) ( 396 ) ( 348 ) Other income/(expenses), net ( 7 ) ( 12 ) 3 Income before income taxes and equity in income/(loss) of affiliated companies 1,282 650 907 Income tax expense ( 181 ) ( 135 ) ( 163 ) Equity in income/(loss) of affiliated companies, net of tax 5 3 ( 4 ) Net income $ 1,106 $ 518 $ 740 Net income attributable to interests — ( 7 ) ( 10 ) Net income attributable to Amcor plc $ 1,106 $ 511 $ 730 Basic earnings per share $ 2.39 $ 1.60 $ 2.53 Diluted earnings per share $ 2.38 $ 1.60 $ 2.52 All prior periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1- reverse stock split effected on January 14, 2026. See Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies" for further information. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 53 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ($ in millions) For the years ended June 30, 2026 2025 2024 Net income $ 1,106 $ 518 $ 740 Other comprehensive income/(loss): Net gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax (a) 5 2 5 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax (b) 64 21 ( 108 ) Net investment hedge of foreign operations, net of tax (c) 60 ( 60 ) — Excluded components of fair value hedges 4 ( 8 ) ( 10 ) Pension, net of tax (d) ( 1 ) 2 ( 45 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) 132 ( 43 ) ( 158 ) Total comprehensive income 1,238 475 582 Comprehensive income attributable to interests — ( 7 ) ( 10 ) Comprehensive income attributable to Amcor plc $ 1,238 $ 468 $ 572 (a) Tax expense related to cash flow hedges $ ( 1 ) $ — $ ( 1 ) (b) Tax benefit/(expense) related to foreign currency translation adjustments 3 ( 5 ) — (c) Tax benefit/(expense) related to net investment hedge of foreign operations ( 8 ) 20 — (d) Tax benefit/(expense) related to pension adjustments $ 2 $ ( 1 ) $ 12 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 54 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets ($ in millions, except share and per share data) As of June 30, 2026 2025 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,115 $ 827 Trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $ 48 and $ 34 , respectively 3,639 3,426 Inventories, net Raw materials and supplies 1,531 1,394 Work in process and finished goods 2,141 2,077 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 900 710 Total current assets 9,326 8,434 assets: Property, plant, and equipment, net 7,409 8,202 Operating lease assets 1,039 1,116 Deferred tax assets 199 218 Other intangible assets, net 6,588 7,403 Goodwill 12,075 11,276 Employee benefit assets 57 60 Other assets 402 357 Total assets 27,769 28,632 Total assets $ 37,095 $ 37,066 Liabilities Current liabilities: Current portion of debt $ 15 $ 141 debt 135 116 Trade payables 4,021 3,490 Accrued employee costs 694 619 Other current liabilities 2,570 2,621 Total current liabilities 7,435 6,987 liabilities: debt, less current portion 13,862 13,841 Operating lease liabilities 852 910 Deferred tax liabilities 2,080 2,482 Employee benefit obligations 309 352 Other liabilities 756 754 Total liabilities 17,859 18,339 Total liabilities $ 25,294 $ 25,326 Commitments and contingencies (See Note 20) Shareholders' Equity Amcor plc shareholders’ equity: Ordinary shares ($ 0.05 par value): Authorized ( 1,800 million shares) Issued ( 462.3 and 461.1 million shares, respectively) $ 23 $ 23 Additional capital 12,255 12,226 Retained earnings 459 548 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 931 ) ( 1,063 ) Treasury shares ( 0.4 and 0.1 million shares, respectively) ( 16 ) ( 6 ) Total Amcor plc shareholders' equity 11,790 11,728 interests 11 12 Total shareholders' equity 11,801 11,740 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 37,095 $ 37,066 All prior periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1- reverse stock split effected on January 14, 2026. See Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies" for further information. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 55 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ($ in millions) For the years ended June 30, 2026 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 1,106 $ 518 $ 740 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, and impairment 1,479 722 595 Net periodic benefit cost 31 32 12 Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs 48 36 10 Net gain on disposal of property, plant, and equipment ( 49 ) ( 7 ) ( 11 ) Net gain on disposal of businesses and investments ( 54 ) ( 8 ) — Equity in (income)/loss of affiliated companies ( 5 ) ( 3 ) 4 Net foreign exchange loss 5 9 27 compensation 83 74 32 Inventory amortization ( 6 ) 133 — Other, net ( 146 ) 60 ( 37 ) Loss from highly inflationary accounting for Argentine subsidiaries 28 27 106 Deferred income taxes, net ( 96 ) ( 125 ) ( 37 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding effect of acquisitions, divestitures, and currency: Trade receivables ( 323 ) ( 228 ) ( 43 ) Inventories ( 329 ) — 95 Prepaid expenses and other current assets ( 51 ) ( 57 ) ( 5 ) Trade payables 570 220 ( 43 ) Other current liabilities 16 15 ( 74 ) Accrued employee costs 3 47 8 Employee benefit obligations ( 78 ) ( 47 ) ( 39 ) Other, net ( 81 ) ( 28 ) ( 19 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,151 1,390 1,321 Cash flows from investing activities: Investments in affiliated companies and other — — ( 3 ) Business acquisitions ( 17 ) ( 1,653 ) ( 20 ) Purchase of property, plant, and equipment, and other intangible assets ( 922 ) ( 580 ) ( 492 ) Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash divested 272 113 — Proceeds from sale of affiliated companies and other investments 70 — — Proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment, and other intangible assets 73 18 39 Net cash used in investing activities ( 524 ) ( 2,102 ) ( 476 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of options 6 15 — Purchase of treasury shares and tax withholdings for incentive plans ( 71 ) ( 122 ) ( 51 ) Purchase of interest ( 1 ) ( 2 ) — Proceeds from issuance of debt 3,214 2,181 1,024 Repayment of debt ( 2,893 ) ( 506 ) ( 16 ) transaction fees — ( 11 ) — Net borrowing/(repayment) of commercial paper ( 389 ) 228 ( 1,041 ) Net borrowing/(repayment) of debt 3 ( 16 ) ( 10 ) Repayment of lease liabilities ( 16 ) ( 12 ) ( 11 ) Share buyback/cancellations ( 1 ) — ( 30 ) Dividends paid ( 1,195 ) ( 845 ) ( 722 ) Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities ( 1,343 ) 910 ( 857 ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 4 41 ( 89 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 288 239 ( 101 ) Cash and cash equivalents balance at beginning of the fiscal year 827 588 689 Cash and cash equivalents balance at end of the fiscal year $ 1,115 $ 827 $ 588 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements, including Note 23, "Supplemental Cash Flow Information". 56 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Equity ($ in millions, except per share data) Ordinary Shares Additional Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Shares Interests Total Balance as of June 30, 2023 $ 14 $ 4,021 $ 865 $ ( 862 ) $ ( 12 ) $ 64 $ 4,090 Net income 730 10 740 Other comprehensive loss ( 158 ) — ( 158 ) Share buyback/cancellations — ( 30 ) ( 30 ) Dividends declared ($ 2.4875 per share) ( 716 ) ( 6 ) ( 722 ) Shares vested, and related tax withholdings ( 52 ) 49 ( 3 ) Net settlement of forward contracts to purchase own equity for incentive plans, net of tax 48 48 Purchase of treasury shares ( 48 ) ( 48 ) compensation expense 32 32 Change in interests — 4 4 Balance as of June 30, 2024 14 4,019 879 ( 1,020 ) ( 11 ) 72 3,953 Net income 511 7 518 Other comprehensive loss ( 43 ) — ( 43 ) Dividends declared ($ 2.5375 per share) ( 842 ) ( 3 ) ( 845 ) Options exercised and shares vested, and related tax withholdings ( 112 ) 52 ( 60 ) Net settlement of forward contracts to purchase own equity for incentive plans, net of tax 47 47 Purchase of treasury shares ( 47 ) ( 47 ) compensation expense 74 74 Change in interests ( 69 ) ( 69 ) Acquisition of Berry Global Group, Inc. 9 8,198 5 8,212 Balance as of June 30, 2025 23 12,226 548 ( 1,063 ) ( 6 ) 12 11,740 Net income 1,106 — 1,106 Other comprehensive income 132 — 132 Share buyback/cancellations — ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Issuance of shares for awards 56 ( 56 ) — Dividends declared ($ 2.5875 per share) ( 1,195 ) — ( 1,195 ) Options exercised and shares vested, and related tax withholdings ( 111 ) 75 ( 36 ) Net settlement of forward contracts to purchase own equity for incentive plans, net of tax 2 2 Purchase of treasury shares ( 29 ) ( 29 ) compensation expense 83 83 Change in interests ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Balance as of June 30, 2026 $ 23 $ 12,255 $ 459 $ ( 931 ) $ ( 16 ) $ 11 $ 11,801 All prior periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1- reverse stock split effected on January 14, 2026. See Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies" for further information. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 57 Amcor plc and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 - Business Description Amcor plc ("Amcor" or the "Company") is a public limited company incorporated under the Laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey. The Company's history dates back more than 150 years, with origins in both Australia and the United States of America. On April 30, 2025, the Company completed its acquisition (the "Merger") of Berry Global Group, Inc ("Berry"). The combination of Amcor and Berry has created a global packaging leader that employs approximately 75,000 individuals and has approximately 400 manufacturing facilities in more than 40 countries. See Note 4, "Acquisitions and Divestitures" for more information on the Berry acquisition. Today, we are the global leader in developing and producing primary responsible consumer packaging and dispensing solutions across a variety of materials for nutrition, health, beauty and wellness categories. Our global product innovation and sustainability expertise enables us to solve packaging challenges around the world every day, producing a range of flexible packaging, rigid packaging, cartons and closures that are more sustainable, functional and appealing for our customers and their consumers. We are guided by our purpose of elevating customers, shaping lives and protecting the future. The Company's business activities are organized around two reportable segments, Global Flexible Packaging Solutions and Global Rigid Packaging Solutions. The Company has a globally diverse operating footprint, selling to customers in Europe, North America, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific regions. The Company's sales are widely diversified, with the majority of sales made to nutrition, health, beauty and wellness categories which include food, beverage, pharmaceutical, medical device, home and personal care, and other consumer goods. All markets are considered to be highly competitive as to price, innovation, quality, and service. 58 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, for which the Company has a controlling financial interest. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). Certain amounts in the Company's notes to consolidated financial statements may not add up or recalculate due to rounding. The Company has certain U.S. and foreign subsidiaries that report on a 5-4-4 calendar or 52-week fiscal year, all of which were acquired as part of the Berry Merger completed on April 30, 2025, and which the Company consolidates into its respective fiscal period. The difference in period end for these foreign and U.S. subsidiaries has been determined to not be material. Change in Fiscal Year Historically, the Company reported on a fiscal year basis starting July 1 and ending June 30. Effective July 1, 2026, the Company will transition the fiscal from June 30 to December 31. The Company plans to report its financial results for the transition period of July 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026, on a Transition Report on Form 10-K/T and to thereafter file an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the first full calendar fiscal year ending on December 31, 2027. Prior to filing the transition report, the Company will file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2026. In these consolidated financial statements, the fiscal years ended on June 30, 2026, 2025 and 2024 are referred to as "fiscal year 2026", "fiscal year 2025" and "fiscal year 2024", respectively. Reverse Stock Split On January 14, 2026, the Company filed an amendment to its memorandum of association to effect a 1- reverse stock split (the "Reverse Split"). The Reverse Split became effective on January 14, 2026. In connection with the Reverse Split, the par value of the Company's ordinary shares was increased to $ 0.05 and the Company's number of ordinary shares authorized was reduced to 1,800 million ordinary shares. Any resulting fractional shares were settled in cash. All share and per share amounts for all prior periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the Reverse Split, unless otherwise indicated. Business Combinations: The Company uses the acquisition method of accounting, which requires separate recognition of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from goodwill, at the acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred and the fair value of any interests in the acquiree over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company has the ability to record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. The Company's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but the Company's estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to modification. After the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statements of income. Acquisition related costs and any related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations: The Company classifies assets and liabilities (the "disposal group") as held for sale in the period when all of the relevant criteria to be classified as held for sale are met. These criteria include management's commitment to sell the disposal group in its present condition and the sale being deemed probable of being completed within one year. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on management’s assessment of indicative bids, a market multiples model in which a market multiple is applied to forecasted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“EBITDA”), discounted cash flows, appraised values, or management's estimates, depending on the specific situation. Any loss resulting from the measurement is recognized in the period when the held for sale criteria are met. If the disposal group meets the definition of a business, the goodwill within the reporting unit is allocated to the disposal group based on its relative fair value. The Company assesses the fair value of a disposal group, less any disposal cost, each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale and reports any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the disposal group, as long as the new carrying value does not exceed the initial carrying value of the disposal group. Assets held for sale are not amortized or depreciated. A disposal group that represents a strategic shift to the Company or is acquired with the intention to sell is reflected as a discontinued operation on the consolidated statements of income and prior periods are recast to reflect the earnings or losses as income from discontinued operations. 59 Estimates and Assumptions Required: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. These estimates are based on historical experience and various assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis and adjusts or revises them as circumstances change. As future events and their impacts cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. In the opinion of management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary to fairly present the results of the periods presented. Translation of Foreign Currencies: The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries is generally the local currency of each entity. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity are recorded at the exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency are remeasured at the exchange rates as of the balance sheet date to the entity’s functional currency. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recorded in other income/(expenses), net in the consolidated statements of income. These foreign currency transaction net gains or net losses, not including losses on monetary balances in Argentina, amounted to a net loss of $ 1 million, $ 6 million, and $ 10 million during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Upon consolidation, the results of operations of subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the reporting currency of the Company are translated using average exchange rates during each year. Assets and liabilities of operations with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated at the exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, while equity balances are translated at historical rates. Translation gains and losses are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a component of shareholders’ equity. Highly Inflationary Accounting: A highly inflationary economy is defined as an economy with a cumulative inflation rate of approximately 100 percent or more over a period. As of July 1, 2018, the Argentine economy was designated as highly inflationary for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the U.S. dollar replaced the Argentine peso as the functional currency for the Company's subsidiaries in Argentina. The impact of highly inflationary accounting on monetary balances was a loss of $ 19 million, $ 16 million, and $ 53 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively, in the consolidated statements of income. Segment Reporting: Effective January 1, 2026, certain of the Company’s flexible operations in Latin America previously included in the Global Flexible Packaging Solutions reportable segment are now reflected in the Global Rigid Packaging Solutions reportable segment as the Company consolidated management of these flexible and rigid packaging operations under one management team and the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker is now reviewing results under this new structure. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with current period presentation. Refer to Note 21, "Segments" for information on the Company's reportable segments. Revenue Recognition: The Company generates revenue primarily by providing its customers with flexible and rigid packaging solutions, serving a variety of markets including food, beverage, consumer products, and healthcare end markets. The Company enters into a variety of agreements with customers, including quality agreements, pricing agreements, and master supply agreements, which outline the terms under which the Company does business with a specific customer. The Company also sells to some customers solely based on purchase orders. The Company has concluded for the vast majority of its revenues, that its contracts with customers are either a purchase order or the combination of a purchase order with a master supply agreement. All revenue recognized in the consolidated statements of income is considered to be revenue from contracts with customers. The Company typically satisfies the obligation to provide packaging to customers at a point in time upon shipment when control is transferred to customers. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and customer claims and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company does not have any material contract assets or contract liabilities. The Company disaggregates revenue based on major product lines. Disaggregation of revenue is presented in Note 21, "Segments." Significant Judgments Determining whether products and services should be accounted for as distinct performance obligations or as combined performance obligations may require significant judgment. The Company has identified potential performance obligations in its customer master supply agreements and determined that none of them are capable of being distinct as the 60 customer can only benefit from the supplied packaging. Therefore, the Company has concluded that it has one performance obligation, which is to supply packaging to customers. The Company may provide variable consideration in several forms, which are determined through its agreements with customers. The Company can offer prompt payment discounts, sales rebates, or other incentive payments to customers. Sales rebates and other incentive payments can be awarded contingent on the achievement of certain performance metrics, including volume. The Company accounts for variable consideration using the most likely amount method. The Company utilizes forecasted sales data and rebate percentages specific to each customer agreement and updates its judgment of the amounts to which the customer is entitled each period. The Company enters into agreements with certain customers, under which it is obligated to make various payments for which it expects to r

[truncated]