Consolidated Income Tax Expense Three Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Income tax expense $ (58) $ (28) Effective income tax rate 25.9 % 17.0 % The effective tax rate for the three months ended December 31, 2024, increased by 8.9 percentage points compared to the three months ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the tax impact of the divestiture of Bericap in the current period, and differences in the magnitudes of expenses and discrete events between the periods. 40 Results of Operations - Six Months Ended December 31, 2024 Consolidated Results of Operations Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 Net sales $ 6,594 $ 6,694 Operating income $ 609 $ 512 Operating income as a percentage of net sales 9.2 % 7.6 % Net income attributable to Amcor plc $ 354 $ 286 Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 0.244 $ 0.198 Net sales decreased by $100 million, or 1%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. Excluding the negative currency impacts of $55 million, the negative impacts from the of lower raw material costs of approximately $2 million, and the negative impacts from disposed operations of $2 million, the remaining decrease in net sales for the six months ended December 31, 2024 was $41 million, or 1%, reflecting an unfavorable price/mix impact of approximately 3%, partially offset by higher sales volumes of approximately 2%. Net income attributable to Amcor plc increased by $68 million, or 24%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023, mainly due to an increase in gross profit of $19 million, lower restructuring and other activities, net, of $13 million, higher other income, net, of $74 million, and lower interest expense, net of $6 million, partially offset by higher selling, general, and administrative expenses of $9 million and higher income tax expenses of $34 million. Diluted earnings per share increased by $0.046, or 23%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023, with the net income available to ordinary shareholders of Amcor plc increasing by 24% due to the above items and the diluted weighted average number of shares remaining in line with the prior year. Segment Results of Operations Flexibles Segment Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Net sales $ 5,062 $ 5,049 Adjusted EBIT $ 651 $ 634 Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of net sales 12.9 % 12.6 % Net sales increased by $13 million for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. Excluding the negative currency impacts of $27 million, the positive impacts from the of higher raw material costs of $36 million, and the negative impacts from disposed operations of $2 million, the remaining variation in net sales for the six months ended December 31, 2024 was an increase of $7 million, mainly reflecting favorable sales volumes of approximately 3%, offset by an unfavorable price/mix impact of approximately 3%. Adjusted EBIT increased by $17 million, or 3%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. Excluding negative currency impacts of $6 million, the remaining increase in Adjusted EBIT for the six months ended December 31, 2024, was $23 million, or 4%, reflecting the positive effect from favorable volumes and favorable operating cost performance, partially offset by negative price/mix. 41 Rigid Packaging Segment Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Net sales $ 1,532 $ 1,645 Adjusted EBIT $ 115 $ 113 Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of net sales 7.5 % 6.9 % Net sales decreased by $113 million, or 7%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. Excluding the negative currency impacts of approximately $25 million and the negative impacts from the of lower raw material costs of approximately $40 million, the remaining variation in net sales for the six months ended December 31, 2024 was a decrease of approximately $50 million, or 3%. This reflects an unfavorable price/mix impact of approximately 1% and unfavorable sales volumes of approximately 2%. Adjusted EBIT increased by $2 million, or 2%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. Excluding the negative currency impacts of $5 million, the remaining variation in Adjusted EBIT for the six months ended December 31, 2024, was an increase of $7 million, or 6%, reflecting favorable operating cost performance, partly offset by an unfavorable price/mix and lower volumes. Consolidated Gross Profit Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Gross profit $ 1,285 $ 1,266 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales 19.5 % 18.9 % Gross profit increased by $19 million, or 2%, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by sales volumes increase and improved operating cost performance, which also drove an increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales increased to 19.5% for the six months ended December 31, 2024. Consolidated Restructuring and Other Activities, Net Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Restructuring and other activities, net $ (39) $ (52) Restructuring and other activities, net, as a percentage of net sales (0.6 %) (0.8 %) Restructuring and other activities, net, changed by $13 million for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. The change was a result of a decrease in restructuring and related expenses, net, of $23 million, partially offset by transaction costs incurred in connection with the pending merger with Berry Global Group, Inc. Consolidated Other Income/(Expenses), Net Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Other income/(expenses), net $ 28 $ (46) Other income/(expenses), net as a percentage of net sales 0.4 % (0.7 %) Other income/(expenses), net changed by $74 million, for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023, primarily driven by the lower negative impacts of highly inflationary accounting for subsidiaries in Argentina and the gain on the Bericap sale. 42 Consolidated Income Tax Expense Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Income tax expense $ (101) $ (67) Effective income tax rate 22.0 % 18.7 % The effective tax rate for the six months ended December 31, 2024, increased by 3.3 percentage points compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the tax impact of the divestiture of Bericap in the current period, and differences in the magnitude of expenses and discrete events between the periods. 43 Presentation of Information This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refers to financial measures: adjusted earnings before interest and taxes ("Adjusted EBIT"), earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT"), adjusted net income, and net debt. Such measures have not been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). These financial measures adjust for factors that are unusual or unpredictable. These measures exclude the impact of certain amounts related to the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, acquisitions, and restructuring, including costs, equipment relocation costs, accelerated depreciation, and the of equipment. These measures also exclude gains or losses on sales of significant property and divestitures, significant property and other impairments, net of insurance recovery, certain regulatory and litigation matters, significant pension settlements, impairments in goodwill and equity method investments, and certain acquisition-related expenses, including transaction and integration expenses, due diligence expenses, professional and legal fees, purchase accounting adjustments for inventory, order backlog, intangible amortization, changes in the fair value of contingent acquisition payments and economic hedging instruments on commercial paper, CEO transition costs, and impacts related to the conflict. Note that while amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded from adjusted financial measures, the revenue of the acquired entities and all other expenses unless otherwise stated, are reflected in Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income and the acquired assets contribute to revenue generation. This adjusted information should not be construed as an alternative to results determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We use the measures to evaluate operating performance and believe that these measures are useful to enable investors and other external parties to perform comparisons of our current and historical performance. A reconciliation of reported net income attributable to Amcor plc to Adjusted EBIT, and adjusted net income for the three and six months ended December 31, 2024, and 2023 is as follows: Three Months Ended December 31, Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to Amcor plc, as reported $ 163 $ 134 $ 354 $ 286 Add: Net income attributable to interests 4 2 6 4 Net income 167 136 360 290 Add: Income tax expense 58 28 101 67 Add: Interest expense 81 89 167 174 Less: Interest income (9) (11) (20) (21) EBIT 297 242 608 510 Add: Amortization of acquired intangible assets from business combinations (1) 40 43 79 83 Add: Impact of hyperinflation (2) 3 34 5 51 Add: Restructuring and related expenses, net (3) 23 24 29 52 Add: Other (4) — 9 7 13 Adjusted EBIT $ 363 $ 352 $ 728 $ 709 Less: Income tax expense (58) (28) (101) (67) Add/(Less): Adjustments to income tax expense (5) 4 (17) (7) (32) Less: Interest expense (81) (89) (167) (174) Add: Interest income 9 11 20 21 Less: Net income attributable to interests (4) (2) (6) (4) Adjusted net income $ 233 $ 227 $ 467 $ 453 (1) Amortization of acquired intangible assets from business combinations includes amortization expenses related to all acquired intangible assets from past acquisitions. (2) Impact of hyperinflation includes the adverse impact of highly inflationary accounting for subsidiaries in Argentina where the functional currency was the Argentine Peso. (3) Restructuring and related expenses, net, primarily includes costs incurred in connection with the 2023 Restructuring Plan. Refer to Note 6 - "Restructuring" for further information. (4) Other includes, for the three and six months ended December 31, 2024, various expense and income items primarily relating to a gain on the disposal of Bericap of $15 million, offset by transaction costs related to the announced Merger of $10 million, and a loss on disposal of a business. Refer to Note 3 - "Pending Merger with Berry Global Group, Inc." and Note 4 - 44 "Acquisitions and Disposals" for further information. For the three and six months ended December 31, 2023, Other includes various expense and income items relating to acquisitions, retroactive foil duties, certain litigation reserve settlements, and fair value movements on economic hedges. (5) Net tax impact on items (1) through (4) above. Reconciliation of Net Debt A reconciliation of total debt to net debt as of December 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024 is as follows: ($ in millions) December 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 Current portion of debt $ 13 $ 12 debt 91 84 debt, less current portion 6,837 6,603 Total debt 6,941 6,699 Less cash and cash equivalents (445) (588) Net debt $ 6,496 $ 6,111 45 Supplemental Guarantor Information Amcor plc, along with certain wholly owned subsidiary guarantors, guarantee the following senior notes issued by the wholly owned subsidiaries, Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor UK Finance plc., Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., and Amcor Group Finance plc. • $500 million, 4.000% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2025 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $300 million, 3.100% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2026 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $600 million, 3.625% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2026 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $500 million, 4.500% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2028 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $500 million, 2.630% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2030 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • $800 million, 2.690% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2031 of Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. • €500 million, 1.125% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2027 of Amcor UK Finance plc • €500 million, 3.950% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2032 of Amcor UK Finance plc • $500 million, 5.625% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2033 of Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. • $500 million, 5.450% Guaranteed Senior Notes due 2029 of Amcor Group Finance plc The six notes issued by Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. are guaranteed by its parent entity, Amcor plc, and the subsidiary guarantors Amcor Pty Ltd, Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., Amcor Group Finance plc, and Amcor UK Finance plc. The two notes issued by Amcor UK Finance plc are guaranteed by its parent entity, Amcor plc, and the subsidiary guarantors Amcor Pty Ltd, Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., and Amcor Group Finance plc. The note issued by Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. is guaranteed by its ultimate parent entity, Amcor plc, and the subsidiary guarantors Amcor Pty Ltd, Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor Group Finance plc, and Amcor UK Finance plc. The note issued by Amcor Group Finance plc is guaranteed by its ultimate parent entity, Amcor plc, and the subsidiary guarantors Amcor Pty Ltd, Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., and Amcor UK Finance plc. All guarantors fully, unconditionally, and irrevocably guarantee, on a joint and several basis, to each holder of the notes, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and any premium and interest on, such note and all other amounts payable, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at stated maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the terms of the notes and related indenture. The obligations of the applicable guarantors under their guarantees will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose, or similar laws) under applicable law. The guarantees will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the guarantors and will rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt of each guarantor. None of our other subsidiaries guarantee such notes. The issuers and guarantors conduct large parts of their operations through other subsidiaries of Amcor plc. Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc. is incorporated in Missouri in the United States, Amcor UK Finance plc and Amcor Group Finance plc are incorporated in England and Wales, United Kingdom, Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. is incorporated in Delaware in the United States, and the guarantors are incorporated under the laws of Jersey, Australia, the United States, and England and Wales and, therefore, insolvency proceedings with respect to the issuers and guarantors could proceed under, and be governed by, among others, Jersey, Australian, United States, or English insolvency law, as the case may be, if either issuer or any guarantor defaults on its obligations under the applicable Notes or Guarantees, respectively. Set forth below is the summarized financial information of the combined Obligor Group made up of Amcor plc (as parent guarantor), Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor UK Finance plc, Amcor Group Finance plc, and Amcor Finance (USA), Inc. (as subsidiary issuers of the notes and guarantors of each other’s notes), and Amcor Pty Ltd (as the remaining subsidiary guarantor). 46 Basis of Preparation The following summarized financial information is presented for the parent, issuer, and guarantor subsidiaries ("Obligor Group") on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between entities in the combined group and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a . This information is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the combined group of companies in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Statement of Income for Obligor Group ($ in millions) Six Months Ended December 31, 2024 Net sales - external $ 480 Net sales - to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 5 Total net sales 485 Gross profit 114 Net income $ 179 Net income attributable to interests — Net income attributable to Obligor Group $ 179 Balance Sheets for Obligor Group ($ in millions) December 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 Assets Current assets - external $ 1,448 $ 1,160 Current assets - due from subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 230 165 Total current assets 1,678 1,325 assets - external 1,421 1,447 assets - due from subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 12,405 12,538 Total assets 13,826 13,985 Total assets $ 15,504 $ 15,310 Liabilities Current liabilities - external $ 2,779 $ 2,341 Current liabilities - due to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 36 34 Total current liabilities 2,815 2,375 liabilities - external 7,018 6,815 liabilities - due to subsidiaries outside the Obligor Group 10,594 10,822 Total liabilities 17,612 17,637 Total liabilities $ 20,427 $ 20,012 47 New Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 2, "New Accounting Guidance," in "Item 1. Financial Statements - Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements". Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates and judgments are based on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. These critical accounting estimates are discussed in detail in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. There have been no material changes in critical accounting estimates and judgments as of December 31, 2024, from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 48 Liquidity and Capital Resources We finance our business primarily through cash flows provided by operating activities, borrowings from banks, and proceeds from issuances of debt and equity. We periodically review our capital structure and liquidity position in light of market conditions, expected future cash flows, potential funding requirements for debt refinancing, capital expenditures and acquisitions, the cost of capital, sensitivity analyses reflecting downside scenarios, the impact on our financial metrics and credit ratings, and our ease of access to funding sources. We believe that our cash flows provided by operating activities, together with borrowings available under our credit facilities and access to the commercial paper market, backstopped by our bank debt facilities, will continue to provide sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and other commitments, including dividends and purchases of our ordinary shares and CHESS Depositary Instruments under authorized share repurchase programs, into the foreseeable future. Overview Six Months Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 159 $ 228 Net cash used in investing activities (134) (256) Net cash used in financing activities (143) (191) Cash Flow Overview Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $69 million for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. The change is primarily driven by higher working capital outflows in the current period and lower net income after adjusting for items in the current period as compared to the prior period. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $122 million for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. The change is primarily driven by the proceeds received from the sale of Bericap in the current period. Net Cash Used in Financing Activities Net cash used by financing activities decreased by $48 million for the six months ended December 31, 2024, compared to the six months ended December 31, 2023. The change is primarily driven by prior period share buyback activity which did not reoccur in the current period. Net Debt We borrow from financial institutions and debt investors in the form of bank overdrafts, bank loans, corporate bonds, unsecured notes, and commercial paper. We have a mixture of fixed and floating interest rates and use interest rate swaps to provide further flexibility in managing the interest cost of borrowings. On August 5, 2024, we entered into an interest rate swap contract for a notional amount of $500 million, which was subsequently downsized to $400 million notional on November 4, 2024. Under the terms of the contract, we will pay a fixed rate of interest of 4.30% and receive a variable rate of interest, based on compound overnight SOFR, effective from August 12, 2024, through June 30, 2025, with monthly settlements commencing on September 1, 2024. The interest rate swap contract will economically hedge the SOFR component of our forecasted commercial paper issuances. debt consists of bank debt with a duration of less than 12 months and bank overdrafts which are classified as current due to the nature of the borrowings, except where we have the ability and intent to refinance and as such extend the debt beyond 12 months. The current portion of debt consists of debt amounts repayable within a year after the balance sheet date. 49 Our primary bank debt facilities and notes are unsecured and subject to negative pledge arrangements limiting the amount of secured indebtedness we can incur to 10.0% of our total tangible assets, subject to some exceptions and variations by facility. In addition, the covenants of the bank debt facilities require us to maintain a leverage ratio not higher than 3.9 times. The negative pledge arrangements and the financial covenants are defined in the related debt agreements. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under our bank debt facilities. Our net debt as of December 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024 was $6.5 billion and $6.1 billion, respectively. Debt Facilities As of December 31, 2024, we had undrawn committed credit facilities available in the amount of $2.1 billion. Our senior facilities are available to fund working capital, growth capital expenditures, and refinancing obligations and are provided to us by two bank syndicates. On April 23, 2024, we extended the maturity of our syndicated facility agreement by one year until April 2026. The syndicated facility agreement will be reduced from $1.9 billion to $1.7 billion effective April 2025. Our syndicated credit facility matures in April 2027 and provides a revolving credit facility of $1.9 billion. The facility has one 12-month option available to us to extend the maturity date and the facility has two 12-month options available to us to extend the maturity date. As of December 31, 2024, the revolving senior bank debt facilities had an aggregate limit of $3.8 billion, of which $1.7 billion had been drawn (inclusive of amounts drawn under commercial paper programs reducing the overall balance of available senior facilities). Subject to certain conditions, we can request the total commitment level under each agreement to be increased by up to $500 million. In connection with the contemplated Merger (refer to Note 3, "Pending Merger with Berry Global Group, Inc."), the Company entered into a commitment letter with lending institutions, dated as of November 19, 2024, to provide a 364-day senior unsecured bridge loan facility (the "Bridge Facility") in an aggregate principal amount of up to $3.0 billion to fund the repayment of certain outstanding debt of Berry upon the closing of the Merger, and the payment of fees and expenses related to the Merger. The Company paid a commitment fee of $11 million on the Bridge Facility in the three months ended December 31, 2024. The principal amount will be available in a single drawing on the closing date of the Merger. The Bridge Facility is subject to customary terms and conditions. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had not converted the commitment into a Bridge Facility and therefore there were no outstanding borrowings on the Bridge Facility. If the Company obtains additional funding by issuing securities or obtaining other loans, the amount of the Bridge Facility will be correspondingly reduced. Dividend Payments We declared and paid a $0.1250 cash dividend per ordinary share during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a $0.1275 cash dividend per ordinary share during the three months ended December 31, 2024. Credit Rating Our capital structure and financial practices have earned us investment grade credit ratings from two internationally recognized credit rating agencies. These investment grade credit ratings are important to our ability to issue debt at favorable rates of interest, for various terms, and from a diverse range of markets that are highly liquid, including European and U.S. debt capital markets, and from global financial institutions. Share Repurchases On February 7, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a $100 million buyback of ordinary shares and/or CHESS Depositary Instruments ("CDIs") in the following twelve months. On February 6, 2024, our Board of Directors extended the approval for the remaining $39 million of ordinary shares and CDIs of the $100 million buyback for twelve months. During the six months ended December 31, 2024, no shares were repurchased under this program. We had cash outflows of $47 million and $48 million for the purchase of our own shares during the six months ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively, as treasury shares to satisfy the vesting and exercises of compensation awards. As of December 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024, we held treasury shares at a cost of $10 million and $11 million, respectively, representing approximately 1 million shares at both dates. 50 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk There have been no material changes in our market risk during the three months ended December 31, 2024. For additional information, refer to Note 9, "Fair Value Measurements," and Note 10, "Derivative Instruments," in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and to "Item 7A. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 51 Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024. The term "disclosure controls and procedures," as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 52 Part II - Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings The material set forth in Note 17, "Contingencies and Legal Proceedings," in "Item 1. Financial Statements - Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors Other than the risk factors set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors contained in "Item 1A. - Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Risks Relating to the Pending Merger of Amcor and Berry The Merger is subject to a number of conditions that may not be satisfied on a timely basis or at all and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. As a result, there is no assurance when or if the Merger will be completed. Our obligation to complete the Merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied (or waived, to the extent permitted by law), including (i) the approval by (a) Amcor Ordinary Shares and (b) Amcor CDIs issued by Amcor through CHESS Depositary Nominees Pty Limited (collectively, "Amcor Shareholders") of a proposal to approve the issuance of Amcor Ordinary Shares to Berry Stockholders in connection with the Merger (such issuance, the “Share Issuance,” and such proposal, the “Amcor Share Issuance Proposal”); (ii) the approval by holders of Berry Common Stock (“Berry Stockholders”) of a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time (the “Berry Merger Proposal”); (iii) the expiration or earlier termination of any applicable waiting period under the Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act") and there not being in effect any agreement with either the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") or Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") not to consummate the Merger; (iv) the receipt of required authorizations or consents from federal, state, local or foreign governmental entity under certain antitrust or foreign investment law; (v) the absence of any law or order that has the effect of enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; (vi) the effectiveness of the registration statement, and approval for listing on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), with respect to the issuance of Amcor; (vii) the approval for listing of Amcor Ordinary Shares to be issued to Berry Stockholders in connection with the Merger; (viii) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Amcor and Berry; (ix) no change has occurred that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect with respect to Amcor and Berry; and (x) performance in all material respects by Amcor and Berry of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement. Many of these conditions to the consummation of the Merger are beyond our control and we cannot predict when, or if, these conditions will be satisfied or waived. Accordingly, the Merger may not be completed on the expected timing or at all. In addition, either Amcor or Berry may terminate the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, subject to the payment of a termination fee in certain cases. The termination fee contemplated by the Merger Agreement may have the effect of discouraging alternative transaction proposals involving Amcor or Berry. Any delay in completing the Merger could cause the combined company not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. Additionally, any delays in receipt of required regulatory approvals or satisfaction of the closing conditions will increase the length of time that we are subject to certain restrictive covenants under the Merger Agreement during the pendency of the Merger and increases the risk of disruptions to our operations and business relationships. Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are obligated to use (and to cause our subsidiaries to use) reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals and consents to complete the Merger. The governmental entities from which these approvals are required have broad discretion in administering applicable laws and regulations and may take into account various facts and circumstances in their consideration of the Merger. These governmental entities may be affected by government shutdowns, which could result in delays regarding any potential approvals or other actions, or other changes in the regulatory or legislative landscape. These governmental entities may initiate proceedings seeking to prevent the Merger. As a condition to the approval of the Merger or other transactions contemplated by 53 the Merger Agreement, these governmental entities also may seek to impose requirements, limitations or costs, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company after consummation of the Merger and neither Amcor or Berry is required under the Merger Agreement to agree to any such divestitures, remedies or other restrictions; provided, however, in furtherance of obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Amcor will and will cause its subsidiaries (including, following the consummation of the Merger, Berry and its subsidiaries) to, if necessary to resolve, avoid or eliminate impediments or objections, if any, that may be asserted with respect to the Merger under any antitrust law or foreign investment law, propose, commit to, effect or agree to, by consent decree, hold separate order, agreement or otherwise, (x) the sale, divestiture, license, holding separate or other disposition of businesses, assets, properties or product lines of Amcor, Berry or any of their respective subsidiaries that generated, in the aggregate, net sales of no more than $550 million during the 12-month period ended on June 30, 2024, or (y) any obligations or restrictions on future conduct or freedom of action of the businesses, assets, properties or product lines of Amcor, Berry or any of their respective subsidiaries (but Amcor is not required to agree to take or enter into any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to any such obligations or restrictions on future conduct or freedom of action of such businesses, assets, properties or product lines which would have more than a de minimis impact on the business of Amcor and Berry and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are obligated to use (and to cause our subsidiaries to use) reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to complete the Merger. Amcor and Berry may waive one or more of the conditions to the consummation of the Merger without resoliciting shareholder or stockholder approval, as applicable, and may terminate the Merger Agreement even if the Amcor Shareholder Approval and the Berry Stockholder Approval have been obtained. Certain conditions of the Merger may be waived, in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by agreement of Amcor and Berry if the condition is a condition to both parties’ obligation to complete the Merger or by the party for which such condition is a condition of its obligation to complete the Merger. In addition, Amcor and Berry can agree to terminate the Merger Agreement even if Amcor Shareholders have already approved the Amcor Share Issuance Proposal and Berry Stockholders have already approved the Berry Merger Proposal. Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact our business and financial results and the market prices of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs. If the Merger is not completed for any reason, including because Amcor Shareholders fail to approve the Amcor Share Issuance Proposal or because Berry Stockholders fail to approve the Berry Merger Proposal, the ongoing businesses of Amcor and Berry may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the expected benefits of having completed the Merger, Amcor and Berry would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: • we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market prices of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs; • we may experience negative reactions from our customers, business partners, suppliers, regulators and employees; • we will be required to pay certain transaction costs incurred in connection with the Merger, such as financial advisory, legal, accounting and printing fees, whether or not the Merger is completed; • we may be required to pay a termination fee under certain circumstances; • the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to consummation of the Merger, which could delay or prevent us from pursuing certain business opportunities, executing business strategies, or taking certain other specified actions during the pendency of the Merger and, which could limit our ability to respond to competitive or other developments or opportunities that arise prior to the completion of the Merger; • we will have committed substantial time and resources to matters relating to the Merger (including arranging financing and integration planning) which would otherwise have been devoted to operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company; and • we may be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Merger or related to any proceeding to specifically enforce our obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is not completed and any of these risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect Amcor’s business, results of operations, and financial condition, and the market prices of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs. During the pendency of the Merger, we are subject to certain restrictions on our business activities. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on our business activities prior to consummation of the Merger. In general, we are required to conduct our business in the ordinary course, subject to certain 54 exceptions. These restrictions may constrain or prevent us from pursuing business opportunities or executing on business strategies, which could limit our ability to respond to competitive or other developments that arise prior to the consummation of the Merger and could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. To the extent consummation of the Merger is delayed or the Merger Agreement is terminated, adverse effects arising from these restrictions could be exacerbated. The Merger Agreement limits our ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger. The Merger Agreement contains provisions that make it more difficult for us to enter into certain business combination transactions with a third party. The Merger Agreement contains certain provisions that restrict our ability to, among other things, solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any other action to knowingly facilitate any alternative transaction, participate in any discussions or negotiations, or cooperate in any way with any person, with respect to any alternative transaction, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Merger Agreement. In addition, following receipt by us of any alternative transaction proposal that constitutes a superior proposal, we will be required to discuss and negotiate in good faith with Berry to modify the terms of the Merger Agreement before the Amcor Board may withdraw or qualify its recommendation with respect to the Amcor Share Issuance Proposal, in favor of such superior proposal. These provisions could discourage a potential acquirer, strategic transaction partner or business combination partner that might have an interest in acquiring or combining with all or a significant portion of Amcor or pursuing an alternative transaction from considering or proposing such a transaction. If the Merger Agreement is terminated and Amcor determines to seek another business combination transaction, Amcor may not be able to successfully negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the Merger. In addition, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances, Amcor may be required to pay a termination fee of $260 million to the other party. We may have difficulty attracting, motivating, and retaining executives and other key employees, which could adversely affect our current business and operations during the pendency of the Merger and the future business and operations of the combined company following the Merger. The success of the Merger will depend in part on Amcor’s and Berry’s ability to retain the talents and dedication of the professionals currently employed by them. Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on Amcor and Berry employees and future operations may have an adverse effect on Amcor’s and Berry’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the Merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles in the combined company. If we are unable to retain key employees, we could face the loss of institutional knowledge and other operational, financial and strategic disruptions, which may diminish the anticipated benefits of the Merger and may have a negative effect on our business and operations during the pendency of the Merger. It is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with Amcor or Berry while the Merger is pending, or with the combined company following consummation of the Merger, including because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration, financial security or a desire not to become employees of the combined company. If key employees terminate their employment, or if an insufficient number of employees are retained to maintain effective operations, Amcor and the combined company may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, training and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. In addition, if Amcor and Berry are unable to retain personnel, including key management, who are critical to the future operations of the companies, Amcor could face disruptions to or distractions for management and the workforce as a whole, including disruptions associated with integrating employees into the combined company, loss of existing customers and loss of key information, expertise, skill sets or . Moreover, Amcor and Berry may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees that leave or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms. As a result, the combined company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger may be materially and adversely affected. No assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to attract or retain key employees of Amcor and Berry to the same extent that those companies have been able to attract or retain their employees in the past. Whether or not the Merger is completed, the pendency of the Merger could cause disruptions in our business and business relationships, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial results pending and following the Merger. The announcement and pendency of the Merger could cause disruptions in our business, including by diverting the attention of management and other employees, including those involved in operations of the business, toward the 55 consummation of the Merger. In addition, management has devoted significant management time and other resources in an effort to complete the Merger. If the Merger is not completed, we will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit. Parties with whom we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Merger, including with respect to existing or future business relationships following the Merger. Our business relationships may be subject to disruption if suppliers, customers or other business partners attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than Amcor or Berry during the pendency of or following the Merger. These disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, regardless of whether the Merger is completed, as well as a material and adverse effect on the combined company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of the Merger. The adverse effect of any such disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in consummation of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. We expect to incur substantial costs in connection with the Merger. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur a substantial amount of costs associated with negotiating and completing the Merger, combining the operations of the two companies and working to achieve synergies, including financial, legal, accounting and consulting advisory fees, employee retention, severance and benefit costs, public relations, proxy solicitation and filing fees and printing and mailing costs. Some of these costs are payable regardless of whether the Merger is completed. The combined company will also incur restructuring and integration costs in connection with the Merger. There are processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with the Merger and the integration of Berry’s business into the combined company. The elimination of duplicative costs, strategic benefits and additional income, as well as any realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may not offset transaction and integration costs in the near term or at all. While we have assumed that certain expenses would be incurred in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of such expenses. We may be a target of securities class action and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Merger from being completed. Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into acquisition or merger agreements. Even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. Additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting consummation of the Merger, that injunction may delay or prevent the transaction from being completed, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Relating to the Combined Company The combined company may be unable to successfully integrate the businesses of Amcor and Berry in the expected time frame or at all. The success of the Merger will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully integrate our business with the business of Berry. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and we will be required to devote significant management time and resources to integrating the businesses and operations of the two companies. Challenges involved in this integration includes the following: • combining the businesses of Amcor and Berry in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the synergies, efficiencies and growth opportunities anticipated to result from the Merger; • retaining and integrating personnel; • harmonizing each company’s operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; • maintaining existing relationships with each company’s customers, suppliers and other partners and leveraging relationships with such third parties for the benefit of the combined company; • addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; • consolidating each company’s administrative and information technology infrastructure; and 56 • coordinating geographically dispersed organizations. There can be no assurances that our business can be integrated successfully with the business of Berry. If we are not able to successfully integrate Berry’s business into the combined company within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. If key employees terminate their employment, or if an insufficient number of employees are retained to maintain effective operations, the combined company may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, training and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. In addition, if we are unable to retain personnel, including key management, who are critical to the future operations of the companies, we could face disruptions to or distractions for management and the workforce as a whole. It is possible that the integration process could result in our inability to maintain relationships with our and Berry’s customers, suppliers, strategic partners and other business relationships, the disruption our ongoing business, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, and higher than expected integration costs. We may not have discovered certain liabilities or other matters related to Berry, which may adversely affect the future financial performance of the combined company. In the course of the due diligence review that we conducted prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, we may not have discovered, or may have been unable to properly quantify, certain liabilities of Berry or other factors that may have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of the combined company after the consummation of the Merger. The combined company may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger. The combined company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger in the time frame anticipated, or at all, is subject to a number of assumptions, which may or may not prove to be accurate, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Difficulties in successfully integrating the two businesses and managing the expanded operations of the combined company could result in increased costs, decreased revenue and the diversion of management’s time, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the combined company. Even if the two businesses are integrated successfully, the combined company may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, including the anticipated cost savings, synergies and other efficiencies, that are currently expected. Moreover, some of the anticipated benefits are not expected to occur for a period of time following the consummation of the Merger and may involve unanticipated costs in order to be fully realized. If the combined company is not able to achieve these objectives and realize the anticipated benefits expected from the Merger within the anticipated timeframe or at all, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and the market price of Amcor Ordinary Shares could be negatively impacted. Consummation of the Merger may trigger change in control, assignment or other provisions in certain agreements to which Berry is a party, which may have an adverse impact on the combined company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. The consummation of the Merger may trigger change in control, assignment and other provisions in certain agreements to which Berry or any of its subsidiaries is a party. If Berry is unable to negotiate modifications, waivers or consents with respect to those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages or other remedies. Even if Berry is able to negotiate modifications, waivers or consents, the counterparties may require a fee for such modifications, waivers or consents or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to the combined company. Any of the foregoing or similar developments may have an adverse impact on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the combined company and its ability to successfully integrate the two businesses. Third parties may seek to modify contractual relationships with the combined company, which could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business and operations. As a result of the Merger, the combined company may experience impacts on relationships with third parties, including customers, suppliers and other partners, that may harm the combined company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Certain counterparties may seek to terminate or modify contractual obligations following the Merger whether or not contractual rights are triggered as a result of the Merger. If any contractual counterparties seek to terminate or modify 57 contractual obligations or discontinue the relationship with the combined company, then the combined company’s business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. The combined company’s significant indebtedness may limit its flexibility and increase its borrowing costs. The combined company’s indebtedness following the consummation of the Merger may have the effect, among other things, of reducing its flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. In addition, the amount of cash required to service the indebtedness levels will be greater than the amount of cash flows required to service the indebtedness of Amcor or Berry individually prior to the Merger. The level of indebtedness could also reduce funds available to fund integration efforts and realize expected benefits of the Merger or engage in investments in product development, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels. The combined company may be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. The combined company’s ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, its financial condition and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond its control. There can be no assurance that the combined company will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on acceptable terms or at all. Adverse changes in Amcor’s or Berry’s credit ratings may adversely affect Amcor’s or the combined company’s respective businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings, and, as a result, cost of capital. Credit ratings reflect each rating organization’s opinion of a company’s financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet debt obligations. Each of the ratings organizations reviews Amcor’s and Berry’s ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that Amcor’s or Berry’s current ratings will be maintained in the future. Downgrades in Amcor’s or Berry’s credit ratings could adversely affect Amcor’s or the combined company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if the Merger is completed and Berry’s debt securities are downgraded and rated below investment grade, this may, in certain circumstances, constitute a change of control triggering event under the indentures governing such debt. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event, Berry would be required to offer to repurchase certain of its outstanding notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest if any, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. Amcor cannot provide any assurance that there will be sufficient funds available for Amcor to make any required repurchases of any of Berry’s outstanding notes upon a change of control triggering event. The future results of the combined company may be adversely impacted if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations following consummation of the Merger. Following consummation of the Merger, the size of the combined company’s business will be significantly larger than the current size of Amcor’s business. The combined company’s ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management’s ability to implement an effective integration of the two companies and its ability to manage a combined business with significantly larger size and scope with the associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that the management of the combined company will be successful or that the combined company will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the Merger. The market price of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs following the Merger and may be affected by factors different from, or in addition to, those that historically have affected or currently affect the market prices of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs. Amcor’s business differs from that of Berry and following the consummation of the Merger, Amcor will operate an expanded business with more assets and a different mix of liabilities. Amcor’s results of operations, financial condition and the market price of Amcor Ordinary Shares may be adversely affected by factors different from those that historically have affected our results of operations, financial condition, and market price. Accordingly, the market price and performance of Amcor Ordinary Shares is likely to be different from the performance of Amcor Ordinary Shares in the absence of the Merger. Specific factors that may have a significant effect on the market price of Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs include, among others, the following: • changes in stock market analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding Amcor Ordinary Shares or other comparable companies; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in Amcor’s revenue stream or future prospects; 58 • reaction to public announcements by Amcor following the Merger; • strategic actions taken by Amcor or its competitors, such as acquisitions; • failure of Amcor to achieve the perceived benefits of the Merger, including expected financial results and anticipated synergies, as rapidly as or to the extent anticipated by Amcor or financial or industry analysts; • new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to Amcor’s business and operations or the packaging industry; • changes in tax or accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and • adverse conditions in the financial markets or general U.S. or international economic conditions, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism and responses to such events. In addition, Amcor Shareholders may not wish to continue to invest in the combined company or may wish to reduce their investment in the combined company, including in order to comply with institutional investing guidelines, to increase diversification, to track any rebalancing of stock indices in which Amcor Ordinary Shares are included, to respond to the risk profile of the combined company or to realize a gain. If, following the Merger, large amounts of Amcor Ordinary Shares are sold, the market price of Amcor Ordinary Shares could decline. Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, distributed to Amcor Shareholders following the Merger will be uncertain. Although Amcor has paid cash dividends on Amcor Ordinary Shares and Amcor CDIs in the past, the Amcor Board may determine, following the consummation of the Merger, not to declare dividends in the future or may reduce the amount of dividends paid in the future. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the Amcor Board and will depend on Amcor’s results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other considerations that the Amcor Board deems relevant, including, but not limited to: • decisions on whether, when and in which amounts to make any future distributions will remain at all times entirely at the discretion of the Amcor Board, which could change its dividend practices at any time and for any reason; • Amcor’s desire to maintain or improve the credit ratings on its debt; • restrictions on making a distributions under the Jersey Companies Law; and • the agreements governing Amcor’s indebtedness. Amcor Shareholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends that have not been declared. In addition, as a Jersey public limited company and UK resident for tax purposes, Amcor does not and will not pay franked dividends for Australian tax purposes. Current Amcor Shareholders will have a reduced share of ownership and voting interest in the combined company following the Merger. Amcor Shareholders as of immediately prior to the Merger are expected to collectively own approximately 63% of the outstanding capital stock of Amcor and Berry Stockholders as of immediately prior to the Merger are expected to collectively own approximately 37% of the outstanding capital stock of Amcor, each calculated based on the fully diluted market capitalizations of Amcor and Berry as of the date of signing of the Merger Agreement. As a result, current Amcor Shareholders will have less influence over the management and policies of Amcor following the consummation of the Merger than they currently have over the management and policies of Amcor. The exact ownership interests of Amcor Shareholders in the combined company immediately following the Merger will depend on the number of Amcor Ordinary Shares and the number of shares of Berry Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. Risks Relating to Tax Matters Additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on Amcor’s financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity. We operate in a number of jurisdictions and will accordingly be subject to tax in several jurisdictions. The tax rules to which our entities are subject are complex and Amcor and its current and future subsidiaries will be required to make judgments (including certain judgments based on external advice) as to the interpretation and application of these rules, both as to the Merger and as to the operations of Amcor and our current and future subsidiaries. The interpretation and application of these laws could be challenged by relevant governmental authorities, which could result in administrative or judicial procedures, actions or sanctions, the ultimate outcome of which could adversely affect us after the Merger. We are currently subject to ongoing routine tax inquiries, investigations, and/or audits in various jurisdictions and the tax affairs of Amcor and our current 59 and future subsidiaries will in the ordinary course be reviewed by tax authorities, who may disagree with certain positions taken and assess additional taxes. We will regularly assess the likely outcomes of such tax inquiries, investigations or audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provisions. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these inquiries, investigations or audits and the actual outcomes of these inquiries, investigations or audits could have a material impact on our financial results. Operational Risk Attracting and Retaining Skilled Workforce — If we are unable to attract and retain our global executive management team and our skilled workforce, we may be adversely affected. Our continued success depends on our ability to identify, attract, develop, and retain skilled and diverse personnel in our global executive management team and our operations. We focus on our talent acquisition processes, as well as our onboarding and talent and leadership programs, to ensure that our key new hires and skilled personnel’s efficiency and effectiveness align with Amcor’s values and ways of working. In March 2024, we announced the retirement of our Chief Executive Officer Ron Delia and the appointment of Peter Konieczny as our Interim Chief Executive Officer. On September 4, 2024, after a robust internal and external search, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Konieczny as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Any failure to successfully transition key roles could impact our ability to execute on our strategic plans, make it difficult to meet our performance objectives, and be disruptive to our business. We are also, at times, impacted by regional labor shortages, inflationary pressures on wages, a competitive labor market, and changing demographics. While we have been successful to date in responding to regional labor shortages and maintaining plans for continuity of succession, there can be no assurance that we will be able to manage future labor shortages or recruit, develop, assimilate, motivate, and retain employees in the future who actively promote and meet the standards of our culture. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Share Repurchases We did not repurchase shares during the three months ended December 31, 2024. The table below is presented in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per share amounts, which are expressed in U.S. dollars: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (1) October 1 - 31, 2024 — $ — — $ 39 November 1 - 30, 2024 — — — 39 December 1 - 31, 2024 — — — 39 Total — $ — — (1) On February 7, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an on market share buyback of up to $100 million of ordinary shares and/or CDIs during the following twelve months. On February 6, 2024, our Board of Directors extended the approval for the remaining $39 million of ordinary shares and/or CDIs of the $100 million buyback for an additional twelve months. The timing, volume, and nature of share repurchases may be amended, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. 60 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended December 31, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “ 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 61 Item 6. Exhibits The documents in the accompanying Exhibits Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and such Exhibits Index is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 2 .1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 19, 2024, by and among Amcor plc, Aurora Spirit, Inc. and Berry Global Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2024). 10 .1 Letter Agreement between Amcor Rigid Plastics USA Inc. and Eric Roegner, effective as of January 1, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2025).* 22 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities . 31 .1 Chief Executive Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31 .2 Chief Financial Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 . 101 .INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101 .SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 .CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 .DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 .LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101 .PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 62 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AMCOR PLC Date February 5, 2025 By /s/ Michael Casamento Michael Casamento, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date February 5, 2025 By /s/ Julie Sorrells Julie Sorrells, Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 63