BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc has commenced a share buyback programme of up to £300 million, intended to reduce the company's share capital through the cancellation of repurchased ordinary shares. The first tranche, valued at a maximum of £200 million, will run from 24 April 2026 to 11 September 2026, with the overall programme concluding by 27 February 2027. This buyback is within the authority granted by shareholders at the 3 July 2025 annual general meeting, which permits the repurchase of up to 205,181,434 shares. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 24 April 2026 24 April 2026 J Sainsbury plc (the 'Company') Commencement of Share Buyback Programme Further to the announcement of 23 April 2026, J Sainsbury plc is pleased to announce the commencement of a share buyback programme of up to £300 million, to be completed by the end of this financial year, 27 February 2027. The first tranche of the share buyback programme (the "Programme") will be for a maximum aggregate market value equivalent to £200 million which will be bought back in the form of the Company's ordinary shares. The Programme will commence on 24 April 2026 and will end on or before the first half of this financial year, 11 September 2026. The sole purpose of the Programme is to reduce the Company's share capital. The Company intends to cancel the repurchased ordinary shares. The Company has entered into non-discretionary instructions with Shore Capital Stockbrokers Limited to conduct the Programme on its behalf and to make trading decisions under the Programme independently of the Company. The Programme will take place within the limitations of the authority granted to the Board of the Company by its annual general meeting, held on 3 July 2025, pursuant to which the maximum number of shares to be bought back by the Company (after taking account of shares already purchased by the Company since that date) is 205,181,434. LEI number: 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 Enquiries Investor Relations Media James Collins Rebecca Reilly +44 ( 0) 7801 813 074 +44 (0) 20 7695 7295 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and