BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 4,000,000 ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each to the main market, with admission expected on 9 March 2026. These shares are being reserved under a block admission and are anticipated to be issued from the exercise of share options under the Savings-Related Share Option Scheme, ranking pari passu with existing shares upon issuance. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 05 March 2026 5 March 2026 J Sainsbury plc (the 'Company') Additional Listing The Company hereby notifies the market that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for a total of 4,000,000 ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each ('Shares') for admission to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. Admission of the Shares is expected at 8am on 9 March 2026. These Shares are being reserved under a block admission. It is anticipated that the Shares will be issued as a result of the exercise of share options granted pursuant to the Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (also known as Sharesave). When issued, these Shares will rank pari passu with the existing Shares. For further information, please contact Helen Porter, Assistant Company Secretary on +44 (0)1908 081272. LEI number: 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and