BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc announced that on June 9, 2026, two Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) were granted options under the Company's Savings-Related Share Option Scheme. Graham Biggart received options for 2,020 ordinary shares at an exercise price of £2.45, exercisable between August 1, 2029, and January 31, 2030. Tracey Clements was granted options for 3,714 ordinary shares at the same £2.45 exercise price and exercisable within the same timeframe. These grants are part of a three-year savings term. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 10 June 2026 10 June 2026 J Sainsbury plc (the 'Company') Notification of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ('PDMRs') The Company confirms that on 9 June 2026, the following PDMR's were granted options to buy the Company's ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each ('Shares') at an option price of £2.45 per Share under the terms of the Company's Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (also known as Sharesave). PDMR Number of options granted Savings term Options exercisable between Graham Biggart 2,020 3 years 1 August 2029 to 31 January 2030 Tracey Clements 3,714 3 years 1 August 2029 to 31 January 2030 The Notification of Dealing Form for each PDMR can be found below. This notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information, please contact: Helen Porter Assistant Company Secretary 01908 081272 Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Graham Biggart 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Managing Director Argos and Chief Strategy Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name J Sainsbury plc b) LEI 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each Identification code ISIN: GB00B019KW72 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options over shares under the J Sainsbury plc Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (also known as Sharesave) c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.45 2,020 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price Aggregated volume £2.45 2,020 e) Date of the transaction 9 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tracey Clements 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Retail, Logistics and Supply Chain Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name J Sainsbury plc b) LEI 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each Identification code ISIN: GB00B019KW72 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options over shares under the J Sainsbury plc Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (also known as Sharesave) c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.45 3,714 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price Aggregated volume £2.45 3,714 e) Date of the transaction 9 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and