Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 32 Recent Developments and Significant Items 32 Business Trends 35 Financial Measures 37 Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results 38 Discussion and Analysis of Historical Results 41 Summary of Results 41 Liquidity and Capital Resources 49 Commodity Trends 51 Critical Accounting Estimates 52 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 56 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 58 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 58 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 60 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 61 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 62 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 63 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 64 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 65 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 110 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 110 Item 9B. Other Information 111 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 111 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 112 Item 11. Executive Compensation 112 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 112 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 112 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 112 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 113 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 116 Signatures 117 In this report, for all periods presented, “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company” and “Mondelēz International” refer to Mondelēz International, Inc. and subsidiaries. References to “Common Stock” refer to our Class A Common Stock. Table of Contents Statements This report contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements other than statements of historical fact are “ statements” for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management, including for future operations, capital expenditures or share repurchases; any statements concerning proposed new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief or expectation; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing or other future events. statements may include, among others, the words, and variations of words, “will,” “may,” “expect,” “would,” “could,” “might,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “likely,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “objective,” “predict,” “project,” “drive,” “seek,” “aim,” “target,” "remain," “potential,” “commitment,” “outlook,” “continue” or any other similar words. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our statements are reasonable, actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and are amplified by ongoing macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate. Important factors that could cause our actual results or performance to differ materially from those contained in or implied by our statements include, but are not limited to, the following: • weakness and/or volatility in macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation (and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation) and the instability of certain financial institutions; • risks from operating globally including geopolitical, trade, tariff and regulatory uncertainties affecting developed and emerging markets; • volatility of cocoa and other commodity input costs, our ability to effectively hedge such costs and the availability of commodities; • geopolitical uncertainty, including the impact of ongoing or new developments in Ukraine and the Middle East, related current and future sanctions imposed by governments and other authorities and related impacts, including on our business operations, employees, reputation, brands, financial condition and results of operations; • competition and our response to channel shifts and pricing and other competitive pressures; • pricing actions and customer and consumer responses to such actions; • promotion and protection of our reputation and brand image; • weakness in consumer spending and/or changes in consumer preferences and demand and our ability to predict, identify, interpret and meet these changes; • the outcome and effects on us of legal and tax proceedings and government investigations; • use of information technology and third party service providers; • unanticipated disruptions to our business, such as malware incidents, cyberattacks or other security breaches, and supply, commodity, labor and transportation constraints; • our ability to identify, complete, manage and realize the full extent of the benefits, cost savings, efficiencies and/or synergies presented by strategic acquisitions and other transactions as well as other strategic initiatives, such as our ERP System Implementation program; • our investments and our ownership interests in those investments; • restructuring actions and other transformation initiatives not yielding the anticipated benefits; • changes in the assumptions on which restructuring actions or other transformation initiatives are based; • the impact of climate change on our supply chain and operations; • global or regional health pandemics or epidemics; • consolidation of retail customers and competition with retailer and other economy brands; • changes in our relationships with customers, suppliers or distributors; • management of our workforce and shifts in labor availability or labor costs; • compliance with legal, regulatory, tax and benefit laws and related changes, claims or actions; • perceived or actual product quality issues or product recalls; • failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; • our ability to protect our intellectual property and intangible assets; 1 Table of Contents • tax matters including changes in tax laws and rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes; • changes in currency exchange rates, controls and restrictions; • volatility of and access to capital or other markets, interest rates, the effectiveness of our cash management programs and our liquidity; • pension costs; • significant changes in valuation factors that may adversely affect our impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets; and • the risks and uncertainties, as they may be amended from time to time, set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any statements we make. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any statement in this report except as required by applicable law or regulation. In addition, historical, current and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. General Mondelēz International’s purpose is to empower people to snack right. We sell our products in over 150 c ountries around the world. We are one of the world’s largest snack companies with global net revenues of $38.5 billion and net earnings of $2.5 billion in 2025. Our core business is making and selling chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks. We also have additional businesses in adjacent, locally relevant categories including gum & candy, cheese & grocery and powdered beverages. Our portfolio includes iconic global and local brands such as Oreo, Ritz, LU, Clif Bar and Tate’s Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks, as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate. We strive to create a positive impact on the world and communities in which we operate while driving business performance. Our goal is to lead the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. We aim to deliver a broad range of delicious, snacks that nourish life’s moments, made with sustainable ingredients and packaging. Strategy We aim to be the global leader in snacking by focusing on growth, execution, culture and sustainability. We are optimizing our portfolio of leading brands and have refined our strategy to accelerate growth, prioritizing our core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks. Our strategic plan builds on our strong foundations, including leadership in attractive categories, an attractive global footprint, a strong core of iconic global and local brands, marketing, sales, distribution and cost excellence capabilities and top talent with a growth mindset. Our plan to drive growth includes four strategic priorities: • Accelerate growth. Our consumers are the reason we want to be the best snacking company in the world, and we put them at the heart of everything we do. With our consumers in mind, we are focused on accelerating and increasing our focus on chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks by investing in both our global and local brands. We are working to deliver growth in key geographies, expand our presence in high growth channels and increase our presence in segments and price tiers. As demands on consumers’ time increase and consumer eating habits evolve, we aim to meet consumers' snacking needs. We plan to test, learn and scale new product offerings quickly to meet diverse and evolving global and local snacking demand. • Drive operational excellence. Our operational excellence and continuous improvement plans include a special focus on the areas of our business and optimizing our sales, marketing and customer service efforts. To drive productivity gains and cost improvements across our business, we also plan to continue leveraging our global shared services platform, driving greater efficiencies in our supply chain informed by a approach and applying strong cost discipline across our operations. We expect the improvements and efficiencies we drive will fuel our growth and continue to expand profit dollars. We are also focused on boosting digital commerce and on our digital transformation program that will help us to meet consumer demand and generate incremental sales opportunities. • Build a winning growth culture. To support the acceleration of our growth, we are becoming more agile, digital and focused. We are committed to investing in a diverse and talented workforce that helps our business move forward with greater speed and agility along with growth capabilities. We empower our local teams to innovate and deliver consumers’ snacking needs while continuing to leverage our global scale to efficiently support our growth strategy. We have given our local teams more autonomy to drive commercial and innovation plans as they are closer to the needs and desires of consumers. We will continue to leverage the efficiency and scale of our regional operating units while empowering our local and commercial operations to respond faster to changing consumer preferences and capitalize on growth opportunities. We believe our efforts to continue advancing a winning growth culture will help drive profitable growth. 3 Table of Contents • Scale sustainable snacking . We continue to focus significant efforts to drive progress against our core initiatives for more sustainable and mindful snacking. We have a clear strategic approach to focus on the areas where we believe we can drive the most impact with a sustainable snacking strategy, with environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) goals and initiatives that include significant involvement and oversight by our leadership and Board of Directors. This includes ongoing efforts to sustainably source key ingredients, reduce our environmental impact and enhance our processes and packaging to reduce waste and promote recycling. Please refer to our Sustainability and Mindful Snacking section below for additional information. We run our business with a perspective and we believe the successful delivery of our strategic plan will drive consistent top- and growth and enable us to create value for our shareholders. Global Operations We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 145 principal manufacturing and processing facilities across 49 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 75.8% in 2025, 74.0% in 2024 and 73.4% in 2023. For more information on our U.S. and .S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and on risks related to our operations outside the United States, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors . We also monitor our revenue growth across emerging markets and developed markets: • Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Türkiye, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries. • Our developed markets include the entire North America region, the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and Australia, New Zealand and Japan from the AMEA region. Reportable Segments Our operations and management structure are organized into four operating segments: • Latin America • AMEA • Europe • North America We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. Please refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. Product Categories Our brands span five product categories: • Biscuits & Baked Snacks (including cookies, crackers, salted snacks, snack bars and cakes & pastries) • Chocolate • Gum & candy • Beverages • Cheese & grocery Seasonality Demand for our products is generally balanced throughout the year, with increases in the fourth quarter primarily because of holidays and other seasonal events. Depending on the timing of Easter, the holiday sales may shift between and affect net revenue in the first and second quarter. 4 Table of Contents Customers We generally sell our products to supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores and other retail food outlets. We also sell products directly to businesses and consumers through various pure play e-retail platforms, retailer digital platforms, our websites and social media platforms. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2025. For a discussion of demographics, consumer trends and demand, refer to Business Trends within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Distribution and Marketing Our product distribution network encompasses direct store delivery, and satellite warehouses, distribution centers, third party distributors and other facilities. Additionally, we leverage the services of independent sales offices and agents in various international locations. Through our global digital commerce organization and capabilities, we pursue online growth with partners in key markets around the world, including both pure e-tailers and retailers. We continue to invest in advertising and consumer promotions, talent and digital capabilities. Our digital commerce channel strategies play a critical role in our ambition to be the global leader in snacking. Our marketing initiatives are categorized in three principal sets of activities: (i) consumer marketing and advertising including digital and social media, , print, outdoor and other product promotions; (ii) consumer sales incentives such as coupons and rebates; and (iii) trade promotions to support price features, displays and other merchandising of our products by our customers. Research, Development and Innovation Our innovation and new product development objectives include growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction, reduced production costs and continuous improvement in food safety and quality. We have established a robust framework for innovation to drive a technology pipeline supporting the creation of new product bundles across short-, medium- and horizons. These bundles enhance our portfolio to address evolving consumer preferences, market trends and nutritional needs, as well as reduce our environmental impact. We work to test and learn new ideas and implement successful ones into other areas of our business. To drive growth, creativity, greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery, we are focusing our technical research and development resources at technical centers around the globe. In 2025, we further enhanced these capabilities through the expansion of our R&D Innovation and Consumer Research Centers as well as collaborative programs that support ideation and experimentation to challenge traditional product development. Mindful snacking and sustainability are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. We work to introduce new varieties of our core products, including new taste or nutrition profiles that cater to evolving consumer preferences, such as the launch of chocolate innovations combining Biscoff with Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and other key brands in Europe as well as zero sugar Bournvita in India. Additionally, we continue to expand our portfolio of cakes and pastries in new markets and with updated formats including Oreo cakester line extensions and Milka and Lacta croissants in Europe and Brazil, respectively. Our dedicated innovation and venture hub, SnackFutures, is specifically tailored to leverage emerging consumer trends and growth opportunities in mindful snacking. The core objectives of this group are aligned with three key strategic areas: invent new brands and businesses, invest in entrepreneurs and amplify SnackFutures’ influence through the CoLab engagement and mentoring programs built to equip with essential tools, technologies and expertise that can help them learn, grow and succeed. Competition We operate in highly competitive markets that are comprised of global, regional and local competitors, including new brands and businesses. Some competitors have different profit objectives and investment time horizons than we do and therefore may approach pricing and promotional decisions differently. We compete based on product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, service, product innovation, taste, convenience, nutritional value, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, effectiveness of our digital and other sales and marketing strategies, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activities and price. Our advantaged global 5 Table of Contents footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a commercial focus with a broad array of product formats, pack sizes and price points, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and supply chain networks and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. Raw Materials and Packaging We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, edible oils, sugar and other sweeteners, flavoring agents and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of packaging materials to package our products and natural gas, fuels and electricity for our factories and warehouses. We monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost and currency trends so we can sustainably and secure ingredients, packaging and fuel required for production. A number of external factors such as the current macroeconomic environment, including global inflation and the effects of geopolitical uncertainty, climate, weather and other conditions affecting plant health and crop yield, commodity, transportation and labor market conditions, exchange rate volatility and the effects of global and local regulations, including trade policies, governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, such as dairy, where there is a limited ability to hedge, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. For additional information, refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Commodity Trends . Human Capital We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a , global company. Our employees contribute to our success and help us drive strong financial performance. Attracting, developing and retaining global talent with the right skills to drive our business is central to our purpose, mission and growth strategy. Workforce Profile : At December 31, 2025, we had approximately 91,000 employees. At December 31, 2025, our workforce was composed of approximately 12,000 U.S. employees and approximately 79,000 employees outside the United States, with employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils representing approximately 22% of our U.S. employees and approximately 56% of our employees outside the United States. Workplace Safety and Wellness : We seek to promote a strong culture of safety and prioritize keeping our employees, contractors and visitors safe. To accomplish this, we employ comprehensive health, safety and environment management policies and standards throughout the organization. In addition, we strive to continuously improve our work processes, tools and metrics to mitigate and prevent workplace injuries and enhance safety. We remain committed to providing a modern and flexible approach to how and where we work. Our hybrid work model allows our employees to engage with colleagues, customers and suppliers on a regular basis while also leveraging innovative technology to optimize collaboration across geographically dispersed teams. Talent Management and Development: Maintaining a robust pipeline of talent is crucial to our ongoing success and to our succession planning efforts across the organization. Our leadership and people teams are responsible for attracting and retaining top talent by facilitating an environment where employees feel supported and encouraged in their professional and personal development. Specifically, we review strategic positions regularly and identify potential internal candidates to fill those roles, evaluating job skill sets to identify competency gaps and creating developmental plans to facilitate employee 6 Table of Contents professional growth. We believe in supporting a healthy balance between development and advancement of internal talent and infusion of new talent and capabilities to enhance our teams. We invest in our employees through training and development programs, on the job experiences, coaching, as well as tuition reimbursement, for a majority of our employees in the United States to promote continued professional growth. We provide access to technical and leadership development programs to enable colleagues to grow skills and capabilities to become more successful. We also have dedicated talent programs that support and accelerate leadership development and strengthen our succession plans. We have expanded and increased global participation in our Talent Marketplace, a development solution that helps connect employees to ‘gig’ opportunities. Additionally, coaching, mentoring and development solutions are provided to colleagues to support leadership, team effectiveness and performance. Culture and Employee Engagement: We believe that a diverse workforce with a range of experiences and perspectives is a significant driver of sustainable innovation and growth. We continue to focus on creating an inclusive culture for employees, providing employees with opportunities through our development programs and policies. We believe a culture where employees feel heard and managers take action is key to building a workforce that can deliver sustainable business growth. We conduct confidential engagement surveys of our global workforce annually that are administered and analyzed by an independent third party. Aggregate survey results include external benchmark comparisons and are reviewed by executive officers and the Board of Directors. Based on the results, we create action plans at global, regional, functional and managerial levels. By acting on results both at an aggregate enterprise level and a department/business/work group level, we have been able to enhance our culture and improve our overall engagement. Total Rewards : As part of our total rewards philosophy, we aim to offer competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. Our compensation programs are designed to reinforce our growth agenda and talent strategy as well as drive a strong connection between the contributions of our employees and their pay. We believe the structure of our compensation packages provides the appropriate incentives to attract, retain and motivate our employees. Further, to foster a strong sense of ownership and align the interests of employees with shareholders, we grant incentives to many employees. We also continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ health and wellness needs. We provide access to medical and welfare benefits and offer programs to employees that support balance, including paid parental leave. Additionally, we offer physical and mental health resources, including employee assistance programs, to our global employees. We are committed to equal pay for equal work, regardless of personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider various factors such as an employee’s role and experience, job location and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices to promote fair and equitable pay. With the support of an independent consultant in this field, we conduct global pay equity reviews for salaried employees based on gender and, in the United States, race (as permitted by local country law). Our last global analysis in 2025 encompassed 78 countries and approximately 36,000 employees. From this analysis, our pay gap between male and female employees was less than 1% when performing substantially similar work at Mondelēz. In the United States, we also review pay for salaried employees in the same pay grade by race/ethnicity (Asian, Black and Hispanic). The 2025 independent analysis found no systemic issues and no negative pay gap between and white employees when performing substantially similar work at Mondelēz. Sustainability and Mindful Snacking Snacking Made Right is the lens through which we determine our ESG priorities to deliver on our mission of leading the future of snacking by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. We have a defined strategic approach to making snacking right, so we can drive innovative, more sustainable business growth. We focus on key areas where we believe we can deliver greater growth while having a positive impact. Our strategy and goals in these key focus areas are part of supporting our growth around the world and underpinned by our focus on promoting a culture of safety, quality and inclusivity. Our goals include more sustainable sourcing of key ingredients, reducing our environmental footprint, promoting the rights of people across 7 Table of Contents our value chain, and evolving our portfolio to offer a broader range of snacks addressing consumer needs while encouraging consumers to snack mindfully. The Governance, Membership and Sustainability Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our ESG policies and programs related to corporate citizenship, social responsibility, and public policy issues significant to us such as sustainability and environmental responsibility; food labeling, marketing and packaging; philanthropic and political activities and contributions; and Board of Directors’ ESG education and capabilities. The People and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our human capital priorities, as well as workplace safety and employee wellness, pay equity, talent sourcing strategies, talent management and development programs and KPIs for incentive plans. The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our safety priorities, goals and performance, as well as our disclosures in SEC filings, including controls and assurance. Our ESG goals are part of our risk and strategic planning processes and are also embedded across our organization and within our annual incentive compensation program for our leadership. Business leadership teams and our Board of Directors regularly review progress toward these programs and priorities. We discuss our ESG goals and programs in detail in our annual Snacking Made Right report available on our website. We also publish an ESG disclosure data sheet and are aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and Task Force on Financial Disclosures reporting frameworks. We also provide our annual CDP Climate Change, Water Security and Forests disclosure. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property rights (including trademarks, patents, copyrights, registered designs, proprietary trade secrets, recipes, technology and ) are material to our business. We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business. From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the of our North American grocery business in 2012. Regulation Our food products and ingredients are subject to local, national and multinational laws and regulations related to labeling; claims; packaging; production, sale and distribution; quality and safety; marketing and advertising; and related areas. In addition, various jurisdictions regulate our operations by licensing and inspecting our manufacturing plants and facilities, enforcing standards for select food products, grading food products, and regulating trade practices related to the sale and pricing of our food products. Many of the food commodities we use in our operations are subject to government agricultural policy and intervention. These policies have substantial effects on prices and supplies and are subject to periodic governmental and administrative review. Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include, without limitation, workplace safety regulations; selective food taxes; data privacy and cybersecurity; ingredient, product, processing or other restrictions, labeling requirements such as labeling based on nutrient profiles or environmental claims; sales, media, or marketing restrictions such as those on promotions or advertising products with certain nutrient profiles on certain channels or platforms or during certain hours of the day; sanctions; export controls on sales or 8 Table of Contents sourcing of raw materials; trade concessions or border barriers; corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; and packaging taxes. In addition, many Member States in the European Union have implemented extended producer responsibility (“EPR”) policies as part of national packaging waste policies that make manufacturers responsible for the cost of recycling food and beverage packaging after consumers use it. These range from mandatory regulations to voluntary agreements between government and industry to voluntary industry initiatives. In addition, the European Union has adopted its Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive. EPR policies are being implemented or contemplated in other jurisdictions around the world, including India, Vietnam and certain states in the United States. plastic bans or plastic taxes are being implemented or considered in Europe as well as countries in Southeast Asia. Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. Differences in government measures and/or uneven enforcement of similar measures across jurisdictions could impact our operations. We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information. 9 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The following are our executive officers as of February 4, 2026: Name Age Title Dirk Van de Put 65 Chief Executive Officer Luca Zaramella 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Deepak D. Iyer 58 Executive Vice President and President, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Volker Kuhn 58 Executive Vice President and President, Europe Stephanie Lilak 56 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Mariano C. Lozano 59 Executive Vice President and President, Latin America Martin Renaud 58 Executive Vice President , Chief Marketing and Sales Officer Laura Stein 64 Executive Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Gustavo C. Valle 61 Executive Vice President and President, North America Mr. Van de Put became Chief Executive Officer and a director in November 2017 and became Chairman of the Board of Directors in April 2018. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods Limited, a multinational frozen food provider, from July 2011 to November 2017 and as its Chief Operating Officer from May 2010 to July 2011. Mr. Van de Put served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Global , Consumer Health Division of Novartis AG, a global healthcare company, from 2009 to 2010. Prior to that, he worked for 24 years in a variety of leadership positions for several global food and beverage providers, including Danone SA, The Company and Mars, Incorporated. Mr. Zaramella became Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer in February 2026. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2018 to February 2026 and as Senior Vice President Corporate Finance, CFO Commercial and Treasurer from June 2016 to July 2018. He also served as Interim Lead Finance North America from April to November 2017. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from December 2014 to August 2016 and Senior Vice President, Finance of Mondelēz Europe from October 2011 to November 2014. Mr. Zaramella joined Mondelēz International in 1996. Mr. Iyer became Executive Vice President and President, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa in June 2023. He previously served as President India from August 2016 to June 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Iyer held various leadership positions of increasing responsibility at PepsiCo, Wrigley India Pvt Ltd and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company, India . Mr. Iyer joined Mondelēz International in 2016. Mr. Kuhn became Executive Vice President and President, Mondelēz Europe in April 2025. He previously served as President, Hygiene at Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc, a global consumer products company , from May 2021 until December 2024, and as Chief Transformation Officer from January 2020 until April 2021. Prior to joining Reckitt, Mr. Volker spent 26 years at Procter & Gamble, a global consumer products company, holding positions of increasing responsibility in finance, marketing, business development and general management. Ms. Lilak became Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer in January 2024. She formerly served as the Chief People Officer of Bumble Inc., a social networking company, from November 2021 to January 2023. Previously, Ms. Lilak was Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer at Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc., a multinational coffee and doughnut company, from July 2019 to November 2021. Prior to Dunkin’ Brands, Ms. Lilak spent 23 years with General Mills Inc., a global consumer foods manufacturer and marketer, in roles of increasing responsibility. She served as Vice President, Human Resources for the North America Retail Segment from January 2016 to July 2019. Mr. Lozano became Executive Vice President and President, Latin America in April 2022. Prior to joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Lozano spent more than 21 years at Danone SA, a global food and beverage company, in a variety of roles with increasing responsibility. Most recently, he served as CEO at Danone North America from January 2014 to July 2016 and from September 2017 to December 2020. 10 Table of Contents Mr. Renaud became Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing & Sales Officer in February 2022 and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from January 2018 until February 2022. Prior to joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Renaud spend more than 28 years at Danone SA, a global food and beverage company, in a variety of roles with increasing responsibility. Most recently, he served as President, Fresh Dairy Europe, from January 2015 to July 2017 after working as Vice President Danone Waters Asia Pacific, from October 2014 to December 2014. Ms. Stein became Executive Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in September 2023 and was Executive Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and General Counsel from January 2021 until September 2023. Before joining Mondelēz International, Ms. Stein spent 16 years at The Clorox Company, a multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products, most recently as Executive Vice President – General Counsel and Corporate Affairs from February 2016 to December 2020. She also served as Executive Vice President – General Counsel from February 2015 to February 2016 and as Senior Vice President – General Counsel from January 2005 to February 2015. Mr. Valle became Executive Vice President and President, North America in March 2022 and was Executive Vice President and President, Latin America from February 2020 to February 2022. Before joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Valle served as Chief Executive Officer of Axia Plus, LLC, a management consulting firm, from February 2018 to January 2020. Prior to that he spent more than 20 years at Danone SA, a global food and beverage company, in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Executive Vice President, Dairy Division Worldwide, from January 2015 to January 2018, and Vice President Dairy Division Europe, from January 2014 until December 2014. Ethics and Governance We have adopted the Mondelēz International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/Investors/ and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200, Chicago, IL 60607. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/Investors/ . In addition, we have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for each of the Board’s four standing committees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors. All of these materials are available on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/Investors/ and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200, Chicago, IL 60607. Available Information Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the the Exchange Act, are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Our filings with the SEC can be accessed by visiting www.sec.gov or our website: ir.mondelezinternational.com/ . The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 11 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. In addition to the effects of ongoing macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate and resulting impacts on our business and operations discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from these actions may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. Strategic and Operational Risks Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may increase or decrease significantly or availability of commodities may become constrained. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, edible oils, sugar and other sweeteners, flavoring agents and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of product packaging materials, natural gas, fuel and electricity for our factories and warehouses, and we also incur expenses in connection with labor and the transportation and delivery of our products. Costs of raw materials, energy and other supplies and services are volatile and fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict. These conditions include global competition for resources; tariffs or other trade barriers; currency fluctuations; geopolitical conditions or conflicts (including the ongoing war in Ukraine and international sanctions imposed on Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, rising tensions between China and Taiwan and recent geopolitical developments in Venezuela); inflationary pressures related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues; transportation and labor disruptions; government intervention to introduce living income premiums or similar requirements; changes in environmental or trade policy and regulations, alternative energy and agricultural programs; severe weather; agricultural productivity; animal and crop disease or pests; water risk; health pandemics; forest fires and other natural disasters; acts of terrorism; geopolitical regional conflicts; cybersecurity incidents; supplier capacity; and consumer or industrial demand. During 2025, price volatility and higher aggregate costs were driven by a confluence of factors: soaring commodity prices (especially for cocoa beans), disrupted international supply chains, labor market challenges and increased transportation and labor costs. For additional information, refer to Item 7, Commodity Trends . Many of these conditions are or could be exacerbated or worsened by climate change. Increased government intervention and consumer or activist responses caused by increased focus on climate change, deforestation, water, plastic waste, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system could adversely affect our or our suppliers’ reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. Some commodities are grown by smallholder farmers who might not be able to invest to increase productivity or adapt to changing conditions. Our efforts to monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against price increases cannot fully protect us from changes in input costs, including due to factors like changing import duties and tariffs, market illiquidity, specific local regulations and downstream costs. Thus, our hedging strategies have not always protected and will not in the future always protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. Continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase or changes in the types of commodities we purchase as we continue to evolve our product and packaging portfolio could increase or decrease the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer as a result. Moreover, increases in the price of our products, including increases to cover inflation and higher input, packaging and transportation costs, may result in lower sales volumes or customer delistings, while decreases in input costs could require us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, profits or margins. Likewise, constraints in the supply or availability of key commodities and necessary services like 12 Table of Contents transportation may limit our ability to grow our net revenues and earnings. If our mitigation activities are not effective, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs (including if we are delayed in our ability to raise prices or unable to raise the prices of our products enough to keep up with the rate of inflation), if we must reduce our prices, if increased prices affect demand for our products (including if consumers forego purchasing certain of our products or switch to “private label” or product offerings), if we change the recipes of some of our product offerings, or if we are limited by supply or distribution constraints, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, reputation and stock price can be materially adversely affected. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including potential cost impacts of any tariffs that may be enacted by governments as well as other trade and regulatory uncertainty. We are a global company and generated 75.8% of our 2025 net revenues, 74.0% of our 2024 net revenues and 73.4% of our 2023 net revenues outside the United States. We market our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries. Therefore, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. Those risks include: • the imposition of increased or new tariffs, sanctions, export controls, quotas, trade barriers, labor reforms, price floors or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities like cocoa, potential changes in U.S. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, restrictions on data transfers, or regulations, taxes or policies that affect our operations, sales or profitability. Also refer to “ We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign government s”; • changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation (and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation), volatile commodity prices, the ongoing impact of changes in international trade policies and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and transportation; • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); • compliance with antitrust and competition laws, trade laws, data privacy laws, laws, human rights laws, new regulations intended to address increasing global concerns around forced labor, and a variety of other local, national and multinational regulations and laws in multiple regimes; • currency devaluations or fluctuations in currency values, including in developed and emerging markets. This includes events like applying highly inflationary accounting as we did for our Argentinean subsidiaries beginning in the third quarter of 2018, Türkiye beginning in the second quarter of 2022 and both Egypt and Nigeria beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024; • changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished products into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; • increased sovereign risk, such as defaults by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in emerging markets; • changes or inconsistencies in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in .S. jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; • varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights; • discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies; • greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and • design, implementation and use of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base. In addition, increased political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, government shutdowns, product boycotts, travel or immigration restrictions, tariffs and other trade restrictions, public health risks or pandemics, energy policy or restrictions, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties, including inaccuracies in our assumptions about these factors, could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. High unemployment or the slowdown in economic growth in some markets could constrain consumer spending. Declining consumer purchasing power could result in loss of market share and adversely impact our profitability. The nature and degree of the various risks we face can also differ significantly among our regions and businesses. 13 Table of Contents We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments. Changes in the import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards or customs restrictions by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long term. Likewise, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. As of January 2026, the U.S. maintains higher tariffs on imported goods (finished products and inputs) from many trading partners as compared to prior years. Some of these tariffs have increased our costs for finished products, as well as some ingredients and packaging used to produce and distribute our products. In some cases, U.S. tariff policy has also resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods entering foreign markets. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may cause us to modify our operations or forgo business opportunities. For additional information, refer to Business Trends – Trade and Regulatory Uncertainty under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations (as discussed below in Recent Developments and Significant Items Affecting Comparability – War in Ukraine under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ). The scope and duration of the war in Ukraine is uncertain and rapidly changing, and we are unable to predict the full extent to which the war in Ukraine will impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations and stock price in the future. We have discontinued new capital investments and suspended our advertising spending in Russia. As the business and geopolitical environment continues to change, our operations and activity in Russia, which accounted for 3.7% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, and/or Ukraine, which accounted for 0.4% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, may decline or be further scaled back. International sanctions, export controls and other measures, including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russia, that have been imposed on Russian entities, make it more difficult to operate in Russia, and failure to comply with applicable sanctions and measures could subject us to regulatory penalties and reputational risk. The war could also result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets due to expropriation or further curtailment of our ability to conduct business operations in Russia, and our Russian assets may become partially or fully impaired, or our operations may be deconsolidated in future periods, or our business operations terminated. In addition, our operations may be subject to increased disruptions to our information systems, including through network failures, malicious or disruptive software or cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups or organizations. There is a possibility of loss of life and physical damage and destruction of property. We may not be able to operate in certain areas due to damage and safety concerns. We might also face questions or negative scrutiny from stakeholders about our operations in Russia despite our role as a food company and our public statements about Ukraine and Russia. The war in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. The war continues to disrupt commodity markets, including for wheat, energy and commodities, and continues to contribute to supply chain disruption and inflation. Other ongoing consequences of the war have included increased volatility of input prices, including for packaging materials, energy, commodities, other raw materials, labor and transportation; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, including volatility of the Russian ruble; constraints, volatility or disruptions in the credit and capital markets; increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations; difficulty protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights; and heightened risk to employee safety including health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities. We expect continued volatility with respect to commodity and other input prices, and our hedging activities might not sufficiently offset this volatility. 14 Table of Contents These and other impacts of the war in Ukraine could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors presented in this filing, including those relating to our reputation, brands, product sales, sanctions, trade relations in countries in which we operate, input price inflation and volatility, results of operations and financial condition. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or adverse impacts to our results. We operate in a highly competitive industry where we face risks related to the execution of our strategy as well as our ability or willingness to respond, timely or otherwise, to channel shifts, pricing and other competitive pressures. The food and snacking industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are food, snack and beverage companies that operate globally, regionally and locally, and, in many markets, include retailers with their own branded and private label products. Failure to effectively respond to actions, innovations or other challenges from our competitors could adversely affect our business. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to changes in relevant markets, including changes to distribution channels and technological developments. These pressures could affect our prices, including our ability to price in response to commodity and other cost increases. Our ability to succeed depends on our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, which includes identifying and responding to new or developing trends, technological advancements (including advancements such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality) which are increasingly important for understanding evolving consumer preferences. Our ability to adjust distribution methods and pricing, including adapting to fluctuating inflation, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers, economic conditions and recessions, as well as implementing effective trade incentives is also critical to advancing our priorities. Failure in these areas could negatively impact availability of or demand for our products, our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or opportunities. The rapid growth of some channels, such as discounters and digital commerce, may impact our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. These expenditures may not be successful, including those related to our digital commerce and other efforts, and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We will be disadvantaged if we are not able to effectively leverage developing online channels such as and electronic commerce. New distribution channels, as well as growing opportunities to utilize external manufacturers, lower the barriers to entry and allow smaller competitors to gain market share more effectively. Additionally, if we adjust pricing but cannot maintain or increase sales volumes, or our labor or other costs increase but we cannot increase prices to offset those changes, our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Further, our ability to compete may be limited by an inability to secure new retailers or maintain or add shelf and/or retail space for our products. There can be no assurance that retailers will provide sufficient, or any, shelf space, nor that online retailers will provide online access to, or adequate product visibility on, their platform. Unattractive placement or pricing may put our products at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors. Even if we obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales or pricing expectations set by our retailers, potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Promoting and protecting our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands, expand within and to new geographies and new distribution platforms such as digital commerce, and evolve our portfolio with new product offerings that meet consumer needs and expectations. We seek to strengthen our brands through investments in our product quality, product renovation, innovation and marketing investments, including advertising, digital communication and consumer promotions. Actual or perceived failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on , including changing consumer acceptance of certain ingredients, industrial manufacturing and processing, nutritional expectations of our products, the sustainability of our ingredients, our supply chain (including human rights, deforestation, and animal welfare issues) and our packaging (including plastic packaging and its 15 Table of Contents ability to be recycled and other environmental impacts) could adversely affect our brands. Increased negative attention from the media, academics and online influencers, governments, shareholders and other stakeholders in these areas as well as on the role of food marketing, our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, and other environmental, social, human capital or governance practices could adversely affect our brand image. Undue caution or our failure to react timely in addressing these challenges and trends could weaken our competitive position. Such pressures could also lead to stricter regulations, industry that is unevenly adopted among companies, increased transparency in public disclosures, and increased focus on food and snacking, including marketing and labeling practices. Increasing and disparate legal or regulatory restrictions on our labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. This includes regulations such as labeling and selective food taxes in multiple jurisdictions as well as or restrictions on sales of products with certain nutritional profiles. Moreover, adverse publicity, regulatory developments or legal action against us, our employees, licensees, or other actors in our supply chain related to product quality and safety, where and how we manufacture our products, environmental concerns including climate change and waste management, human and workplace rights across our supply chain, alleged health implications of certain food products or processing methods, labor relations, or antitrust, and compliance could damage our reputation and brand health. Such actions could undermine our customers’ and shareholders’ confidence and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these matters are immaterial to our operations. Our product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons, influencers or group affiliations, could also subject us to negative publicity. In addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on established and emerging social media and online platforms, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns, targeted marketing and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. A variety of legal and regulatory restrictions as well as our own policies and participation in industry initiatives limit how and to whom we market our products. These restrictions may limit our brand renovation, innovation, marketing and promotion plans, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. The social media platforms we use to market our products may change their marketing rules or algorithms or may fall out of favor with certain consumer groups, and we may fail to effectively adapt our marketing strategies or may decide to no longer utilize certain platforms for marketing. We might also fail to sufficiently evolve our digital marketing efforts to effectively utilize consumer data. Negative posts or comments about Mondelēz International, our brands or our employees on social media or web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to the use of our social media accounts and failure to respond effectively to these posts, comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. Placement of our advertisements in social media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. Our brands may also be associated with or appear alongside harmful content including outputs from generative artificial intelligence models. In addition, we might fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands, our marketing efforts might not achieve desired results and we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our brands or related intangible assets or goodwill. Third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. When consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. Third parties might also improperly use our brands as part of phishing or other scams, which could negatively affect our brand image. We must correctly predict, identify, interpret and meet changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, interpret and meet the tastes, dietary habits, packaging, sales channel and other preferences of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to these preferences in the places and ways consumers want to shop. There may be further shifts in the relative size of shopping channels in addition to the increasing role of digital tools (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and commerce for consumers. Our success relies upon managing this complexity to promote and bring our products to consumers effectively. Weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, new or increased food regulation, taxes, tariffs and/or trade barriers, equity market volatility or other factors, such as global or local pandemics, geopolitical tensions, public boycotts, uncertainty regarding the availability of certain governmental subsidies available to our consumers (such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the U.S.), severe or unusual weather events, and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, may affect consumer preferences and demand in 16 Table of Contents ways that are hard to predict. Failure to offer, effectively promote and deliver products that appeal to consumers or to correctly judge consumer demand for our products will impact our ability to meet our growth targets, and our sales and market share could decrease and our profitability could suffer. We must distinguish between fads and trends and changes in consumer preferences. Our sales can be adversely affected when we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences or category trends will be long term or we fail to introduce new and evolved products to satisfy changing preferences. In addition, because of our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumer preferences, including with respect to when and how consumers snack and their desire for premium or value offerings. We must also provide an array of product formats, pack sizes and price points that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences and use marketing and advertising effectively to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. Increasing and disparate statutory or regulatory restrictions on our ingredients, labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to offer and deliver products that appeal to consumers. Likewise, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers and our response to these tariffs and/or trade barriers could limit our ability to offer and deliver our products on a basis. Demand for our products could decrease and our profitability could suffer if we fail to expand and promote our product offerings successfully across product categories, rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories or reach consumers in efficient and effective ways leveraging data and analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning). Negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental and social implications of certain food products, ingredients, additives, preservatives, packaging materials, sourcing or production methods and other company practices could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, consumers have increasingly focused on , including by reducing their consumption of sodium, processed foods and foods with added sugar, using drugs and examining the source and authenticity of ingredients in the foods they consume. Statements by public officials relating to alleged risks associated with particular processing methods, ingredients or additives used in our products, or contaminants allegedly present in the larger food or water supply, may affect consumer preferences and/or demand for some of our products. Regulators in some jurisdictions have also imposed, or may impose, taxes or other restrictions on the manufacture, distribution or sale of food and beverage products based on their nutritional profile or inclusion of particular ingredients, which may reduce overall demand for our products. Continuing to focus on and expand our offerings while evolving the ingredient and nutrition profiles of existing products is important to our growth, as is maintaining focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences. In addition, consumer preferences differ by region, and we must monitor and adjust our use of ingredients and other activities to respond to these regional preferences. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Argentina, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries, particularly those with emerging economies, engaging in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, or local laws may be more common. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and local manufacturers improve and expand their production capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to achieving our growth strategy. Failure to successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 17 Table of Contents Our use of information technology and service providers exposes us to cybersecurity risks and other business disruptions. We use information technology and service providers to support our global business processes and activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide a number of services important to conducting our business, including accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions. Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as viruses or malware; other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems’ maintenance or security; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service attacks; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. Our use of technologies such as services and applications continues to evolve, presenting new and additional risks in managing access to our data, relying on third parties to manage and safeguard data, ensuring access to our systems and availability of systems. Our use of technology and business service providers may expose us to cybersecurity and privacy breaches. These can include: (1) compromises of security systems, which could involve circumvention, attacks, or other cyberattacks such as hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware or cyber extortion and (2) internal threats such as employee or insider errors, malfeasance, deepfake or social engineering schemes, physical breaches or other actions or attempts to exploit vulnerabilities. These threats could result in the misuse or compromise of confidential information and Personally Identifiable Information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or government and regulatory authorities. Additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. Our information security program includes capabilities designed to detect, evaluate and mitigate cyber risks against our systems or arising from service providers; however, we may not be able to fully prevent or mitigate cyber threats, particularly to technology and business services that are beyond our control. Additionally, new initiatives, such as those related to digital commerce and direct sales, that increase the amount of confidential and perso

[truncated]