1 
 
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no 
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or 
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or 
in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement. 
 
中國人壽保險股份有限公司 
CHINA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
(A joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability) 
(Stock Code: 2628) 
ANNOUNCEMENT ON ESTIMATED PROFIT INCREASE 
FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2026 
This announcement is made by the Company pursuant to the provisions of inside information 
under Part XIVA of the SFO and Rule 13.09(2) of the Listing Rules. 
Based on the Company’s preliminary estimates, it is expected that the net profit attributable 
to equity holders of the Company for the first half of 2026 will be in a range of approximately 
RMB128,933 million to RMB137,119 million. Compared with the same period in 2025, this 
represents an increase of approximately RMB88,002 million to RMB96,188 million, or a 
year-on-year increase of approximately 215% to 235%. 
The Company’s preliminary financial estimates for the first half of 2026 contained in this 
announcement are not audited. Detailed financial information of the Company for the first 
half of 2026 will be disclosed in the 2026 interim report of the Company. 
Shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution 
when dealing in the shares of the Company. 
This announcement is made by China Life Insurance Company Limited (the “ Company”) 
pursuant to the provisions of inside information under Part XIVA of the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “ SFO”) and Rule 13.09(2) 
of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
Limited (the “Listing Rules”). 
I. ESTIMATED RESULTS FOR THE PERIOD 
1. Estimated results period: 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026. 
2. Estimated results:  
Based on the Company’s preliminary estimates, it is expected that the net 
profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the first half of 2026 
will be in a range of approximately RMB128,933 million to RMB137,119 
million. Compared with the same period in 2025, this represents an increase of
2 
 
approximately RMB88,002 million to RMB96,188 million, or a year-on-year 
increase of approximately 215% to 235%. 
3. The estimated results have not been audited. 
II. OPERATING RESULTS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE SAME PERIOD OF 
2025 (UNAUDITED) 
1. Profit before income tax: RMB42,371 million; net profit attributable to equity 
holders of the Company: RMB40,931 million. 
2. Earnings per share (basic and diluted): RMB1.45. 
III. MAIN REASONS FOR THE ESTIMATED INCREASE IN RESULTS  
Guided by the core high-quality development philosophy of “three consistencies”, 
“three enhancements” and “three breakthroughs”, the Company has continued to 
deepen asset-liability interaction, further advanced the diversification of its products 
and businesses, managed liability costs in a scientific manner, and effectively 
improved the cost efficiency, thereby further strengthening the foundations for its 
sustainable development. In its investment activities, the Company remains firmly 
committed to serving the real economy and to the philosophy of long-term investment, 
value investment and prudent investment. Centering on asset-liability matching, the 
Company has systematically built out its long-term investment portfolio, enhanced its 
professional investment capabilities, and steadily reinforced both the resilience of its 
investment portfolio returns and its long-term return potential. The Company’s asset 
allocation has been continuously optimised, and its investment  deployment in new 
quality productive forces and other areas has progressed in a steady manner, resulting 
in sound investment performance. 
IV. RISK WARNING 
There are no material uncertain factors of the Company that might affect the accuracy 
of its estimated results for the first half of 2026. 
V. OTHER INFORMATION 
The Board of Directors of the Company wishes to remind shareholders and investors 
that the above estimated results for the first half of 2026 contained in this 
announcement are based on the Company’s preliminary estimates, which are subject 
to the Company’s further examination and are not audited. If the Company’s future 
estimates of the results for the first half of 2026 differ materially from the above 
estimates, the Company will provide updates on a timely basis. Detailed financial 
information of the Company for the first half of 2026 will be disclosed in the 2026 
interim report of the Company. 
Shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to exercise caution 
when dealing in the shares of the Company.
3 
 
By Order of the Board 
   China Life Insurance Company Limited 
Heng Victor Ja Wei 
Company Secretary 
Hong Kong, 14 July 2026 
As at the date of this announcement, the Board of Directors of the Company comprises: 
Executive Directors: Cai Xiliang, Li Mingguang, Liu Hui, Ruan Qi 
Non-executive Directors: Hu Jin, Hu Rong, Niu Kailong 
Independent  Non-executive Directors: Lam Chi Kuen, Zhai Haitao, Chen Jie, Lu Feng 
Employee Representative Director: Li Wei