Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 53 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure NA Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 106 Item 9B. Other Information 106 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections NA PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 107 Item 11. Executive Compensation 107 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 107 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 108 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 108 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 109 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 109 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 110 SIGNATURES 115 Market positions and industry data discussed in this Form 10-K are as of calendar 2024 and have been obtained or derived from industry and government publications and our estimates. The industry and government publications include: Beer Marketers Insights; Beverage Information Group; Impact Databank Review and Forecast; International Wine and Spirits Research (IWSR); Circana; Beer Institute; and National Alcohol Beverage Control Association. We have not independently verified the data from the industry and government publications. Unless otherwise noted, all references to market positions are based on U.S. dollar sales. Table of Contents Statements This Form 10-K contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, or implied by, such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K are statements, including without limitation: • The statements under Item 1. “Business” and Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding: ◦ upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market and repositioning our wine and spirits business, including through the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, to a portfolio of exclusively brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, as well as expanding our supply channels; ◦ our mission, core values, business strategy, including our strategic vision, growth plans, and Digital Business Acceleration initiatives; ◦ our beer expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, including anticipated scope, capacity, costs, capital expenditures, and timeframes for completion; ◦ our innovation, marketing, sales, and distribution plans, activities, and strategies, access to and availability of production materials, impacts of government regulations, environmental sustainability, CSR, and human capital strategies, aspirations, and targets; ◦ our cybersecurity program, including our ability to prevent, identify, respond to, or mitigate the impacts of cyber threats or incidents; ◦ the condition, working order, and planned divestiture of certain of our facilities; ◦ our financial model, target comparable net leverage and target dividend payout ratios, future operations, financial condition and position, net sales, expenses including potential future impairment losses, hedging programs, cost savings, restructuring, and efficiency initiatives, capital expenditures, effective tax rates and anticipated tax liabilities, expected volume, inventory, supply and demand levels, balance, and trends, access to capital markets, liquidity and capital resources, including our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow and raise or repay debt, and prospects, plans, and objectives of management; ◦ the evolving consumer demand environment and trends, socioeconomic factors, including subdued spend, behaviors, and reductions in the discretionary income, elevated unemployment, changing prices, inflation, other unfavorable global and regional economic conditions, demographic trends in the U.S., global supply chain disruptions and constraints, and geopolitical events, a s well as retailer destocking impacting our wine and spirits business, and our responses thereto; ◦ recent and potential future changes to trade and tariff policies, particularly on imports from Mexico, the European Union including Italy, and New Zealand into the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs imposed on certain product imports originating from the U.S.; ◦ expected or potential actions of third parties, including possible changes to laws, rules, and regulations; ◦ the potential impact of severe weather events or other weather conditions; ◦ the manner, timing, and duration of the share repurchase program and source of funds for share repurchases; ◦ the amount and timing of future dividends; and ◦ the statements regarding the impacts of recent accounting pronouncements. • The statements regarding the future reclassification of net gains from AOCI. When used in this Form 10-K, the words “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “will,” and similar expressions are intended to identify statements, although not all statements contain such identifying words. All statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition to the risks and Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I i Table of Contents uncertainties of ordinary business operations and conditions in the general economy and markets in which we compete, our statements contained in this Form 10-K are also subject to the risk, uncertainty, and possible variance from our current expectations regarding: • potential declines in the consumption of products we sell and our dependence on sales of our Mexican beer brands; • impacts of our acquisition, divestiture, investment, and NPD strategies and activities, including the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction and our ability to complete the transaction on the expected terms, conditions, and timetable; • dependence upon our trademarks and proprietary rights, including the failure to protect our intellectual property rights; • potential damage to our reputation; • competition in our industry and for talent; • economic and other uncertainties associated with our international operations, including new or increased tariffs; • water, agricultural and other raw material, and packaging material supply, production, and/or transportation difficulties, disruptions, and impacts, including limited groups of certain suppliers; • reliance on complex information systems and third‐party global networks as well as risks associated with cybersecurity and AI; • dependence on limited facilities for production of our Mexican beer brands, including beer operations expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, scope, capacity, supply, costs (including impairments), capital expenditures, and timing; • operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to our breweries, wineries, other production facilities, or distribution systems; • severe weather, natural and disasters, climate change, environmental sustainability and regulatory compliance and failure to meet environmental sustainability and CSR targets, commitments, and aspirations; • the success of our cost savings, restructuring, and efficiency initiatives; • reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers, and government agencies; • contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests, weather, and other conditions; • communicable infection or disease outbreaks, pandemics, or other widespread public health crises impacting our consumers, employees, distributors, retailers, and/or suppliers; • effects of employee labor activities that could increase our costs; • our indebtedness and interest rate fluctuations; • our international operations, worldwide and regional economic trends and financial market conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, or other governmental rules and regulations; • class action or other litigation we face or may face, including relating to alleged securities law violations, abuse or misuse of our products, product liability, marketing or sales practices, including product labeling, or other matters; • potential impairments of our intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks; • changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, accounting for tax positions, the resolution of tax disputes, changes to accounting standards, elections, assertions, or policies, and the potential impact of a global minimum tax rate; • uncertainties related to future cash dividends and share repurchases, which may affect the price of our common stock; • ownership of our Class A Stock by the Sands Family Stockholders and their Board of Director nomination rights; and • the provision in our Amended and Restated regarding certain stockholder litigation. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by our statements contained in this Form 10-K are those described in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I ii Table of Contents Defined Terms Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Company,” “CBI,” “we,” “our,” or “us” refer to Constellation Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We use terms in this Form 10-K and in our Notes that are specific to us or are abbreviations that may not be commonly known or used. Term Meaning $ U.S. dollars 10b5-1 Trading Plan a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act 2018 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $3.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in January 2018 and fully utilized during Fiscal 2023 2021 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in January 2021 and fully utilized during Fiscal 2025 2022 Credit Agreement tenth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, provides for an aggregate revolving credit facility of $2.25 billion, inclusive of October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment 2022 Restatement Agreement restatement agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, that amended and restated our ninth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, which was our senior credit facility as of February 28, 2022 2022 Wine Divestiture sale of certain mainstream and premium wine brands and related inventory on October 6, 2022 2023 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in November 2023, replaced by the 2025 Authorization 2023 Canopy Promissory Note C$100.0 million principal amount of 4.25% promissory note issued to us by Canopy in April 2023, exchanged, in part, for Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 2025 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $4.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in April 2025 2025 Restructuring Initiative an cost savings and restructuring initiative designed to help optimize the performance of our business, including through enhanced organizational efficiency and optimized expenditures across our organization, with the majority of the work expected to be completed within Fiscal 2026 and net annualized cost savings expected to be fully realized by Fiscal 2028 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction in April 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to fully divest and, in certain instances, exclusively license the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our remaining mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities 3-tier distribution channel where products are sold to a distributor (wholesaler) who then sells to a retailer; the retailer sells the products to a consumer 3-tier eCommerce digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase beverage alcohol from retailers 3.60% May 2022 Senior Notes $550.0 million principal amount of 3.60% senior notes issued in May 2022, now repaid in full 4.75% November 2014 Senior Notes $400.0 million principal amount of 4.75% senior notes issued in November 2014, now repaid in full ABA alternative beverage alcohol Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the senior credit facility AI artificial intelligence Amended and Restated our amended and restated Amended and Restated Charter our amended and restated certificate of incorporation AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iii Table of Contents Term Meaning April 2022 Term Credit Agreement amended and restated term loan credit agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, that provided for aggregate facilities of $491.3 million, consisting of a term loan facility, inclusive of amendments dated as of June 10, 2021, and April 14, 2022, now repaid in full August 2022 Term Credit Agreement term loan credit agreement, dated as of August 9, 2022, that provided for a $1.0 billion unsecured delayed draw term loan facility, now repaid in full C$ Canadian dollars California the state of California (U.S.) unless otherwise specified Canopy Canopy Growth Corporation, an Ontario, public company in which we have an investment Canopy Debt Securities debt securities issued by Canopy in June 2018, no longer outstanding Canopy Equity Method Investment an investment in Canopy common shares, no longer applicable following conversion of Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 CB International CB International Finance S.à r.l., a subsidiary of ours CIO Chief Information Officer CISO Chief Information Security Officer Class 1 Stock our Class 1 Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share Class A Stock our Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share Class B Stock our Class B Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, eliminated on November 10, 2022, pursuant to the Reclassification CMP crisis management plan CODM chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer Comparable Adjustments certain items affecting comparability that have been excluded because management uses this information in monitoring and evaluating the results and underlying business trends of the core operations of the Company and/or in internal goal setting CPG consumer packaged goods Craft Beer Divestitures the Four Corners Divestiture and the Funky Buddha Divestiture, collectively CSR corporate social responsibility current Mexican breweries the Nava Brewery and the Obregón Brewery, collectively Daleville Facility production facility located in Roanoke, Virginia, sold in May 2023 Depletions represent U.S. distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on data DGCL General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware Digital Business Acceleration a initiative by the Company to create a cohesive digital strategy and build an advanced digital business DTC inclusive of (i) a digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase directly from brand websites with inventory coming straight from the supplier and (ii) consumer purchases at hospitality locations (tasting rooms and tap rooms) from the supplier Effective Time the time that the Amended and Restated Charter was duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 10, 2022 EHS environmental, health, and safety Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Company’s 1989 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, under which 9,000,000 shares of Class A Stock may be issued ERM enterprise risk management ESG environmental, social, and governance Exchangeable Shares class of and exchangeable shares in Canopy which are convertible into common shares of Canopy on a basis Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iv Table of Contents Term Meaning Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Financial Statements our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein Fiscal 2023 the Company’s fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 Fiscal 2024 the Company’s fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 Fiscal 2025 the Company’s fiscal year ended February 28, 2025 Fiscal 2026 the Company’s fiscal year ending February 28, 2026 Fiscal 2027 the Company’s fiscal year ending February 28, 2027 Fiscal 2028 the Company’s fiscal year ending February 29, 2028 Fiscal 2029 the Company’s fiscal year ending February 28, 2029 Fiscal 2030 the Company’s fiscal year ending February 28, 2030 Form 10-K this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2025 unless otherwise specified Four Corners Divestiture sale of the Four Corners craft beer business Funky Buddha Divestiture sale of the Funky Buddha craft beer business GHG greenhouse gas GILTI global intangible income Glass Plant glass production plant in Nava operated through an joint venture with IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRP IT incident response plan IT information technology Lender Bank of America, N.A., as lender for the April 2022 Term Credit Agreement LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate Stock Incentive Plan a stockholder-approved omnibus incentive plan that provides the ability to grant various types of equity and cash awards to eligible plan participants Mainstream wine that sells less than $11.00 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine and all other wine that sells less than $13.00 per bottle at retail MD&A Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II — Item 7. of this Form 10-K Mexicali Brewery canceled brewery construction project located in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico; sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale in July 2024 Mexico Beer Projects expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at the Obregón Brewery, Nava Brewery, and Veracruz Brewery M&T Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company NA not applicable Nava Nava, Coahuila, Mexico Nava Brewery our brewery located in Nava Net sales gross sales less promotions, returns and allowances, and excise taxes NM not meaningful financial measures not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for example, comparable operating income (loss) Note(s) notes to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8. of this Form 10-K NPD new product development Obregón Obregón, Sonora, Mexico Obregón Brewery our brewery located in Obregón OCI other comprehensive income (loss) October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment amendment dated as of October 18, 2022, to the 2022 Credit Agreement, effective in April 2024 Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I v Table of Contents Term Meaning OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development O-I Glass, Inc., the ultimate parent of the company with which we have an joint venture to operate the Glass Plant hedge contracts treasury lock and/or swap lock contracts designated as cash flow hedges entered into to hedge treasury rate volatility on future debt issuances Premium wine that sells between $11.00 to $24.99 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine that sells between $13.00 to $34.99 per bottle at retail Proxy Statement Proxy Statement for Fiscal 2025 to be issued in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of our Company Tests testing involving collaboration between offensive and defensive cybersecurity teams Reclassification the reclassification, exchange, and conversion of the Company’s common stock to eliminate the Class B Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Reclassification Agreement Reclassification Agreement reclassification agreement in support of the Reclassification, dated June 30, 2022, among the Company and the Sands Family Stockholders Registration Rights Agreement Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2022, by and among the Company and the Sands Family Stockholders SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SOFR secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Specified Time such time as the domestic sale of marijuana could not reasonably be expected to violate the Controlled Substances Act, the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act (as it relates to violation of the Controlled Substances Act), and all related applicable laundering laws SVEDKA Divestiture sale of the SVEDKA brand and related assets, primarily including inventory and equipment on January 6, 2025 U.S. United States of America U.S. GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Veracruz Heroica Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico Veracruz Brewery our new brewery being constructed in Veracruz WildStar WildStar Partners LLC Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I vi PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Item 1. Business Introduction We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, , brands like Modelo Especial, Corona Extra, Pacifico, Robert Mondavi Winery, Kim Crawford, The Prisoner Wine Company, High West, Casa Noble, and Mi CAMPO. In the U.S., we are one of the top growth contributors at retail among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are also the beer company and have the #1 beer brand, Modelo Especial, in dollar sales in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our leadership position in the U.S. beer market as the #1 share gainer in the beer segment and the overall U.S. beer market. Within wine and spirits, we have implemented a strategy to reposition this business to a portfolio of exclusively brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, aligned to our focus on premiumization trends, and we continue to progressively expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our customers, which include wholesale distributors, retailers, and locations. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities. Our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe elevating human connections is Worth Reaching For. It is worth our dedication, hard work, and calculated risks to anticipate market trends and deliver more for our consumers, stockholders, employees, and industry. This dedication is what has driven us to become one of the , large CPG companies in the U.S. at retail. Headquartered in Rochester, New York, we are a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1972, as the successor to a business founded in 1945. Strategy Our overall strategic vision is to consistently deliver total stockholder returns over the through a focus on these key pillars: • continue building strong brands people love with advantaged routes to market; • build a culture that is and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends; • deploy capital in line with disciplined and balanced priorities; • deliver on impactful ESG initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world; and • empower the whole enterprise to achieve operational efficiency. We will continue to strive for success by ensuring decision making drives all aspects of our business; building a strong talent pipeline with people development; investing in infrastructure that supports and enables our business, including data systems and architecture; and exemplifying intentional and proactive fiscal management. We place focus on positioning our portfolio on , categories of the beverage alcohol industry to align with our strategy to address premiumization, product, and purchasing trends, which we anticipate will continue to drive faster relative growth rates across beer, wine, and spirits. To continue capitalizing on premiumization trends, become more competitive, and grow our business, we have employed a strategy dedicated to organic growth and supplemented by targeted investments and acquisitions. We intend for our Digital Business Acceleration initiative to enable us to drive results by enhancing our technology capabilities in key areas. In Fiscal 2025, we focused on digital supply chain planning, logistics, procurement, and revenue growth management. In Fiscal 2026, we plan to expand this initiative to include consumer insights and analytics. We believe our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet provides a solid financial foundation to support our broader strategic initiatives. As a result of this strategy, we have realized impacts on each segment of our business. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 1 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents In our beer business, we focus on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including the segment, and continuing to grow our imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. In Fiscal 2026, we intend to increase distribution for key brands, optimize growth through differentiated brand positioning, price pack architecture, and market prioritization, as well as continue to invest in the next phase of modular capacity additions necessary to support our ongoing growth. We remain focused on innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs. In our wine and spirits business, we continue to focus on delivering growth and improving margins beyond Fiscal 2026 by driving our brands and operating efficiencies. We have reshaped our portfolio through a series of strategic acquisitions and divestitures to drive our enhanced (and following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, exclusive) focus on wine and spirits brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, aligned with our strategy to address premiumization trends and meet the evolving needs of our consumers. We remain a key supplier in U.S. 3-tier distribution. In addition, we are advancing our aim to become a global, competitor in line with consumer preferences as we continue our efforts to progressively expand into DTC channels (including hospitality), 3-tier eCommerce, and international markets. For further information on our strategy, including factors that could impact our future results of operations and/or financial condition, see “Overview” within MD&A. Divestitures, acquisitions, and investments In connection with executing our strategy as outlined above, during Fiscal 2025 we completed the following transactions: Date Description Beer segment Mexicali Brewery July 2024 Sale of the remaining assets at the canceled brewery construction project located in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico. Wine and Spirits segment SVEDKA Divestiture January 2025 Divestiture of the SVEDKA brand and related assets, primarily including inventory and equipment; supported our focus on premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of consumers. Nelson’s Green Brier investment October 2024 Purchase of the remaining 25% noncontrolling interest of craft bourbon and whiskey products; supported our focus on premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of consumers. Sea Smoke acquisition June 2024 Acquisition of a luxury wine brand and vineyards; supported our focus on premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of consumers. Corporate Operations and Other segment Canopy Exchangeable Shares April 2024 We elected to convert our Canopy common shares into and exchange, in part, our 2023 Canopy Promissory Note for Exchangeable Shares. For further information about our significant Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024, and Fiscal 2023 transactions, refer to (i) “Overview” within MD&A and (ii) Note 2. Business segments We report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting. We report net sales in two reportable segments, as follows: For the Years Ended February 28, 2025 February 29, 2024 (in millions) Beer $ 8,539.8 $ 8,162.6 Wine and Spirits: Wine 1,450.1 1,552.1 Spirits 218.8 247.1 Total Wine and Spirits 1,668.9 1,799.2 Consolidated Net Sales $ 10,208.7 $ 9,961.8 Beer segment We are the #1 brewer and seller of imported beer in the U.S. market. We are also the leader in the segment of the U.S. beer market, which includes the imported and ABA categories. We have the exclusive right to import, market, and sell our Mexican beer brands in all 50 states of the U.S., which include the following: Modelo Brand Family Corona Brand Family Pacifico Brand Victoria Brand Family Modelo Especial Modelo Oro Corona Extra Corona Pacifico Victoria Modelo Chelada Modelo Spiked Aguas Frescas Corona Familiar Corona Premier Vicky Chamoy Modelo Negra Corona Light Corona Sunbrew Notable achievements in the U.S. include the following: (i) we had 5 of the top 15 share gaining brands across the total beer category, (ii) Modelo Especial was the beer overall, (iii) Corona Extra was the second largest imported beer and fifth beer overall, and (iv) Pacifico and Victoria were the top two fastest growing major imported beer brands. During Fiscal 2025, we spent nearly $940 million on (i) planned expansions and execution of optimization initiatives and (ii) ongoing construction of the Veracruz Brewery. Expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue at our breweries in Mexico to support expected future business needs. We expect to spend approximately $2 billion over Fiscal 2026 through Fiscal 2028 largely on such activities. We believe these investments allow us the opportunity to further expand our leadership position in the segment of the Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents U.S. beer market. For further information about our Mexico Beer Projects, refer to (i) “Production” below, (ii) MD&A, and (iii) Note 5. We are also building on the success of our leading import brand families through our innovation strategy. For example, our Modelo Chelada brands have become an important contributor to our portfolio as the leading chelada in the U.S. beer market. In Fiscal 2025, we continued to build on our successful innovation platform with the launch of new products aligned with our focus on premiumization, betterment, and flavor trends, including: (i) two additional pack sizes of Modelo Oro, a light and Mexican beer, to build on its launch in Fiscal 2024, (ii) Modelo Chelada Fresa Picante, a strawberry and chile pepper beer, (iii) Modelo Chelada Negra con Chile, our first Modelo Negra chelada flavor launched in select markets, and (iv) Corona Sunbrew, a beer brewed with real citrus peels and a splash of real citrus juice, also launched in select markets. In Fiscal 2026, we launched Corona Sunbrew nationwide. Wine and Spirits segment We are a wine and spirits company in the U.S. market, with a portfolio that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins. Our wine portfolio is supported by grapes purchased from independent growers, primarily in the U.S. and New Zealand, and vineyard holdings in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. Our wine and spirits are primarily marketed in the U.S. and also sold in Australia, Canada, Italy, New Zealand, and other major world markets. In the U.S., we had 6 of the 100 wine brands, with Kim Crawford achieving the 10 th spot (1) . Some of our wine and spirits brands and portfolio of brands include: Wine Brands (1) Wine Portfolio of Brands Spirits Brands Kim Crawford Ruffino My Favorite Neighbor Austin Cocktails Mi CAMPO Mount Veeder Sea Smoke Schrader Cellars Casa Noble Nelson’s Green Brier Robert Mondavi Winery The Prisoner Wine Company High West (1) Excludes brands that are part of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, including Meiomi and SIMI, which each ranked in the 100 wine brands in the U.S. In Fiscal 2025, the broader wine category continued to experience deceleration in both the U.S. wholesale and international markets, particularly in the lower price point segments of the category. As a result, we have been actively working to address these continued headwinds. The U.S. wholesale decline was partially offset by muted net sales growth in our international markets and DTC channel, which represented 16% of total Wine and Spirits net sales in Fiscal 2025. We continue to believe that beyond Fiscal 2026 our wine and spirits business will return to net sales growth supported by our continued efforts to better align our portfolio with our focus on broader premiumization trends, expand our capabilities, and extend into select international markets. In April 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to fully divest and, in certain instances, exclusively license the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our remaining mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities. For further information about this transaction, refer to “Recent Development” in MD&A and Note 2. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Corporate Operations and Other segment The Corporate Operations and Other segment includes traditional items including costs of corporate communications, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy and growth, executive management, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public affairs, as well as our Canopy investment and investments made through our corporate venture capital function. For further information regarding net sales and operating income (loss) of our business segments and geographic areas, refer to (i) MD&A and (ii) Note 22. Marketing and distribution To focus on their respective product categories, build brand equity, and increase sales, we employ , marketing, sales, and customer service functions for our (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits segments. These functions engage in a range of marketing activities and strategies, including market research, consumer and trade advertising, price promotions, materials, event sponsorship, activations, and public relations. When we advertise our products to consumers, we use a combination of methods to forecast the number of advertising impressions made on individuals at or above the legal drinking age. Through our media placement agencies, we leverage recognized audience measurement services such as Nielsen and ComScore to measure audience composition data on a regular and frequent basis. This data helps us to ensure that our advertising placements are purchased in media outlets and audience buying platforms (i.e., programmatic digital buys) that are primarily targeted toward legal drinking age consumers and, when appropriate, specifically targeted to audiences that are as of the legal drinking age. Our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing provides the fundamental framework for responsible brand advertising and marketing that helps ensure our messages are directed at legal drinking age consumers. We are a corporate member of Responsibility.org, a national that aims to empower adults to make a lifetime of responsible alcohol choices. As part of our efforts to promote responsible beverage alcohol consumption, our brand websites redirect a visitor who as being under the legal drinking age to Responsibility.org for information on prevention of underage drinking, ending drunk driving, and drinking responsibly. In the U.S., our products are primarily distributed by wholesale distributors, and we generally use separate distribution networks for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. In addition, in states where the government acts as the distributor, we distribute our products through state alcohol beverage control agencies, which set the retail prices of our products. As is the case with all other beverage alcohol companies, products sold through these agencies are subject to obtaining and maintaining listings to sell our products in that agency’s state. State governments can also affect prices paid by consumers for our products through the imposition of taxes. Trademarks and distribution agreements Trademarks are an important aspect of our business. We sell products under a number of trademarks, which we own or use under license. We also have various licenses and distribution agreements for the sale, or the production and sale, of our products and products of others. These licenses and distribution agreements have varying terms and durations. Within the Beer segment, we have an exclusive to use trademarks related to our Mexican beer brands in the U.S. This agreement is perpetual. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 5 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Competition The beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, price, brand recognition and reputation, and distribution strength. Our beverage alcohol products compete with other alcoholic and beverages for consumer purchases, as well as shelf space in retail stores, restaurant presence, and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our principal competitors include: Beer InBev, The Boston Beer Company, Heineken, Mark Anthony, Molson Coors Wine Deutsch Family Wine & Spirits, Duckhorn Portfolio, GALLO, Ste. Michelle Wine Estates, Treasury Wine Estates, Trinchero Family Estates, The Wine Group Spirits Bacardi USA, , Diageo, Fifth Generation, GALLO, Pernod Ricard, Sazerac Company, Suntory Global Spirits Production As of February 28, 2025, our production capacity at our Mexican breweries was approximately 48 million hectoliters. By the end of Fiscal 2028, we expect to increase our capacity in Mexico to approximately 55 million hectoliters to support the growth of our beer brands through continued expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our Mexican breweries. For further information on these expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, refer to (i) MD&A and (ii) Note 5. In the U.S., we currently operate 12 wineries using many varieties of grapes grown principally in the Napa, Sonoma, Monterey, and San Joaquin regions of California as well as the Willamette Valley region of Oregon. Following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, we expect to operate nine U.S. wineries. We also operate two wineries in New Zealand and five wineries in Italy. Grapes are normally harvested and crushed in August through November in the U.S. and Italy, and in February through May in New Zealand and stored as wine until packaged for sale under our brand names or sold in bulk. The inventories of wine are usually at their highest levels during and after the crush of each year’s grape harvest and are reduced as sold throughout the year. We currently operate four distilleries in the U.S. for the production of our spirits. Certain of our wines and spirits must be aged for multiple years. Therefore, our inventories of wines and spirits may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses. Resources and availability of production materials The principal components in the production of our Mexican beer brands include water; agricultural products, such as yeast and grains; and packaging materials, which include glass, aluminum, and cardboard. For our Mexican beer brands, packaging materials are the largest cost component of production, with glass bottles representing the largest cost component of our packaging materials. We aim to reduce operational waste and enhance our use of returnable, recyclable, or renewable packaging. For Fiscal 2025, the package format mix of our Mexican beer volume sold in the U.S. was as follows: As part of our beer glass sourcing strategy, we are a partner in an joint venture with , one of the leading manufacturers of glass containers in the world. The joint venture owns a Glass Plant adjacent to our Nava Brewery in Mexico. The Glass Plant supplies nearly 60% of the total annual glass bottle supply for our Mexican beer brands. We also have glass supply agreements with other glass producers. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 6 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents The current Mexican breweries each receive water originating from separate and distinct aquifers. We believe we have adequate access to water to support these breweries’ ongoing requirements, as well as future requirements after the completion of planned expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our breweries. These breweries employ comprehensive water management practices that focus on water efficiency and wastewater treatment operations to reuse water consumed as part of the production process. The principal components in the production of our wine and spirits products are agricultural products, such as grapes and grain, and packaging materials, primarily glass. Most of our annual grape requirements are satisfied by grower purchases from each year’s harvest. During Fiscal 2025, we received grapes from approximately 350 independent growers located in the U.S. and 35 independent growers located in New Zealand and Italy. We enter into purchase agreements with a majority of these growers with pricing that generally varies and is largely based on market prices. As of February 28, 2025, we owned or leased approximately 18,000 acres of land and vineyards, either fully bearing or under development, in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. This acreage supplied only a small percentage of our overall total grape needs for wine production. However, most of this acreage was used to supply a large portion of the grapes used for the production of certain of our wines. Following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, we expect to own or lease approximately 11,400 acres of land and vineyards. All of our owned and leased vineyards in California routinely adhere to documented water management plans as required by Sustainable Grape Growing Certifications including the California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance and Fish Friendly Farming. We use the guidance of these plans to identify the designated beneficial use of the water body based on grape growing goals set before the growing season that account for soil types, slopes, irrigation water availability and quality, and energy efficiency. We believe that we have adequate sources of grape supplies to meet our sales expectations. However, when demand for certain wine products exceeds expectations, we look to source the extra requirements from the bulk wine markets around the world. The distilled spirits manufactured and imported by us require various agricultural products, neutral grain spirits, and bulk spirits, which we fulfill through purchases from various sources by contractual arrangement and through purchases on the open market. We believe that adequate supplies of the aforementioned products are available at the present time. We utilize glass and polyethylene terephthalate bottles and other materials such as caps, corks, capsules, labels, and cardboard cartons in the bottling and packaging of our wine and spirits products. After grape purchases, glass bottles are the largest component of our cost of product sold, comprising more than 95% of our package format mix of our wine and spirits portfolio volume sold for Fiscal 2025. In the U.S., the glass bottle industry is highly concentrated with only a small number of producers. We have traditionally obtained, and continue to obtain, our glass requirements from a limited number of producers under supply arrangements. Currently, one producer supplies most of our glass container requirements for our U.S. operations. We have been able to satisfy our requirements with respect to the foregoing and consider our sources of supply to be adequate at this time. To enhance our use of sustainable packaging, we have activated multiple projects designed to optimize material consumption, decrease packaging weights, and enable reductions in consumer waste. Government regulations We are subject to a range of laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. Where we produce products, we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and may be required to obtain environmental and alcohol beverage permits and licenses to operate our facilities. Where we market and sell products, we may be subject to laws and regulations on brand registration, packaging, labeling, and recycling, Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 7 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents distribution methods and relationships, pricing and price changes, sales promotions, advertising, and public relations. The countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products, in varying amounts. We are also subject to rules and regulations relating to changes in officers or directors, ownership, or control. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable governmental laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. We also believe that the cost of administration and compliance with, and liability under, such laws and regulations does not have, and is not expected to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Seasonality The beverage alcohol industry is subject to seasonality in each major category. As a result, in response to wholesaler and retailer demand which precedes consumer purchases, our beer sales have historically been highest during the first and second quarters of our fiscal year, which correspond to the Spring and Summer periods in the U.S. Our wine and spirits sales have generally been highest during the third quarter of our fiscal year, primarily due to seasonal holiday buying. Environmental sustainability and CSR We believe our environmental sustainability and CSR strategies and aspirations enable us to better create and protect value for our business in support of our business strategy, reflect our Company values, and help address needs that are important to our stockholders, communities, consumers, and employees. We focus on: (i) serving as good stewards of our environment, (ii) investing in our communities, and (iii) promoting responsible beverage alcohol consumption. As part of our brewery expansion efforts and commitment to making a positive impact on the communities where we operate, we plan to continue working with local authorities and organizations on sustainability initiatives that benefit local residents. Critical local projects are identified through community collaboration and input and guidance from water restoration organizations. This is in addition to other benefits we provide, including local job creation and fueling economic development. Human capital resources As of February 28, 2025, we had approximately 10,600 employees, including approximately 1,300 employees through our joint venture with . The number of employees will change throughout the year, such as when we employ additional workers during the grape crushing seasons, and due to anticipated reductions in connection with the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction and the 2025 Restructuring Initiative within Fiscal 2026. Employee geographic data is as follows: Approximately 20% of the employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements expiring within one year are minimal. We consider our employee relations generally to be good. Workforce inclusive culture To achieve our mission of building brands that people love, we believe it is essential to cultivate a workforce that reflects the consumers and communities we serve. We also believe that building an inclusive culture where all employees can come together and develop strong relationships rooted in mutual understanding, respect, and trust is important to developing a team, winning with an evolving consumer base, and achieving our strategic ambitions. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 8 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Compensation and benefits We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that meet the needs of our employees. The main components of compensation are: (i) base pay, (ii) incentives dependent on a number of factors such as geographic location, market prevalence, and level which can include restricted stock units, stock options, and performance share units, (iii) incentives, and (iv) recognition awards. Base and incentive compensation is reviewed on an annual basis, seeking to ensure it is competitive in the market and giving employees opportunities to earn more for exceeding expectations. Our total rewards program also offers valuable benefits, tools, and resources designed to help employees stay healthy and well, while achieving security, growth, satisfaction, and success. Professional development Building strong talent pipelines, delivering people development, and championing professional advancement are key components of our human capital strategy which is designed to position our business for growth. We are committed to offering programs, resources, and experiences that empower employees to grow their careers. The University of Constellation Brands, our learning and development center, allows employees to find opportunities to grow, develop, gain new skills and insights, explore, and expand interests through regularly updated curricula. In Fiscal 2025, we (i) spent over $17 million in development and training costs, including the delivery of six executive, leadership, and other development programs as well as leadership coaching workshops for nearly 350 of our people leaders and (ii) produced approximately 400 matched relationships under our formal career development mentoring program. Succession planning We have a comprehensive succession planning process, led by our human resources team and overseen by the Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors. In addition to the Human Resources Committee’s enhanced focus on executive, senior leader, and employee succession, our full Board of Directors is also involved in Chief Executive Officer succession planning as well as succession and people development for the broader employee population. As part of the succession planning process, we review and discuss potential successors to key roles and examine backgrounds, capabilities, and appropriate developmental opportunities. Employee engagement We assess employee engagement through global engagement and targeted pulse surveys, which provide feedback on a variety of topics, such as belonging, teamwork, recognition, enablement, and . During Fiscal 2025, we conducted a global culture and engagement survey where we had a response rate of 83% and a favorable engagement measurement of 86% across our surveyed population. Safety We are committed to ensuring the safety of our employees. Our global EHS policy describes our dedication to providing a safe and healthy working environment and developing and maintaining a culture where all employees take responsibility for their own safety as well as the safety of others while minimizing our impact on the environment in the communities where we live and work. With a focus on continuous improvement, we are developing more robust EHS management systems, strengthening employee awareness and training, and ensuring senior leadership engagement on safety. injuries resulting from the production of our beer, wine, and spirits products are well below industry average. Our recordable incident rate as compared to the industry average is as follows: The recordable incident rate is defined as total number of worldwide CBI injuries (cases beyond first aid) per 100 employees. The industry average is calculated by taking the weighted average of the most recent (2022) U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data for wineries, breweries, and distilleries based on our portfolio mix in February 2025, February 2024, and February 2023 for the years ended February 28, 2025, February 29, 2024, and February 28, 2023, respectively. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 9 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Empowering our employees to give back Giving back to our communities is a value instilled by our founder, Marvin Sands, and remains core to our Company’s DNA. We empower our employees to engage in the communities where they live and work in a variety of ways, including volunteering time and through a charitable matching program available to all U.S. employees. We match donations ranging from a maximum of $5,000 to $50,000 per year, depending on employee level, to charitable organizations. $8.0 million Fiscal 2025 corporate charitable contributions, including Company match of employee donations Information about our Executive Officers Executive officers of the Company are generally chosen or elected to their positions annually and hold office until the earlier of their removal or resignation or until their successors are chosen and qualified. Information with respect to our executive officers as of April 23, 2025, is as follows: William A. Newlands Age 66 President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Newlands has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a director since March 2019 and as President since February 2018. He served as Chief Operating Officer from January 2017 through February 2019 and as Executive Vice President from January 2015 until February 2018. From January 2016 to January 2017 he performed the role of President, Wine and Spirits Division and from January 2015 through January 2016 he performed the role of Chief Growth Officer. Mr. Newlands joined the Company in January 2015. Prior to that he served from October 2011 until August 2014 as Senior Vice President and President, North America of Beam Inc.; as Senior Vice President and President, North America of Beam Global Spirits & Wine, Inc. from December 2010 to October 2011; and as Senior Vice President and President, USA of Beam Global Spirits & Wine, Inc. from February 2008 to December 2010. Beam Inc., a producer and seller of branded distilled spirits products, merged with a subsidiary of Suntory Holding Limited, a Japanese company, in 2014. Prior to October 2011, Beam Global Spirits & Wine, Inc. was the spirits operating segment of Fortune Brands, Inc., which was a leading consumer products company that made and sold branded consumer products worldwide in the distilled spirits, home and security, and golf markets. James O. Bourdeau Age 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Mr. Bourdeau is the Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of the Company, having served in the role since December 2017 and as the Company’s Secretary since April 2017. Prior to that he served as the Company’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Corporate Development from September 2014 until December 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. Bourdeau was an attorney with the law firm of Nixon Peabody LLP from July 2000 through September 2014, and a partner from February 2005 through September 2014. Mr. Bourdeau was associated with another law firm from 1995 to 2000. Paula K. Erickson Age 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Ms. Erickson is the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company, having served in the role since April 2025. Before joining the Company, Ms. Erickson served as Senior Vice President, Chief People, Culture, and Communications Officer with Beam Suntory Inc. (now known as Suntory Global Spirits) from January 2023 until April 2024; as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer from November 2014 until December 2022; and as Vice President, Global Communications and Public Relations from 2008 until November 2014. Prior to that, she worked for Ace Hardware Corporation from 1991 to 2008 in various leadership positions across advertising, brand development, communications, and public relations. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 10 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Samuel Glaetzer Age 50 Executive Vice President and President, Wine and Spirits Division Mr. Glaetzer is the Executive Vice President and President, Wine and Spirits Division of the Company, having served in the role since March 2024. Prior to that he served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, Global Operations and International Sales for the Wine and Spirits Division from March 2021 until March 2024; Senior Vice President, Global Operations, Wine and Spirits from September 2018 until March 2021; Senior Vice President, Production, Wine and Spirits from May 2016 until September 2018; and President and Managing Director, New Zealand and Australia from March 2014 until May 2016. Before joining the Company, Mr. Glaetzer served in roles of increasing responsibility with Treasury Wine Estates and its predecessors from 1996 until 2014. Garth Hankinson Age 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Hankinson is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, having served in the role since January 2020. Prior to that he served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Development from February 2016 until January 2020; Vice President, Corporate Development from October 2009 until February 2016; Vice President, Business Development for Constellation’s prior Canadian business from October 2007 until October 2009; and Director of Corporate Development from March 2004 until October 2007. Michael McGrew Age 51 Executive Vice President, Chief Communications, CSR, and Inclusion Officer Mr. McGrew is the Executive Vice President, Chief Communications, CSR, and Inclusion Officer of the Company. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2020 when he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and CSR Officer. Mr. McGrew also served as Chief Strategy Officer from December 2023 to October 2024 in addition to his other roles. He joined Constellation in September 2014 as Senior Director, Communications – Beer Division and held a number of progressive leadership roles within the Company prior to becoming an Executive Vice President. Before joining the Company, he held a number of roles with increasing responsibility at Grainger, then a $9 billion global provider of industrial supplies and equipment. While at Grainger, from 2011 to 2013 Mr. McGrew served as Director, U.S. Business Communications; from January 2013 to October 2013 he served as Senior Director, U.S. Business & Global Supply Chain Communications; and from October 2013 to September 2014 he served as Senior Director, Communications – Americas, among other roles. Mallika Monteiro Age 46 Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Brands and Interim Chief Growth and Strategy Officer Ms. Monteiro is the Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Brands and Interim Chief Growth and Strategy Officer of the Company, having served in the roles since October 2024 and March 2025 (with respect to her Interim role). Prior to that she served as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Growth and Digital Officer and Managing Director, Beer Brands from December 2023 to October 2024; Executive Vice President, Chief Growth, Strategy, and Digital Officer from March 2021 to November 2023; Executive Vice President, Chief Growth and Strategy Officer from October 2019 to February 2021; and Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer from October 2018 to September 2019. She joined Constellation in October 2016 as Vice President, Beer Innovation and was given additional responsibilities as Chief of Staff to the Company’s Executive Management Committee in July 2018. Before joining the Company, from July 2014 to September 2016, Ms. Monteiro was a Senior Marketing Director at Anheuser Busch InBev. Prior to joining Anheuser Busch InBev, she served in roles of increasing responsibility with Beam Suntory Inc., including as Associate Brand Manager – Jim Beam from July 2007 to June 2009, Brand Manager – Cognac from July 2009 to December 2011, and Senior Brand Manager – Vodka from January 2012 to June 2014. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 11 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents James A. Sabia, Jr. Age 63 Executive Vice President and President, Beer Division Mr. Sabia is the Executive Vice President and President, Beer Division of the Company, having served in the roles since January 2022 and February 2022, respectively. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Division from March 2021 until January 2022; Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer from May 2018 until March 2021; Chief Marketing Officer of the Company’s Beer Division from 2009 until May 2018; and Vice President, Marketing of the Company’s spirits business from 2007 until 2009. Before joining the Company, Mr. Sabia was with Molson Coors Brewing Company for 17 years. Company Information Our website is https://www.cbrands.com, and our investor relations website is https://ir.cbrands.com. Our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are accessible free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website, https://www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as ourselves, that file electronically with the SEC. Our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics specifically applies to our chief executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our controller, and is available on our investor relations website. This Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics meets the requirements as set forth in the Exchange Act, Item 406 of Regulation S-K. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all employees, directors, and officers, including each person who is subject to the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, together with our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing, is available on our website under “Our Policies.” Copies of these materials are available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Stockholders should direct such requests in writing to Investor Relations Department, Constellation Brands, Inc., 50 East Broad Street, Rochester, New York 14614, or by telephoning our Investor Center at 1-888-922-2150. Our Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Charters of the Board’s Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee (which serves as the Board’s compensation committee), and Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee are accessible on our investor relations website. Amendments to, and waivers granted to our directors and executive officers under, our codes of ethics, if any, will be posted in this area of our investor relations website. The information regarding our websites and their content is for your convenience only. The content of our websites is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K or filed with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 12 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to information discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following factors, as well as additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, which could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in future periods. These factors, some of which have occurred and/or are occurring, and any of which could occur in the future, are not the only ones we face. The following factors are organized under relevant headings; however, they may be relevant to other headings as well. Strategic Risks Potential declines in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our Mexican beer brands Our business depends upon consumers’ consumption of our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and sales of our Mexican beer brands in the U.S. represent the vast majority of our business. Consumer preferences, behaviors, perception, and sentiment may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in taste preferences and leisure, dining, and beverage purchasing and consumption patterns, U.S. demographic trends, trends involving environmental sustainability and CSR matters, changing market dynamics, including premiumization, moderation, and betterment trends, pricing, perceived value, branding, marketing, and reputational considerations, geopolitical tensions, and other negative trends impacting our products, business, and the beverage alcohol industry. Further, a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories has occurred before and could occur again in the future due to a variety of factors, including: • reduced consumer discretionary income, subdued overall consumer spending, and behavior among consumers as well as elevated unemployment; • new or increased tariffs, import and excise duties, or other taxes on or impacting beverage alcohol products, including raw and packaging materials; • uncertainty, instability, or a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions; • impacts from inflation, including reduced consumer spending and increased costs, such as for commodities; • consumer spending shifts, including to other consumer discretionary sectors, such as online gambling; • concern about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol products, including moderation and betterment trends and the impacts of health warning recommendations, such as cancer risk warnings, and about drinking and driving or other safety considerations; • reduced consumption of beverage alcohol products, including as a result of stricter laws, such as those relating to consumption or driving while under the influence of alcohol, or resulting from consumer dietary preference changes, weight loss regimens and pharmaceuticals, including drugs, or consumers substituting legalized cannabis or or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol; • increased activity from governmental entities, groups, or other bodies, such as the World Health Organization and the former U.S. Surgeon General, advocating measures or guidelines designed to reduce or eliminate the consumption of beverage alcohol products or require more stringent labeling or warning requirements; • possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing; • increased regulation restricting the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products; • changes in immigration laws, regulations, policies, and enforcement impacting consumers, particularly Hispanic consumers; • the inability of our wine and spirits business to become a global, competitor as well as ongoing wine category headwinds and continued inventory destocking by retailers; or • wars or military conflicts, disease outbreaks or pandemics, quarantines, weather, and natural or disasters, including wildfires, droughts, floods, extreme heat, and/or late frosts. If these or any other factors cause or continue to cause a decline in the growth rate, amount, or profitability of sales of our Mexican beer brands in the U.S. or any material shift in consumer preferences, behaviors, perception, and sentiment in our major markets away from our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and our Mexican beer brands in particular, or from the categories in which they compete, or if our financial or operational Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 13 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents forecasts turn out to be inaccurate, it could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Acquisition, divestiture, investment, and NPD strategies and activities From time to time, we acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. We integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations, and information systems. If the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations or otherwise be adversely affected. We may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. In addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to fully realize anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities, or other potential synergies. The fair value of acquired businesses or investments may not remain constant. We also divest businesses, assets, or securities of companies from time to time, including those that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business, such as the pending 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction. We have provided and in the future may provide various indemnifications in connection with divestitures of businesses or assets. Divestitures of portions of our business have also resulted and may continue to result in costs stranded in our remaining business. Delays in developing or implementing plans to address such costs could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our financial objectives, and we may be unsuccessful in partially or fully mitigating such costs. The failure to complete any planned divestitures may also result in negative business and financial results. The amount of contingent consideration, if any, received in divestitures may also vary based on various factors, including actual future brand performance. We have acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate the Glass Plant, our interest in Canopy, and investments made through our corporate venture capital function; and we have acquired control of companies which we did not wholly own. We have also acquired full ownership of companies that we partially owned, such as our acquisitions of the remaining ownership interests in Austin Cocktails, My Favorite Neighbor, and Nelson’s Green Brier. These types of transactions could occur again in the future. Our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold or may hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. Our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests often require us to, among other matters, pay certain costs, make capital investments, fulfill alone our joint venture partners’ obligations, or purchase other parties’ interests. The entities in which we have an interest have been and may continue to be subject to litigation which may have an adverse impact on their ability to do business or under which they may incur costs and expenses which could have a material adverse impact on their operations or financial condition which, in turn, could negatively impact the value of our investment. In addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal and our ability to deliver optimized marketing in an evolving and dynamic media landscape, including through existing and emerging digital technologies, such as AI and data analytics. A new product launch can give rise to a variety of costs. An unsuccessful launch can, among other things, affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. Unsuccessful implementation or popularity of our product innovations has resulted and may in the future result in inventory and other costs. We may not complete acquisitions, divestitures, or investments on our expected terms, conditions, and timetables, and we may not realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or NPD. We have recognized significant impairment losses and/or in connection with acquired and divested businesses and investments, such as our recent Wine and Spirits and impairments, and we may do so again in the future. Furthermore, our acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures may not be profitable, our Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2025 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 14 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents forecasts regarding acquisition, divestiture, or investment activities may not be accurate, or the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we must consolidate as a result of our investment activities but do not control or wholly own may not be as robust as our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or NPD, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights; failure to protect our intellectual property rights Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We have been granted numerous trademark registrations and use certain trademarks under license covering our brands and products, and we have filed, and expect to continue to file or have filed on our behalf, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. We cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any such trademark applications. We could also fail to timely renew or protect a trademark, and our competitors could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us. We have been and may continue to be subject to litigation related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to substantial uncertainties and unfavorable developments and resolutions could occur. In addition, the amount of time and cost to defend ourselves could be substantial. A substantial adverse judgment or other unfavorable resolution of these matters or our failure to otherwise protect our intellectual property rights as well as the costs associated with such activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Damage to our reputation The success of our brands depends upon consumer perception, including having a positive image of those brands, and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. Our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid), negative comments or campaigns in social media or other public forums, or our responses relating to, among other things: • a perceived or actual failure to maintain high ethical standards and responsible operating practices to achieve our business goals; • perceptions and demands toward, and publicity surrounding or our performance related to, our environmental sustainability and CSR strategies, initiatives, targets, commitments, and aspirations, including impacts of advocacy, protests, boycotts, and similar activities, as well as associated reporting regulations, standards, frameworks, and ratings; • a perceived or actual failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety, integrity, or health aspects of our products, including from accidental or deliberate contamination or tampering; • actions we may take to enhance or safeguard our reputation and uphold our core values, including changes to our operations, sales, advertising, marketing, and NPD; • allegations that we, or persons currently or formerly employed by or associated with us, have allegedly or actually violated applicable laws or regulations, including those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistleblowing, privacy, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cybersecurity, or have otherwise engaged in negatively perceived activities; • marketing or advertising, such as in social media, that results in our products having an unintended association with or appearance near contentious content; • investors, activists, influencers, or other stakeholders seeking to influence our business, strategies, operations, and products; • geopolitical tensions and associated negative impacts on our products and business; • our environmental impact, including the use of agricultural materials, water, and energy, packaging, and waste management; • our investment in and association with a cannabis business; or • efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis. Various stakeholders have expressed widely divergent views on environmental sustainability, social, human capital, and matters, among others, and we are faced with conflicting expectations and regulations regarding such matters which has inhibited and may continue to inhibit our ability

[truncated]