Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Excha nge of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoe ver for any loss howsoever arising from or in
reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this ann ouncement.
CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED 
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability) 
(Stock Code: 1093) 
ʮ ̡ 
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
This announcement is made by CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limi ted (the ‘‘Company ’’, together with
its subsidiaries, the ‘‘Group ’’) pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Rules Governing the Lis ting of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ‘‘Listing Rules ’’) and the Inside
Information Provisions (as defined in the Listing Rules) un der Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
Reference is made to the voluntary announcements of the Comp any dated 30 January 2026 and 29 May
2026, respectively, in relation to a) the strategic collabo ration and license agreement entered into
between the Group and AstraZeneca to develop innovative lon g-acting peptide medicines (the
‘‘Agreement ’’); and b) the receipt of the upfront payment of US$1,200 milli on (the ‘‘Upfront
Payment ’’) by the Group in May 2026 pursuant to the terms of the Agreemen t.
The Board of Directors of the Company (the ‘‘Board ’’) wishes to inform the shareholders and potential
investors of the Company that, based on a preliminary assess ment of the unaudited consolidated
management accounts of the Group for the six months ended 30 J une 2026 (the ‘‘Reporting Period ’’)
and the information currently available to the Board, the Gr oup is expected to record a consolidated
profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Reporti ng Period within the range of RMB5,900
million to RMB6,200 million, representing a significant in crease as compared to the consolidated profit
attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB2 ,550 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025. The primary reason for such increase is mainly a ttributable to the combined effect of the
following factors:
1. Significant increase in licence fee income compared with the same period last year
US$840 million (equivalent to approximately RMB5,740 mill ion) of the Upfront Payment is
expected to be recognised as licence fee income for the secon d quarter of 2026, making a
significant revenue contribution to the Group during the Re porting Period.
– 1 –
2. Stable growth in sales revenue from finished drugs busine ss, excluding the impact of licence
fee income
Excluding the impact of the aforesaid licence fee income for the first half of 2026, the sales
revenue of the finished drugs business during the Reporting Period increased by approximately
10% compared with the same period last year, continuing to pr ovide solid support for the overall
profit of the Group.
As at the date of this announcement, the Company is still in th e process of finalising the interim results
of the Group for the Reporting Period. The information conta ined in this announcement is only based
on a preliminary assessment by the Board with reference to th e unaudited consolidated management
accounts of the Group currently available and other informa tion, which have not been reviewed or
audited by the Company ’s independent auditor, nor reviewed by the audit committee o f the Company.
As the interim results have not yet been finalised as at the da te of this announcement, the actual
financial results of the Group for the Reporting Period may d iffer from what is disclosed in this
announcement. The Company expects to publish the interim re sults announcement of the Group for the
six months ended 30 June 2026 on 20 August 2026.
Shareholders and potential investors of the Company are adv ised to exercise caution and not to
place undue reliance on the information disclosed in this an nouncement when dealing in the
securities of the Company.
By Order of the Board
CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited
CAI Dong Chen
Chairman
Hong Kong, 27 July 2026
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. C AI Dong Chen, Dr. CAI Lei, Mr. WEI
Qingjie, Mr. ZHANG Cuilong, Mr. WANG Zhenguo, Dr. LI Chunlei , Dr. YAO Bing, Mr. CAI Xin, Mr.
CHEN Weiping, Mr. QU Zhiyong and Mr. ZHANG Yiwei as Executive Directors; and Mr. WANG Bo,
Mr. CHEN Chuan, Prof. WANG Hongguang, Mr. AU Chun Kwok Alan, M r. LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen
and Ms. LI Quan as Independent Non-executive Directors.
– 2 –