CSPC Sees Profit Surge on AstraZeneca Deal and Solid Drug Sales - The Globe and Mail Home Canada Business Investing Life Opinion World Politics Personal Finance Culture Sports More More Latest in More Real Estate Drive Watchlist For You Events Find clarity in the chaos. Subscribe now and save 70% SUBSCRIBE FROM $0.99/WEEK Digital access Digital + home delivery TSX 0.99 % S&P 500 0.73 % DOW 0.49 % NASDAQ 1.19 % Oil -1.43 % Dollar -0.09 % Gold 0.5 % tsx movers: CNQ-T + 1.53 % TD-T + 0.41 % SU-T + 0.87 % ENB-T -0.35 % This section contains press releases and other materials from third parties (including paid content). The Globe and Mail has not reviewed this content. Please see disclaimer . CSPC Sees Profit Surge on AstraZeneca Deal and Solid Drug Sales Tipranks - Tipranks - Tue Jul 28, 4:38AM CDT Claim 55% Off TipRanks Unlock powerful investing tools with TipRanks Premium to make smarter, more confident investment decisions Subscribe to TipRanks Smart Investor Newsletter , and discover new investing opportunities with data-backed stock picks An announcement from CSPC Pharmaceutical Group ( (HK:1093) ) is now available. CSPC Pharmaceutical Group has issued a positive profit alert for the six months ended 30 June 2026, projecting consolidated profit attributable to shareholders of between RMB5.9 billion and RMB6.2 billion, up sharply from about RMB2.55 billion a year earlier. The surge is largely driven by recognition of US$840 million from a US$1.2 billion upfront payment under its licensing agreement with AstraZeneca. Excluding the one-off licence fee income, CSPC’s finished drugs business still delivered around 10% sales growth year-on-year, underscoring solid underlying demand for its products. The company cautioned that the figures are based on unaudited management accounts and may change when interim results are released on 20 August 2026, but the alert highlights stronger earnings momentum and the financial impact of its global partnership strategy. The most recent analyst rating on (HK:1093) stock is a Buy with a HK$13.05 price target. To see the full list of analyst forecasts on CSPC Pharmaceutical Group stock, see the HK:1093 Stock Forecast page . More about CSPC Pharmaceutical Group CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited is a Hong Kong-incorporated pharmaceutical company listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. The group focuses on finished drug products and innovative medicines, and is expanding its portfolio through strategic collaborations, including a major licensing deal to develop long-acting peptide therapies with AstraZeneca. YTD Price Performance: 3.70% Average Trading Volume: 102,149,627 Technical Sentiment Signal: Strong Buy Current Market Cap: HK$98.35B For an in-depth examination of 1093 stock, go to TipRanks’ Overview page . Disclaimer & Disclosure Report an Issue Trending Articles Stock Futures Mixed ahead of Big Tech Earnings, Fed Decision Will Microsoft Stock Rebound After Wednesday’s Earnings? Here’s What Truist Sees ‘Don’t Get Too Excited,’ Says Morgan Stanley About Applied Digital Stock This article contains syndicated content. We have not reviewed, approved, or endorsed the content, and may receive compensation for placement of the content on this site. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policy here . It’s a terrible time to be a stock picker Dividend stocks are getting dinged by rising bond yields. Just look at Fortis. And Telus. And TC Energy ... Why buy risky stocks when boring bonds offer similar results right now Ian McGugan Market data provided by Barchart. Exchange delay details and data provider terms here . Information may be delayed, is provided 'as is' and is solely for informational purposes, and not for trading, investment or advice. Terms & Conditions Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Disclaimer Skip footer navigation Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Jump to footer navigation © Copyright 2026 The Globe and Mail Inc. All rights reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600, Toronto, ON Canada, M5A 0N1 Andrew Saunders, President and CEO