BETA Close X Drax Group PLC has completed the commissioning of its first 299MW Open Cycle Gas Turbine (OCGT) plant at Hirwaun Power Station, assuming commercial control and marking a significant step in its development of three such plants totaling approximately 900MW. These OCGTs will generate revenue through peak power, system support services, and long-term Capacity Market agreements extending to 2039, valued at over £260 million. The company also highlighted initial investments in Battery Energy Storage Systems and its exploration of further flexible and renewable energy opportunities to support energy security and deliver shareholder returns. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 29 May 2026 29 May 2026 Drax Group plc ("Drax" or the "Company"; Symbol: DRX) Commissioning of First OCGT Plant Drax is pleased to announce that commissioning of Hirwaun Power Station is now complete and Drax has assumed commercial control from the developer Metlen Energy & Metals. Hirwaun, which is located in South Wales, is the first of three 299MW Open Cycle Gas Turbine (OCGT) plants which Drax is developing in England and Wales. Drax Group CEO, Will Gardiner, said: "The successful commissioning of our first OCGT plant is a landmark moment for Drax. "The energy transition is creating opportunities for us to invest and grow our business in line with the country's energy needs. Alongside our OCGT developments, we have made initial investments in Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS), which we see as an attractive market. We are continuing to explore options to invest in flexible and renewable energy, supporting energy security, creating value for stakeholders and attractive returns for shareholders in line with our capital allocation policy." The three OCGTs combined will provide capacity of c.900MW when fully commissioned and be remunerated via a combination of peak power generation, system support services, and long-term index-linked Capacity Market agreements. These Capacity Market agreements extend to 2039 and are worth over £260 million in revenue. The sites benefit from a low fixed cost base with operation and dispatch managed centrally by Drax and day-to-day management of the sites by Siemens Energy. Power generation and system support capabilities The flexibility of OCGTs allows them to switch on and off quickly to meet periods of high demand, which supports the increased use of intermittent renewables across the UK system, supporting energy security, with a reduced dependence on fossil fuels and a reduction in net carbon emissions. In addition, the OCGTs have been built with a clutch mechanism between the turbine and generator, allowing for them to operate as a Synchronous Compensator, which can provide additional non-generation services, such as inertia and voltage control, without engaging the gas turbine. With the evolution of the UK market, continued roll out of renewables and an increased focus on energy security, Drax believe that demand for and value of these types of services will increase. Enquiries: Drax Investor Relations: Mark Strafford mark.strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Media: Drax External Communications: Aidan Kerr Aidan.kerr@drax.com +44 (0) 7849 090 368 Website: www.drax.com END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and