BETA Close X Drax Group PLC has applied for the block admission of 210,000 ordinary shares of 11 16 / 29 pence each to the London Stock Exchange Main Market, effective on 16 April 2026. These shares will be admitted in connection with the Company's Sharesave Plan and will be fungible with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 15 April 2026 15 April 2026 DRAX GROUP PLC ("Drax" or the "Company"; Symbol: DRX) Application for block admission to trading The Company announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the block admission of a total of 210,000 ordinary shares of 11 16 / 29 pence each in the capital of the Company to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange Main Market. The shares will be admitted in connection with the Company's employee share plan set out below and will be fungible with all other ordinary shares already admitted to trading. Share plan Number of shares to be admitted Sharesave Plan 210,000 Total shares to be admitted 210,000 Admission is expected to be effective on 16 April 2026. LEI: 549300YPSNTXR4ZHSR98 ISIN: GB00B1VNSX38 - - END - - This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and