BETA Close X Drax Group plc announced the appointment of Joep van Beurden as a non-executive director, effective October 1, 2026, bringing extensive experience from his CEO roles at Kendrion N.V. and CSR Plc, as well as previous positions at Royal Dutch Shell and McKinsey & Co. His background includes leadership in driving growth and change, which is expected to enhance the board's diverse skill set. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 08 September 2026 Drax Group plc ("Drax", "the Group", "Drax Group", "the Company"; Symbol: DRX) Appointment of Non-Executive Director Drax is pleased to announce the appointment of Joep van Beurden as a non-executive director, effective from 1 October 2026. Joep has been CEO of Kendrion N.V., a company listed on Euronext Amsterdam that specialises in precision engineering, since 2015. Prior to this, he served as CEO of CSR Plc, a FTSE 250 company, from 2007 to 2015 and as CEO of NexWave Inc. from 2004 to 2007. Earlier in his career, Joep also held roles at Royal Dutch Shell, McKinsey & Co., Philips N.V. and Canesta Inc. Joep holds a Master's degree in Applied Physics from Twente University of Technology. He was a member of the supervisory board of Adyen N.V. from 2017 to 2025 and joined the supervisory board of TomTom N.V. in April 2026. Commenting on Joep's appointment, Andrea Bertone, Chair said "I am delighted that Joep has agreed to join the Drax Board. His wide-ranging experience in leading change and delivering organic and non-organic growth will further strengthen the diverse mix of skills and experience on the Board." There is no further information required to be disclosed in accordance with Rule 6.4.8R of the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. Enquiries: Drax Investor Relations: Mark Strafford mark.strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Chris Simpson chris.simpson@drax.com +44 (0) 7923 257 815 Media: Drax External Communications: Chris Mostyn chris.mostyn@drax.com +44 (0) 7743 963 483 Website: www.drax.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Kromek Group 1 hour ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Derwent London 1 hour ago Jupiter Fund Management All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and