BETA Close X Drax Group PLC reported a decrease in Adjusted EBITDA to £279 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, down from £460 million in the prior year, primarily due to lower achieved power prices. Despite this, the company maintained a strong balance sheet with net debt at £1,025 million and cash and committed facilities of £630 million. Drax is progressing with its growth strategy, including investments in battery energy storage systems and the proposed acquisition of Bluefield Solar Income Fund, which is expected to increase generation capacity by approximately 85% compared to 2025. The interim dividend has been increased to 12.9 pence per share, and the company expects a full-year dividend of 32.2 pence per share. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 30 July 2026 30 July 2026 DRAX GROUP PLC (Symbol: DRX) HALF YEAR RESULTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026 Delivering energy security, investing for growth Six months ended 30 June 2026 2025 Key financial performance measures Adjusted EBITDA (1/2) (£ million) 279 460 Net debt (3) (£ million) 1,025 1,062 Adjusted basic EPS (1) (pence) 29.8 65.6 Dividend per share (pence) 12.9 11.6 Total financial performance measures Operating profit (£ million) 265 301 Profit before tax (£ million) 222 281 Drax Group CEO, Will Gardiner, said: "Drax has delivered a good performance in the first half. Our colleagues and supply chain partners have been working hard to help keep the lights on for millions of UK households and businesses through a period of acute geopolitical uncertainty and challenging weather. "We are at a key moment in Drax's transition, investing to create a larger and broader portfolio with more MWs under management that can provide more power to the country when needed. Over the years we have grown the business from a single-site biomass generator to a multi-site portfolio operating a broader range of generation technologies. Critically, through our growth plans for batteries, OCGTs and our Selby site, we are driving economic growth across the country, in alignment with the policy priorities of the UK Government. We are also actively developing options for more renewables, including the proposed acquisition of Bluefield Solar Income Fund, and our trading and optimisation platform. Taken together we believe that these actions can support energy security and will increase the Group's generation capacity by around 85% compared to 2025. As a result, we expect to increase our earnings, deliver value for our stakeholders, support growth and attractive returns for shareholders." Highlights · Good performance across the Group · High levels of renewable generation and system support - c.6% of UK power, 10% of UK renewables · First OCGT commissioned, operational and performing well - c.0.3GW capacity added to portfolio · Cruachan turbine upgrade progressing, work continuing to resolve grid access restriction · Strong balance sheet · £630 million of cash and committed facilities, 1.3x Net debt to Adj. EBITDA · Sustainable and growing dividend - interim dividend of 12.9 pence per share (H1-25: 11.6 pence per share) · Expected full year dividend up 11.0% to 32.2 pence per share (2025: 29.0 pence per share) · Return of surplus capital beyond investment requirements - £48 million share buybacks (4) · Programme paused in view of proposed acquisition of Bluefield Solar Income Fund (BSIF) 2026 financial outlook · FY-26 expectations for Adj. EBITDA in line with analyst consensus estimates (5) Medium-term outlook: addition of c.0.7GW of BESS expected to deliver step change in Adj. EBITDA · Targeting increased Adj. EBITDA of £650-800m in 2029 · Includes Pellet Production, Biomass Generation, Flexgen(6) and 0.7GW of BESS developments expected to commission from 2027 onwards, supported by Flexitricity platform · Currently excludes any benefit associated with proposed acquisition of BSIF (expected to become effective on 31 July 2026) and other additional opportunities · Adjusting cost base and resource in line with needs of new CfD contract, growth strategy and value creation · Continuing to target annual structural savings of >£150 million pa from 2027 vs. 2024 base Opportunities for further growth and Adj. EBITDA development · Proposed acquisition of BSIF for £561 million (enterprise value of c.£1,082 million) · 0.9GW of solar and wind, plus 2.9GW pipeline of BESS and solar, incl. c.0.5GW of solar with 15-to-20 year CfD · FY-25 EBITDA of c.£130 million and c.£118 million of operating free cash flow · Process: on 24 July BSIF shareholders voted 99% in support of the proposed acquisition, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other pre-conditions and the sanction of the Scheme at a Court Hearing, the Scheme is currently expected to become effective on 31 July 2026 · Assessing opportunities for further investment in flexible generation and renewables · Drax Power Station - options to utilise 4GW of grid access capacity · Developing options for data centre capacity - targeting submission of planning application in H2-26 to support a first phase of 100MW · Exploring options for additional system support services and generation Maintaining disciplined capital allocation policy to support investment for growth and returns to shareholders · Optionality underpinned by strong balance sheet · Credit ratings reiterated - S&P (BB + stable), Fitch (BB + stable) and DBRS (BBB low) - all post BSIF announcement · Investment to maintain and grow asset base, targeting returns significantly in excess of WACC · Sustainable and growing dividend - ten consecutive years of growth with average annual increase >11% pa · Return of surplus capital beyond current investment requirements · >£1.2 billion returned via dividend and share buyback since 2017 · Total number of voting rights, excluding treasury shares, as at 29 July 2026 was c.337 million Governance and sustainability · Closure of FCA investigation related to certain historical statements regarding Drax's biomass sourcing and the compliance of Drax's 2021, 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports - no action taken · MSCI AA rating (was A rating) · CDP A rating for climate and forestry - top 4% of companies submitting disclosures · SBTi targets to 2040 validated Operating and financial review Six months ended 30 June ( £ million) 2026 2025 Adjusted EBITDA 279 460 Pellet Production 64 74 Biomass Generation 159 332 Pumped Storage and Hydro 47 64 Energy Solutions 27 18 OCGT 4 - Flexitricity (1) - Flexible Generation & Energy Solutions 77 81 Other Costs (21) (27) Pellet Production - US supply chain supporting UK energy security · Continued focus on operational improvement and efficiency · Production of 1.9Mt (H1-25: 2.1Mt) reflects closure of Williams Lake in Canada and H2 weighted production aligned to Drax Power Station generation · Reduction in Pellet Production Adj. EBITDA · US - progress with cost reduction resulting in lower Pellet Production revenues under established intercompany pricing methodology but lower biomass costs for Biomass Generation · Canada - good operational performance, constrained fibre market, lower margins · Ongoing strategic review of Canadian operations Biomass Generation - UK energy security with dispatchable renewable generation and system support services · Reduction in Adj. EBITDA primarily reflects lower achieved power price versus H1-25 · Generation of 7.0TWh (H1-25: 7.1TWh) - reflects continuing system support role and buyback of forward sold positions to reallocate generation to expected higher value periods in H2-26 · Major planned outage underway on one unit, expected completion in August 2026 Flexible Generation & Energy Solutions (Flexgen) - flexible generation and system support services · Pumped Storage and Hydro - strong underlying performance, inclusive of major planned and unplanned outages · Cruachan planned outage on units 3 and 4 - grid connection failure (December 2025) caused by assets owned by Scottish Power Energy Networks. Drax engaging with SPEN to restore the connection, expected in 2027 · Work continues on a planned c.£80 million investment to refurbish and upgrade units 3 and 4. The programme is expected to continue through 2027 and will add 40MW of additional capacity and improve unit operations · OCGTs · First unit (Hirwaun) commenced operations in May 2026, performing well · Remuneration via peak power generation, system support services and Capacity Market agreements · Energy Solutions - performing well · Renewable power supply and services to industrial and commercial users · Route to market for c.2,000 embedded generators - c.800MW capacity · Continued development of system support services via demand-side response and electric vehicle services · Flexitricity - acquired March 2026 for £36 million, net of cash acquired · Currently providing route to market services for c.0.9GW assets - primarily BESS and thermal · Expect to use proprietary optimisation platform to support BESS opportunities comprising (i) physical assets and (ii) the capability to optimise third-party assets with the provision of route to market, floor and tolling structures · BESS - targeting GW-scale pipeline of BESS opportunities and optimisation capabilities · 710MW in development - physical assets and tolling agreements (Fidra and Zenobē projects, FID taken), expected operational in 2027 and 2028 Contracted generation position to Q1-27 · As at 28 July 2026, c.£1.1 billion of forward power sales between 2026 and 2028 on RO biomass, pumped storage and hydro, and OCGT assets - 13.8TWh at an average price of £82.7/MWh (7/8) Contracted power sales as at 23 July 2026 2026 2027 2028 Net RO, hydro and gas (TWh) (7) 11.5 2.1 0.2 Average achieved £ per MWh (8) 83.4 80.0 70.5 CfD (TWh) (9) 3.4 0.8 - · New CfD for biomass generation from April 2027 - hedged rateably in line with the season ahead index · Dispatch up to 2.6GW in line with system needs, capturing price volatility associated with growth of intermittent renewables Other financial information Capital investment · Capital investment of £85 million (H1-25: £59 million) · Growth - £46 million - BESS, Pumped Storage and Hydro upgrades, and OCGTs · Maintenance and other - £39 million, including major planned outage at Drax Power Station · FY-26 expected capital investment of c.£210-250 million, before BSIF · Growth - c.£100 million - BESS, Pumped Storage and Hydro upgrades, and OCGTs · Maintenance and other - c.£130 million - inclusive of major planned outage at Drax Power Station Cash and balance sheet · Cash generated from operations of £79 million (H1-25: £378 million) · Reflects lower Adj. EBITDA and net working capital increase primarily related to renewable certificates · Net working capital outflow of £175 million (H1-25: £102 million) · Net debt of £1,025 million (31 December 2025: £784 million), including cash and cash equivalents of £180 million (31 December 2025: £302 million) · £450 million Revolving Credit Facility and €135 million term-loan extended to 2029 · Bridging facility agreed, drawdown subject to successful completion of proposed BSIF acquisition Notes: (1) Financial performance measures prefixed with "Adjusted/Adj." are stated after adjusting for exceptional items and certain remeasurements. (2) Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, other gains and losses and impairment of non-current assets, excluding the impact of exceptional items and certain remeasurements, earnings from associates and earnings attributable to non-controlling interests. (3) Net debt is calculated by taking the Group's borrowings, adjusting for the impact of associated hedging instruments, lease liabilities and subtracting cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes the share of borrowings, lease liabilities and cash and cash equivalents attributable to non-controlling interests. Borrowings includes external financial debt, such as loan notes, term-loans and amounts drawn in cash under revolving credit facilities. Net debt does not include financial liabilities such as pension obligations, trade and other payables, working capital facilities linked directly to specific payables that provide short extension of payment terms of less than 12 months and balances related to supply chain finance. Net debt includes the impact of any cash collateral receipts from counterparties or cash collateral posted to counterparties. (4) c.£41 million of share buyback and c.£7 million of shares purchased to satisfy share-based payment arrangements. (5) As of 23 July 2026, analyst consensus for 2026 Adj. EBITDA was £665 million, with a range of £643 - £681 million. The details of this consensus are displayed on the Group's website. Consensus is stated before the proposed acquisition of BSIF and Drax expects to provide further updates on the impact of BSIF on the outlook for 2026 in September 2026, subject to completion. Consensus - Drax Global (6) Excludes development expenditure and capital projects development. (7) Presented net of cost of closing out gas positions at maturity and replacing with forward power sales. (8) Includes de minimis structured power sales in 2026, 2027 and 2028 (forward gas sales as a proxy for forward power), transacted for the purpose of accessing additional liquidity for forward sales and highly correlated to forward power prices. (9) CfD strike price, c.£142/MWh (Apr-25 to Mar-26) and c.£147/MWh (Apr-26 to Mar-27). Forward Looking Statements This announcement may contain certain statements, expectations, statistics, projections and other information that are, or may be, forward-looking. The accuracy and completeness of all such statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the future financial position, strategy, projected costs, plans, beliefs, and objectives for the management of future operations of Drax Group plc ("Drax") and its subsidiaries ("the Group"), are not warranted or guaranteed. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may occur in the future. Although Drax believes that the statements, expectations, statistics and projections and other information reflected in such statements are reasonable, they reflect Drax's current view and no assurance can be given that they will prove to be correct. Such events and statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Group, which could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These include, but are not limited to, factors such as: future revenues being lower than expected; increasing competitive pressures in the industry; uncertainty as to future investment and support achieved in enabling the realisation of strategic aims and objectives; and/or general economic conditions or conditions affecting the relevant industry, both domestically and internationally, being less favourable than expected, including the impact of prevailing economic and political uncertainty; the impact of conflicts around the world; the impact of cyber-attacks on IT and systems infrastructure (whether operated directly by Drax or through third parties); the impact of strikes; the impact of adverse weather conditions or events such as wildfires; and changes to the regulatory and compliance environment within which the Group operates. We do not intend to publicly update or revise these projections or other forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, and we do not assume any responsibility for doing so. Webcast arrangements Management will host a webcast presentation for analysts and investors at 9:00am (UK time) on Thursday 30 July 2026. The presentation can be accessed remotely via a live webcast link, as detailed below. After the meeting, the webcast recording will be made available and access details of this recording are also set out below. A copy of the presentation will be made available from 7:00am (UK time) on Thursday 30 July 2026 for download at: https://www.drax.com/investors/announcements-events-reports/presentations/ Event Title: Drax Group plc - Half Year Results 2026 Event Date: Thursday 30 July 2026 9:00am (UK time) Webcast Live Event Link: https://secure.emincote.com/client/drax/drax034 Conference call and pre-register Link: https://secure.emincote.com/client/drax/drax034/vip_connect For further information please contact: Christopher.Laing@fticonsulting.com Website: www.drax.com CEO's review Introduction Energy security, affordability, and decarbonisation remain dominant global themes. At Drax we are continuing to play our part in addressing these issues through the provision of the reliable renewable electricity, flexibility and system support services that the UK grid needs. At the end of 2025, we outlined a programme for investment of c.£2 billion into flexible and renewable energy, as part of a strategy to increase the MWs we control, scaling the business and in doing so helping to address the energy trilemma, whilst supporting UK economic growth and creating value for our stakeholders. The investment window for this programme remains 2025 to 2031, using the strong cash flows we expect to generate from the existing business. Over the last eight months we have made tremendous progress, adding 710MW of BESS developments (a balance sheet commitment of c.£0.5 billion) and the proposed acquisition of Bluefield Solar Income Fund (BSIF), which would, if completed, add 0.9GW of solar and onshore wind, and a pipeline of 2.9GW (equity value of £561 million and an enterprise value of c.£1.1 billion). These developments have the potential to be transformative for the Group, and when taken together with our existing investments in OCGTs would increase the Group's generation capacity by c.85% compared to 2025 - adding over 200 sites across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland - and in doing so making Drax a business predominantly focused on flexible generation and solar and wind. The combination of flexible generation, solar and wind, and biomass generation is operationally attractive, with more assets in more locations providing more services to support the UK energy system and in doing so creating further opportunities to grow and create value. This portfolio of distinct but complementary asset classes can, we believe, reduce risk, with improved earnings quality and more predictable cash flows which can support improved returns to shareholders. In addition, we are continuing to develop options to fully utilise the 4GW of grid connection capacity at the Drax Power Station site, including a potential option for a c.100MW data centre (with the planning application for this expected to be submitted in H2 2026), with an ambition to add an additional 500MW by 2031 with further expansion ambition beyond. These opportunities are built on a strong balance sheet, with a capital allocation policy which is unchanged since 2017 and structured to support the development of the Group. The business is generating significant free cash flow and stands ready to invest in our strategy and opportunities to create value from our asset base, and will continue disciplined capital allocation, as we seek to maximise shareholder value. Reflecting our prioritisation of balance sheet strength and the developing opportunities for growth, including the potential acquisition of BSIF, we have paused our share buyback programme. Summary of H1 2026 Adjusted EBITDA of £279 million reflects a good performance across the portfolio, which reflects lower achieved power prices and is inclusive of planned and unplanned outage work in our pumped storage business (Cruachan). The two available units at Cruachan have performed strongly, which reflects the need for greater flexibility on the system, in addition to high levels of power generation across the Group to support energy security. Our balance sheet is strong, with total cash and committed facilities of £630 million and Net debt of £1,025 million. Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA on a last twelve-month basis is 1.3 times, significantly below our long-term target of around 2 times, before the proposed acquisition of BSIF. In June, following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of BSIF, S&P, Fitch and DBRS reiterated their ratings (BB + stable, BB + stable and BBB low respectively), noting reduced business risk. We expect to propose a dividend for the 2026 financial year of 32.2 pence per share, an 11% increase on 2025. We see the dividend as a cornerstone of our capital allocation policy and are committed to paying a dividend that is sustainable and expected to grow as we progress our strategy. As has been our practice since we implemented the policy in 2017, 40% of the expected full year dividend will be paid for the first six months of 2026, being 12.9 pence per share. Over the period since 2017, the average annual growth rate in the dividend per share has been c.11%. In addition to returns to shareholders via dividends, the Group has remained focused on shareholder value, with £48 million returns to shareholders via a share buyback programme and purchased to satisfy share-based payment arrangements. Flexible Generation (Flexgen) Pumped Storage and Hydro Adjusted EBITDA was £47 million (H1-25: £64 million), primarily reflecting a failure of the grid connection caused by assets owned by Scottish Power Energy Networks (SPEN) at Cruachan Power Station at the end of 2025 which resulted in an unplanned outage on two of the four units. We are working with SPEN to resolve the issue, but the outage is expected to continue into 2027. Work continues on a planned investment to refurbish and upgrade units 3 and 4. This is underpinned by a 15-year Capacity Market agreement worth over £220 million in revenue. The programme is expected to continue through 2027 and will add 40MW of additional capacity and improve unit operations. Taking into account planned and unplanned outages, H1 represents a strong performance from units 1 and 2 reflecting the growing need for power generation and system support services, and the changing UK generation mix. OCGTs In May 2026, our first OCGT unit, Hirwaun Power Station, entered service, adding 299MW to the portfolio. These assets are designed to operate at times of peak demand which we expect to be focused on winter periods. However, reflecting higher temperatures and lower wind speed we saw higher demand for Hirwaun's services. In total the station operated for c.440 hours during June, providing non-generation ancillary services to the grid, as well as operating in wholesale and balancing markets. As power demand grows and the system evolves to include more intermittent renewable and inflexible (nuclear) generation we expect that the challenge of managing the system will become more pronounced and this informs our investment case for flexible generation. Our second OCGT unit is currently expected to commence commissioning in H2 2026 with the third unit in 2027. The OCGTs will provide combined capacity of c.900MW and will be remunerated under 15-year Capacity Market agreements, worth c.£260 million in revenue. This is in addition to revenues from peak power generation and system support services. Energy Solutions Adjusted EBITDA in Energy Solutions was £27 million (H1-25: £18 million). This primarily comprises power sales via our Industrial and Commercial (I&C) and renewables services business. Alongside supplying renewable energy, our I&C business is increasingly active in the provision of value-adding services. These services include asset optimisation and a route-to-market for over 2,000 embedded third-party renewable assets with capacity of c.800MW. Flexitricity Since completing the acquisition in March 2026, Flexitricity has performed in line with our expectations. Flexitricity currently uses its platform to provide route-to-market services for around c.900MW of third-party assets, primarily BESS. We expect to continue and grow these services, as well as using Flexitricity's asset optimisation capabilities to support scaling and management of our generation businesses. Pellet Production Adjusted EBITDA of £64 million was a 14% decrease on H1-25 (£74 million), which reflects a reduction in pellets produced, being a combination of the closure of the Williams Lake pellet plant in Canada and outages in the US South, which correspond to a lower level of generation output at Drax Power Station. A combination of lower output and a continued focus on reducing costs contributed to lower Adjusted EBITDA. This reflects the cost-plus transfer pricing methodology used for biomass supplied from operations in the US South to Drax Power Station. Under this established arrangement, if the Pellet Production business reduces its cost base, its sales revenues to the UK business also reduce, resulting in lower Adjusted EBITDA. The offset to this is a lower cost of biomass for Drax Power Station, which results in a higher Adjusted EBITDA for Biomass Generation and overall higher Adjusted EBITDA at the Group level. As we noted at our full year results in February 2026, we are continuing to assess options to reflect the integrated nature of these businesses in our segmental analysis and financial reporting. Our Canadian business delivered a strong performance in the first half of the year. A strategic review of this business is ongoing. Biomass Generation Adjusted EBITDA of £159 million was a decrease of 52% on H1-25 (£332 million) predominantly reflecting lower forward contracted prices compared to H1-25. Between April 2025 and March 2026 (the most recent period for which data is available), Drax Power Station generated c.6% of the UK's electricity and around 10% of its renewable power. During this period, it produced, on average, 17% of the UK's renewable power at times of peak demand and on certain days over 50%. Options to invest in growth - flexible generation The 'Future Energy Scenarios' report, published by NESO, shows a potential doubling of electricity demand over the next 25 years as electrification supports decarbonisation and economic growth. The majority of the build-out of supply to meet this demand is expected to come from intermittent renewables, with the effect that the system is becoming cleaner but more volatile, driving a growing need for dispatchable power and system support services. This creates long-term earnings opportunities for, and value from, the Group's Flexgen assets. While the demand trend is clear, it is hard to forecast from year-to-year, being dependent on weather and associated renewable activity as much as underlying commodity prices. In addition to its existing operational assets, the Group sees BESS as an important new technology for its Flexgen portfolio. Adding fast response capabilities to existing long-duration pumped storage and OCGT assets, BESS could allow the portfolio to provide a wider range of system support services to the grid. Drax is targeting a GW-scale pipeline of BESS opportunities. These comprise both physical assets and the capabilities to optimise third-party assets by providing route to market, floor, and tolling structures. In October 2025, Drax signed an agreement with Apatura to acquire three BESS projects, which, when fully commissioned, will provide capacity totalling c.260MW (c.520MWh). Apatura are being paid a fee to develop the assets for Drax and Apatura will bear the risk of construction cost. The total cost of the developments is £157 million, with commissioning currently expected from late 2027. In January 2026, Drax agreed a 10-year tolling agreement with Fidra, which gives the Group operational control and dispatch rights over 250MW (500MWh) of new BESS capacity from 2028, and in February 2026 signed a 15-year tolling agreement with Zenobē, which gives the Group operational control and dispatch rights over 200MW (800MWh) of new BESS capacity from 2028, assuming grid connections proceed as expected. In March 2026, Drax completed the acquisition of Flexitricity for £36 million, net of cash acquired, providing a scalable optimisation platform that enhances our capability to develop and expand the Group's generation portfolio and route-to-market services for third parties. In total, these developments represent commitments of c.£0.5 billion (inclusive of c.£0.3 billion of tolling agreements) from which the Group expects to deliver attractive returns. Growth in Adjusted EBITDA Reflecting BESS developments and Flexitricity, combined with the existing Flexgen assets alongside Biomass Generation and Pellet Production, the Group is now targeting an increase in Group Adjusted EBITDA from these assets in the region of £650 - 800 million in 2029, once fully operational. The nature of Flexgen and the value derived from system volatility means that in any one year Adjusted EBITDA can be higher or lower but should grow over time. This ambition for Adjusted EBITDA is before the proposed acquisition of BSIF, other Flexgen developments (including additional BESS) and the cost of development expenditure. Options to invest in growth - renewable energy In June 2026, the boards of directors of each of BSIF and Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of Drax Group plc) announced the terms of a recommended all cash acquisition by Drax Bidco of the entire issued share capital of BSIF (the Acquisition). The terms of the Acquisition value the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £561 million (including an additional 2.25 pence per share dividend), with an enterprise value of approximately £1,082 million. A BSIF shareholder vote took place on 24 July with 99% of shares voting in favour of the acquisition and the Court Meeting (in which the deal must be sanctioned by the Court) is scheduled to take place on 31 July, after which the acquisition would become effective, assuming it proceeds as expected. Drax believes the Acquisition of BSIF offers an attractive opportunity to grow its UK renewable generation business whilst being highly complementary to the Group's existing operations and Flexgen portfolio. The Acquisition offers Drax direct access into a c.0.9GW renewable portfolio, comprised of operating and under construction solar and wind assets, plus a 2.9GW (gross capacity) development pipeline. These assets can complement the Group's existing portfolio, creating a broader base of UK generation assets and associated earnings. BSIF, a publicly listed investment company which operates a portfolio of UK-based renewable energy infrastructure assets (including photovoltaic plants, wind farms and small-scale wind turbines), supports Drax's core UK generation focus and, as an acquisition, represents a compelling opportunity to add operating assets with predominantly contracted cash flows, in addition to under construction and development assets, with a focus in particular on the following key benefits: · Significant expansion of the Group's renewable generation capabilities; · Optimising Drax's generation mix, complementing Flexgen assets and biomass with solar and wind generation; · For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, BSIF generated underlying earnings of c.£95 million, EBITDA of c.£130 million and operating free cash flow of c.£118 million. BSIF will provide an opportunity to grow Drax's EBITDA from renewables, offering greater predictability and visibility of cash flows from a large operational portfolio. With an operational portfolio underpinned by long-term investment schemes and certificates, BSIF maintains a highly contracted revenue base, with 57 per cent of revenue generated from FiT, ROCs, CfDs and REGOs, and the remaining 43 per cent derived from Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) in the six months to 31 December 2025; · Combining BSIF's portfolio with Drax's existing flexible generation assets, alongside Drax's marketing and trading capabilities, will create a broader renewables platform. This could enable Drax to improve revenues from renewable certificate trading, improve routes to market, and make better use of the Group's trading platform. It could also allow the combined portfolio to be dispatched more efficiently on a 24/7 basis, driving optimisation and market access cost savings; · Provides a significant development opportunity, allowing Drax to increase the scale of solar and BESS capacity. As at 31 December 2025, 545MW of BSIF's solar development portfolio is underpinned by long-term 15-to-20 year CfD contracts, secured in Allocation Rounds 4, 5, 6 and 7; · Offering the potential to unlock significant synergies across the Group's trading, operations and energy sales activities in addition to potential cost savings associated with listing costs and lower trading costs by utilising Drax's existing route-to-market platforms and trading operations; and · Accelerating Drax's contribution to the UK's national climate targets and ambitions for a clean power system and net zero objectives. Drax expects that return on invested capital from the Acquisition will significantly exceed the Group's target weighted average cost of capital. Options to invest in growth - Drax Power Station The Drax Power Station site comprises over 1,000 acres and 4GW of grid connection capacity, with 2.6GW of active dispatchable generation, cooling systems, and proximity to the UK fibre network. We are developing options to create long-term value from the entire 4GW site. In the short-term, Drax is preparing a planning application to support the option for a first phase data centre of c.100MW on land identified at the site, which would use power directly from the grid (front-of-the-meter), subject to the necessary consents and agreements. In the medium-term Drax aims to develop an option for 500MW of data centre capacity between 2027 and 2031, with an ambition to increase this in the long-term. These phases could utilise existing generation and infrastructure at Drax Power Station to provide a distributed (behind-the-meter) energy solution with around-the-clock renewable power supplied directly to a data centre under long-term PPAs, subject to necessary consents and agreements with the UK Government. Any decision to develop data centres at Drax Power Station will require a full assessment of the capital cost and investment case, as well as establishing the commercial and development structures. The Group is also actively evaluating options to utilise inactive legacy units to provide system support services. For example, using power from the grid to rotate and synchronise these units and using their physical mass to provide inertia, thereby helping to stabilise the system. In the long-term the Group is also exploring opportunities to utilise 1.4GW of non-biomass grid access for new generation. UK politics With a change in leadership of the UK Government the Group is continuing to monitor developments. We look forward to working with the new administration to enable investment across the UK, including the north, and support sustained economic growth and job creation. Governance In June 2026, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) closed its investigation covering the period January 2022 to March 2024 relating to certain historical statements regarding Drax's biomass sourcing and the compliance of Drax's 2021, 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports with the Listing Rules and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The FCA confirmed the closure of the investigation on 18 June 2026 with no action taken. The FCA confirmed that it has no concerns warranting further investigation. Sustainability Following the introduction of a Group-wide Sustainability Framework, we have continued to progress delivery against clear milestones across climate, nature and people initiatives, including the launch of a Biomass Tracker tool to enhance transparency around biomass, validated SBTi targets for 2040 and progressed a Group water strategy. We also published the Drax Foundation Social Impact Report, supporting our commitment to creating positive outcomes for local communities. Following a CDP double A rating in January, in March MSCI upgraded Drax's from A to AA, reflecting improved performance in environmental disclosures, climate transition planning and implementation of a Group-wide Sustainability Framework . Outlook In the first half of 2026 we continued to play our role in supporting energy security in the UK and are positioning the Group to do more through the development of our strategy for flexible and renewable generation. We have committed c.£0.5 billion to new BESS capacity which will enter service from late 2027 onwards, supporting an upgraded target for Group Adjusted EBITDA of £650-800 million in 2029, once fully operational and excluding development expenditure. In addition, our proposed acquisition of BSIF could add 0.9GW of solar and onshore wind, complementing our existing Flexgen portfolio operationally and financially, providing more certain revenues alongside the potentially higher but less predictable revenues from our Flexgen portfolio. The benefit of BSIF is not included in our revised targets for Adjusted EBITDA. In aggregate, between BESS and BSIF, we have potential commitments of c.£1.6 billion. We believe this represents significant progress in the delivery of our strategy for growth, taken together with our existing OCGT developments would increase the Group's generation capacity by c.85%. In addition, we are continuing to develop a pipeline of further opportunities. Through a disciplined approach to capital allocation, we expect to create opportunities for investment in growth and value creation, underpinned by strong cash generation and attractive returns for shareholders. As we progress our plans we will continue to apply our capital allocation policy with a focus on balance sheet strength, investment in the core business, and a sustainable and growing dividend. To the extent there are residual cash flows beyond the current needs of the Group, we will also consider additional returns to shareholders. Will Gardiner CEO 29 July 2026 CFO's financial review Six months ended 30 June 2026 2025 Financial performance (£m) Total gross profit 650 754 Operating expenses (286) (320) Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of non-current assets (101) (136) Other 2 3 Total operating profit 265 301 Exceptional items and certain remeasurements (86) 21 Adjusted operating profit 179 322 Adjusted depreciation, amortisation and similar charges and share of associates 100 138 Adjusted EBITDA 279 460 Capital expenditure (£m) Capital expenditure 85 59 Cash and Net debt (£m unless otherwise stated) Cash generated from operations 79 378 Net debt 1,025 1,062 Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA (1) (times) 1.3 1.1 Cash and committed facilities 630 726 Earnings (pence per share) Adjusted basic 29.8 65.6 Total basic 49.4 61.2 Distributions (pence per share) Interim dividend 12.9 11.6 Expected full year dividend 32.2 29.0 Throughout this document we distinguish between Adjusted measures and Total measures, which are calculated in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). We calculate Adjusted financial performance measures, which exclude income statement volatility from derivative financial instruments and the impact of exceptional items. This allows management and stakeholders to better compare the performance of the Group between the current and previous period without the effects of this volatility and one-off or non-operational items. Adjusted financial performance measures are described in more detail in the APMs glossary, with a reconciliation to their closest IFRS equivalents in note 6. Tables in this financial review may not add down or across due to rounding. (1) Adjusted EBITDA calculated on a last twelve months (LTM) basis. Introduction Adjusted EBITDA of £279 million represents a good operational performance across all segments of our business, despite some headwinds. The expected decrease compared to £460 million in H1-25 primarily reflects reduced achieved power prices at Drax Power Station. During the period, we generated cash from operations of £79 million, a decrease on H1 2025 (£378 million) driven by lower Adjusted EBITDA and higher working capital outflows. Our Net debt: last twelve months Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.3 times (H1-25: 1.1 times), which does not include the impact of the proposed BSIF acquisition, remains significantly below our long-term target of around 2 times. Financial performance Adjusted EBITDA by business Flexible Generation & Energy Solutions (Flexgen) Adjusted EBITDA in our Pumped Storage and Hydro business of £47 million reduced compared to H1-25 (£64 million), reflecting the ongoing forced outage of units 3 and 4 at Cruachan, partially offset by units 1 and 2 performing well. Adjusted EBITDA in Energy Solutions of £27 million (H1-25: £18 million) primarily reflects a reduction in losses in the SME business post-divestment. I&C and renewables services earnings reflect a broadly consistent margin on contracted power prices. Performance of the first OCGT since commencing operation in late May 2026 was strong and Flexitricity was in line with expectations for the period of ownership. Pellet Production Adjusted EBITDA was £64 million (H1-25: £74 million), because of lower output and sales prices on internal sales because of continued cost reductions in the US (Southern Pellets) business leading to a reduction in transfer pricing. The Canadian (Northern Pellets) business has performed well in H1 2026. Key operational metrics are as follows: Mt Six months ended 30 June 2026 £m 2025 £m Pellets produced 1.9 2.1 Pellets shipped 2.3 2.5 Pellets shipped to Drax Power Station 1.5 1.5 Pellets acquired from third parties 0.4 0.4 Biomass Generation Adjusted EBITDA from Biomass Generation was £159 million (H1-25: £332 million), primarily reflecting a reduction in achieved power prices, along with a planned outage on one of the units (H1 2025: no outage). Drax Power Station produced 7.0TWh (H1 2025: 7.1TWh) of electricity, providing significant volumes of dispatchable, renewable generation. Drax Power Station is now fully hedged to the end of Q1 2027, with a new low-carbon dispatchable CfD contract covering the station to commence from April 2027. Options for Growth (Innovation, Capital Projects, and Other) Development expenditure in H1-26 totalled £20 million (H1-25: £33 million), reflecting lower spend on large development projects, in line with the anticipated cost savings communicated at the 2025 full year results. Within Other, intra-group eliminations moved to a charge of £1 million in H1-26 from a credit of £7 million in H1-25, because of a change in the volume of intercompany pellets in transit. Cost management The first half of 2026 has seen progress made against the cost reduction targets set out at full year results 2025. The full impact of reorganisation initiatives will not be achieved until 2027, and we are making progress with third party costs. Total operating profit Total operating profit of £265 million compared to £301 million in H1-5. In addition to the factors discussed above, exceptional items and certain remeasurements also moved from a charge of £21 million in H1-25 to a credit of £86 million in H1-26. This was attributable to movements in commodity prices. The Exceptional items in operating expenses in H1-26 relate to restructuring and transformation costs. Further information on Exceptional items and certain remeasurements can be found in note 6 (Alternative performance measures). Depreciation, amortisation and impairments of £101 million is significantly below H1-25 (£136 million), driven by a reduction in Northern Pellets. The Pellets business recognised one-off impairments and related costs of £14 million during H1-25 (and £198 million for the full year), which were both not repeated in, and resulted in lower ongoing depreciation and amortisation charges for, H1-26. Profit after tax and Earnings per share Total net finance and foreign exchange costs for H1-26 were £43 million, an increase from H1-25 (£21 million). Of the difference £29 million is attributable to foreign exchange movements, partially offset by reductions in interest payable and receivable. At 30 June 2026 the weighted average interest rate payable on the Group's borrowings was 5.9% (31 December 2025: 5.4%). The effective tax rate for H1-26 is 24.5% (H1 2025: 21.4%). The effective tax rate is below the headline corporation tax rate in the UK of 25% primarily because of benefits from Patent Box. Adjusted basic EPS was 29.8 pence (H1-25: 65.6 pence) and Total basic EPS was 49.4 pence (H1-25: 61.2 pence). The average number of shares used in deriving these calculations was 337.5 million (H1-25: 360.7 million). The number of outstanding shares at 30 June 2026 was 336.6 million, a 4% reduction on 30 June 2025 (351.0 million), reflecting share buyback activity. Capital allocation Our capital allocation policy remains focused on balance sheet strength, investment in the core business, a sustainable and growing dividend and, to the extent there are residual cash flows beyond the current needs of the Group, additional returns to shareholders. Maintain strong balance sheet and credit rating During the first half of 2026 the Group extended the maturity of the undrawn £450 million RCF and term-loans totalling €135 million from 2028 to 2029 and the Group's Issuer Credit Ratings were reaffirmed as 'BB+' by Fitch and S&P and as 'BBB (Low)' by DBRS, with a Stable Outlook in each case. These ratings have been reiterated inclusive of the proposed BSIF transaction. Invest in core business - capital expenditure Capital expenditure of £85 million (H1-25: £59 million) consists of £46 million of growth expenditure, £29 million of maintenance, and £10 million of other (including Health, Safety and Environment and Information Technology). Of the £46 million growth expenditure, £12 million related to the OCGTs (H1-25: £5 million), the first of which commissioned and is operating well. £18 million was on BESS assets (H1-25: £nil) and £8 million on Cruachan units 3 and 4 (H1-25: £7 million). Flexitricity was acquired in H1 2026 for £36 million (net of cash acquired). Sustainable and growing dividend The Board expects to propose a dividend for the 2026 financial year of 32.2 pence per ordinary share, an 11% increase on 2025, consistent with our policy to pay a dividend which is sustainable and expected to grow. As has been our practice, 40% of the expected full year dividend, or 12.9 pence per ordinary share will be paid as an interim dividend. The interim dividend will be paid on 23 October 2026 with a record date of 25 September 2026 and an ex-dividend date of 24 September 2026 (ISIN: GB00B1VNSX38, TIDM: DRX). Return surplus capital beyond current investment requirements In July 2025, we announced a £450 million share buyback programme, which at 30 June 2026 was £75 million complete, £41 million of which was in H1-26. The programme has been paused whilst we assess the balance sheet impacts of the proposed BSIF acquisition. An update will be provided in due course. In addition, the Group purchased £7 million of Drax shares which can be used to meet the vesting of long-term incentive schemes. Cash and Net debt Net cash movements Cash generated from operations, inclusive of changes in working capital, was £79 million (H1-25: £378 million). The net working capital outflow of £175 million was higher than H1-25 (£102 million). The outflow predominantly reflects a build-up of ROC assets in the first half of the year, which reverses in the second half as the previous year's ROCs are settled. Liquidity 30 June 2026 £m 31 December 2025 £m Cash and cash equivalents 180 302 RCF available but not utilised 450 450 Undrawn term loan - 190 Cash and committed facilities 630 942 Cash and committed facilities at 30 June 2026 provided substantial headroom over our short-term liquidity requirements. No cash has been drawn under our revolving credit facilities (RCFs) since 2018. A bridging facility of £1,083 million has been agreed to complete the proposed acquisition of BSIF, which can be drawn upon completion to pay shareholders and repay debt as required. Net debt and Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA 30 June 2026 £m 31 December 2025 £m Cash and cash equivalents 180 302 Current borrowings (141) (61) Non-current borrowings (966) (918) Impact of hedging instruments and NCI (8) (8) Lease liabilities (90) (99) Net debt (1,025) (784) LTM Adjusted EBITDA 765 947 Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA 1.3 0.8 Going concern The Group's financial performance in H1-26 was good. Cash and committed facilities at 30 June 2026 provided substantial headroom over our short-term liquidity requirements. The Group refreshes its business plan and forecasts throughout the year, including scenario modelling designed to test the resilience of the Group's financial position and performance to several possible downside cases, both excluding and including the proposed acquisition of BSIF. Based on its review of the latest forecast, the Board is satisfied that the Group has sufficient headroom in its cash and committed facilities and covenants headroom, combined with available mitigating actions, to be able to meet its liabilities as they fall due across a range of scenarios. Consequently, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group will continue in existence for a period of at least twelve months from the date of the approval of the interim financial statements and have therefore adopted the going concern basis. Frank Lemmink CFO 29 July 2026 Principal risks and uncertainties A number of potential risks and uncertainties exist which could have a material impact on the Group's performance over the second half of the financial year and could cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. The Group has processes in place for identifying, evaluating and managing the key risks which could have an impact upon the Group's performance. The current risks, together with a description of how they relate to the Group's strategy and the approach to managing them, are set out on pages 41-48 of the 2025 Annual report and accounts which is available on the Group's website. The Group has conducted a review and concluded that these risks, as defined in the 2025 Annual report, will continue to remain relevant for the second half of the financial year and that our assessment of the severity of these risks on both a gross and a net basis is unchanged. The potential impact of these risks on our strategy and financial performance, together with details of our specific mitigation actions, are set out in the 2025 Annual report. A summary of the Group's nine Principal Risks is set out below: · Strategy - The risk that the Group's strategic aims are materially undermined, thereby preventing the Group from delivering its stated outcomes and fulfilling its purpose. · Health, Safety and Environment - The risk of detrimental impact to the health and safety of our employees and contractors, or negative impact on the environment as a result of our operations. · Biomass Acceptability - The Group's exposure to unfavourable changes to biomass-specific Government policy or regulation which could be caused by high-profile campaigning by groups opposed to the use of biomass, or non-compliance by parts of the Group's activities with existing or new regulations or standards which could cause reputational damage to the Group. · Trading and Commodity - The risk of negative impact on the Group's financial performance due to the business's exposure to volatility in commodity and foreign exchange markets. · People - The Group is not able to secure a workforce with the right skills and experience to operate the current business while delivering growth plans and strategic objectives. · Climate Change - The potential for either physical or transitional climate-related risks, such as extreme weather or new regulation, to negatively impact on the current operations or the long-term value creation of the Group. · Plant Operations - The risk we are unable to ensure the reliability or safe operation of our facilities which could result in us being unable to fulfil our contracted obligations or achieve our strategic aims. · Information Systems and Security - The risk of interruption to business operations whether caused by an internal error or external attack, or the inability to facilitate the delivery of our growth strategy with the necessary Information Technology (IT) and Operational Technology (OT) systems. · Political and Regulatory - The risk of changes to external policy and regulation that impact our current operations, the ability to achieve our strategy and legal/regulatory compliance. We continue to monitor political developments, including changes in UK government leadership, to evaluate their potential impact on the risks and opportunities facing the Group. These risks are subject to oversight from the Executive Committee and formal governance in line with the Group's Risk Management Policy and Framework. We continue to review the effectiveness of existing controls over those risks and to identify further actions where appropriate in order to manage our net exposure. Directors' Responsibility Statement We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: a) The Condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting"; b) The interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.7R (indication of important events during the first six months and description of principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year); and c) The interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.8R (disclosure of related party transactions and changes therein). By order of the Board Will Gardiner CEO 29 July 2026 Condensed consolidated interim financial statements Introduction The Condensed consolidated interim financial statements provide information about the financial performance (Condensed consolidated income statement and Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income), financial position (Condensed consolidated balance sheet), reserves (Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity), and cash flows (Condensed consolidated cash flow statement) of Drax Group plc (the Company) together with all the entities controlled by the Company (collectively, the Group). The notes to the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements provide additional information on certain items in the Condensed consolidated income statement, Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, Condensed consolidated balance sheet, Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity, and Condensed consolidated cash flow statement. In general, the additional information in the notes to the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements is either required by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), other regulations or has been included to facilitate increased understanding of the Condensed consolidated primary statements. Basis of preparation The Condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared using accounting policies consistent with the United Kingdom adopted International Accounting Standards in accordance with UK adopted IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting' and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority. The information provided in this report in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 does not constitute statutory accounts as defined in Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006 but is derived from those accounts. A copy of the statutory accounts for that year has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies. The Independent Auditors' report on those accounts was not qualified, did not draw attention to any matters by way of emphasis and did not contain statements under Section 498(2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006. The Condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis and on the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities that have been measured at fair value, principally derivative financial instruments, and the assets and liabilities of the Group's defined benefit pension scheme, measured at fair value and using the projected unit credit method respectively. The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements are consistent with those followed in the preparation of the Group's 2025 Annual report and accounts, except for the adoption of new standards, interpretations and amendments effective as of 1 January 2026. The adoption of new standards, interpretations and amendments in the current period has not had any material impact. The Group has not early-adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but was not effective at 30 June 2026. A full listing of new standards, amendments, and pronouncements under IFRS applicable to these Condensed consolidated interim financial statements is presented in note 14. Going concern In assessing going concern the Directors have considered the period up to July 2027 , which reflects a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements. The Group's business activities, along with future developments that may affect its financial performance, financial position and cash flows and current market conditions, are discussed in the CEO's review, financial performance is considered in the CFO's financial review. The going concern assessment primarily focuses on cash flow forecasts, available liquidity and continued compliance with banking covenants over the period being assessed. The cash flow forecasts used to assess going concern are modelled for the impact of severe but plausible scenarios both excluding and including the proposed acquisition of BSIF . At 30 June 2026, the Group had cash and committed facilities of £629.6 million (see note 6) and borrowings of £1,106.8 million (see note 7). Based on the assessment performed, the Group is expected to have continued significant liquidity headroom and strong financial covenant headroom. The Directors have therefore concluded that they have a reasonable expectation that the Group will continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period of at least 12 months from the date these Condensed consolidated interim financial statements were authorised for issue and have therefore adopted the going concern basis of preparation. The Condensed consolidated interim financial statements were approved by the Board on 29 July 2026. Judgements and estimates The preparation of financial statements requires judgement to be applied in forming the Group's accounting policies. It also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenditure. Actual results may subsequently differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis, with revisions recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. Judgements are also reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain appropriate, factoring in any changes or new information. As part of these reviews, the Group considers whether there are any new critical accounting judgements or key sources of estimation uncertainty, and whether the previously disclosed critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty are still appropriate to be disclosed as such. These reviews have concluded that the critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty applicable to the preparation of the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements are the same as those described on pages 132-134 of the Group's 2025 Annual report and accounts. In each case, judgements have been applied consistently and estimates have been made using a consistent methodology, with inputs and assumptions updated as appropriate to reflect the Group's latest forecasts and prevailing market conditions at the reporting date. Comparative information The Group provides comparative financial information in these Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and as at 31 December 2025. Where included within text, Condensed consolidated income statement comparatives refer to the six months ended 30 June 2025 and Condensed consolidated balance sheet comparatives are as at 31 December 2025, unless otherwise stated. Alternative performance measures The Group uses alternative performance measures (APMs) throughout the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements that are not defined within IFRS but provide additional information about the Group's financial performance and position that is used by the Board to evaluate the Group's financial performance. These measures have been defined internally and may therefore not be comparable to similar APMs presented by other companies. Additionally, certain information presented is derived from amounts calculated in accordance with IFRS but is not itself a measure defined by IFRS. Such measures should not be viewed in isolation or as an alternative to the equivalent IFRS measure. Defined below are the key APMs used by the Board to assess financial performance. Other APMs include Adjusted diluted earnings per share (Adjusted diluted EPS), cash and committed facilities, and capital expenditure. The APMs and their definitions are consistent with those presented as at 31 December 2025. See the APMs glossary table in note 6 for full details of all APMs used, including the APM's closest IFRS equivalent, the reason why the APM is used by the Group and a definition of how each APM is calculated. See note 6 for further details and calculations of the Group's APMs. Adjusted results The Group's financial performance for the period, measured in accordance with IFRS, is shown in the Total results column on the face of the Condensed consolidated income statement. Exceptional items and certain remeasurements are deducted from the Total results in arriving at the Adjusted results for the period. The Group's Adjusted results are consistent with the way the Board assesses the performance of the Group. Adjusted results are intended to reflect the underlying trading performance of the Group and are presented to assist users of the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements in evaluating the Group's trading performance and progress against strategic objectives. Exceptional items and certain remeasurements Exceptional items are those transactions that, by their nature, do not reflect the trading performance of the Group in the period. For a transaction to be considered exceptional, management considers the nature of the transaction, the frequency of similar events, any related precedent, and commercial context. The application guidance for this policy includes de minimis thresholds for classifying items as exceptional. Presentation of a transaction as exceptional is approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with an agreed policy. The policy is reviewed by the Audit Committee biennially, with the last review taking place during April 2025. This review did not result in any changes to the policy. Certain remeasurements comprise fair value gains or losses on derivative contracts to the extent that those contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting, or hedge accounting is not effective. Under IFRS, these are recorded in revenue, cost of sales, interest payable and similar charges or foreign exchange gains or losses. The Group's forward contracting activity is for the purpose of economic hedging and, therefore, the contracted price at delivery or maturity is relevant to the Group and its performance, rather than how the contracted price compares to the prevailing market price at each reporting date or on maturity, as the Group is not seeking to make trading profits on these contracts through market price movements. The impact of excluding these fair value remeasurements from Adjusted results is to reflect commodity sales and purchases at contracted prices (the price paid or received in respect of delivery of the commodity in question) in Adjusted results in the period the transaction takes place, and also take into account the impact of associated financial derivative contracts (such as forward foreign currency purchases) in Adjusted results on maturity, being the period these contracts are intending to economically hedge. Further in formation on exceptional items and certain remeasurements in the current and comparative periods is included in note 6. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is a primary measure used by the Board to assess the financial performance of the Group as it provides a more comparable assessment of the Group's trading performance year-on-year. It is also a key metric used by the investor community to assess the performance of the Group's operations. The Group defines Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, other gains or losses and impairment of non-current assets, excluding the impact of exceptional items and certain remeasurements (defined above). Adjusted EBITDA excludes any earnings from associates and Adjusted EBITDA directly attributable to non-controlling interests. Adjusted basic earnings per share Adjusted basic earnings per share (Adjusted basic EPS) is Adjusted profit attributable to the owners of the parent company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Repurchased shares held in the treasury shares reserve are not included in the weighted average calculation of shares. This is the same denominator used when calculating Total basic earnings per share (Total basic EPS). This metric is used in discussions with the investor community. Borrowings Borrowings includes external financial debt, such as loan notes, term loans and amounts drawn in cash under RCFs (see note 7). Borrowings does not include other financial liabilities such as pension obligations, trade and other payables, and working capital facilities linked directly to specific payables (such as credit cards and deferred letters of credit) that provide a short extension of payment terms of less than 12 months (see note 8). The Group does not include balances related to supply chain financing in borrowings (and therefore Net debt), as there are no changes to the Group's payment terms under this arrangement, nor would there be if the arrangement was to cease. Net debt The Group defines Net debt as borrowings (see note 7) and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. Borrowings denominated in foreign currencies, where the Group ha s entered into hedging arrangements associated with this currency exposure, are translated at the hedged rate for the purposes of calculating Net debt. Net debt excludes the share of borrowings, lease liabilities and cash and cash equivalents attributable to non-controlling interests. See note 6 for further details on the Group's definition of Net debt. Net debt is a key metric used by debt rating agencies and the investor community, often in conjunction with other financial measures (e.g. Adjusted EBITDA), to measure a company's ability to repay its debt or assess its leverage against peers or relevant benchmarks. Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio This metric is the ratio of Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA on a last twelve months (LTM) basis, expressed as a multiple. The Group has a long-term target for Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA of around 2.0 times. The Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio gives an indication of the size of the Group's Net debt in relation to its trading performance and is a key metric used by debt rating agencies and the investor community to assess the performance of the Group's operations. Condensed consolidated income statement Six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited) Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited) Notes Adjusted results ( 1) £m Exceptional items and certain remeasure- ments £m Total results £m Adjusted results ( 1) £m Exceptional items and certain remeasure- ments £m Total results £m Revenue 3 2,428.0 53.2 2,481.2 2,601.1 45.9 2,647.0 Cost of sales (1,875.7) 44.9 (1,830.8) (1,827.8 ) (65.2) (1,893.0 ) Gross profit 552.3 98.1 650.4 773.3 (19.3) 754.0 Operating and administrative expenses (277.5 ) (13.0 ) (290.5 ) (309.7 ) (3.4) (313.1 ) Impairment of financial assets 5.0 - 5.0 (2.7 ) (4.2) (6.9 ) Depreciation (95.3 ) - (95.3 ) (114.4) - (114.4) Amortisation (4.3 ) - (4.3 ) (7.2) - (7.2) Impairment of non-current assets (1.5) - (1.5) (14.4) - (14.4) Other gains/(losses) 1.2 0.6 1.8 (2.1) 6.0 3.9 Share of losses from associates (0.6 ) - (0.6) (0.7) - (0.7) Operating profit 179.3 85.7 265.0 322.1 (20.9) 301.2 Foreign exchange (losses)/gains 4 (18.5) 2.0 (16.5) 12.0 - 12.0 Interest payable and similar charges 4 (35.1 ) - (35.1 ) (42.3) - (42.3) Interest receivable and similar gains 4 8.2 0.7 8.9 9.8 - 9.8 Profit before tax 133.9 88.4 222.3 301.6 (20.9) 280.7 Total tax (charge)/credit 5 (32.6 ) (21.9) (54.5) (65.2) 5.2 (60.0) Profit for the period 101.3 66.5 167.8 236.4 (15.7) 220.7 Attributable to: Owners of the parent company 100.3 66.5 166.8 236.5 (15.7) 220.8 Non-controlling interests 1.0 - 1.0 (0.1) - (0.1) Earnings per share Pence Pence Pence Pence For net profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company Basic earnings per share 29.8 49.4 65.6 61.2 Diluted earnings per share 29.1 48.3 64.3 60.0 (1) Adjusted results are stated after adjusting for exceptional items and certain remeasurements. See note 6 for further details. Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income Six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited) £m 2025 (Unaudited) £m Profit for the period 167.8 220.7 Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss: Remeasurement of defined benefit pension surplus 12.0 4.8 Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit pension surplus (3.0) (1.2) Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss: Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations attributable to owners of the parent company 9.8 (85.6) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations attributable to non-controlling interests - (0.3) Net fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (7.8) (10.2) Net fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income reclassified to profit or loss 7.8 10.2 Net fair value losses on cost of hedging (10.5) (8.4) Deferred tax on cost of hedging 2.6 2.1 Net fair value (losses)/gains on cash flow hedges (127.0) 31.5 Net losses/(gains) on cash flow hedges reclassified to profit or loss 67.0 (90.3) Deferred tax on cash flow hedges 15.0 14.7 Other comprehensive expense for the period, net of tax (34.1) (132.7) Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders 133.7 88.0 Attributable to: Owners of the parent company 132.7 88.4 Non-controlling interests 1.0 (0.4) Condensed consolidated balance sheet As at 30 June As at 31 December Notes 2026 (Unaudited) £m 2025 (Audited) £m Assets Non - current assets Goodwill 398.6 396.2 Intangible assets 82.0 42.7 Property, plant and equipment 2,437.3 2,427.2 Right-of-use assets 62.3 69.6 Retirement benefit surplus 35.7 23.8 Deferred tax assets 37.0 37.0 Derivative financial instruments 11 36.0 24.4 3,088.9 3,020.9 Current assets Inventories 267.7 223.8 Renewable certificate assets 832.5 542.1 Trade and other receivables and contract assets 318.0 337.8 Derivative financial instruments 11 59.7 68.6 Current tax assets 14.3 0.1 Cash and cash equivalents 179.6 302.1 1,671.8 1,474.5 Liabilities Current liabilities Trade and other payables and contract liabilities (1,249.4) (1,090.9) Lease liabilities (23.9) (28.2) Borrowings 7 (140.7) (61.3) Provisions (16.5) (17.6) Derivative financial instruments 11 (133.4) (174.2) (1,563.9) (1,372.2) Net current assets 107.9 102.3 Non - current liabilities Borrowings 7 (966.1) (917.7) Lease liabilities (66.1) (70.4) Provisions (80.6) (85.0) Deferred tax liabilities (290.0) (261.3) Derivative financial instruments 11 (53.6) (75.6) (1,456.4) (1,410.0) Net assets 1,740.4 1,713.2 Shareholders' equity Issued equity 9 50.0 49.9 Share premium 450.7 448.5 Hedge reserve (89.1) (63.1) Cost of hedging reserve (17.2) (12.8) Other reserves 149.0 179.8 Retained profits 1,196.5 1,110.9 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent company 1,739.9 1,713.2 Non-controlling interests 0.5 - Total shareholders' equity 1,740.4 1,713.2 Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity Issued equity £m Share premium £m Hedge reserve £m Cost of hedging reserve £m Other reserves (1) £m Retained profits £m Non-controlling interests £m Total £m Six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited) At 1 January 2026 49.9 448.5 (63.1) (12.8) 179.8 1,110.9 - 1,713.2 Profit for the period - - - - - 166.8 1.0 167.8 Other comprehensive (expense)/income - - (45.0) (7.9) 9.8 9.0 - (34.1) Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the period - - (45.0) (7.9) 9.8 175.8 1.0 133.7 Equity dividends paid - - - - - (58.2) - (58.2) Issue of share capital 0.1 2.2 - - - - - 2.3 Movement in equity associated with forward contracts to purchase own shares to satisfy share-based payment arrangements - - - - ( 7.3) (30.2) - ( 37.5) Own shares utilised to satisfy share-based payment arrangements - - - - 7.8 (7.8) - - Distributions to non-controlling interests - - - - - - (0.5) (0.5) Repurchase of own shares through share buyback programmes - - - - (41.1 ) - - (41.1) Total transactions with owners in their capacity as owner 0.1 2.2 - - (40.6) (96.2) (0.5) (135.0) Movements on cash flow hedges released directly from equity - - 25.4 - - - - 25.4 Deferred tax on cash flow hedges released directly from equity - - (6.4) - - - - (6.4) Movements on cost of hedging released directly from equity - - - 4.6 - - - 4.6 Deferred tax on cost of hedging released directly from equity - - - (1.1) - - - (1.1) Equity-settled share-based payments charge - - - - - 6.0 - 6.0 At 30 June 2026 50.0 450.7 (89.1) (17.2) 149.0 1,196.5 0.5 1,740.4 Issued equity £m Share premium £m Hedge reserve £m Cost of hedging reserve £m Other reserves (1) £m Retained profits £m Non-controlling interests £m Total £m Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited) At 1 January 2025 49.4 443.8 (7.9) 6.9 467.0 1,118.1 9.8 2,087.1 Profit/(loss) for the period - - - - - 220.8 (0.1) 220.7 Other comprehensive (expense)/income - - (44.1) (6.3) (85.6) 3.6 (0.3) (132.7) Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the period - - (44.1) (6.3) (85.6) 224.4 (0.4) 88.0 Equity dividends paid - - - - - (55.7) - (55.7) Issue of share capital 0.4 3.4 - - - - - 3.8 Distributions to non-controlling interests - - - - - - (0.7) (0.7) Acquisition of non-controlling interests without a change in control - - - - - 2.9 (3.6) (0.7) Repurchase of own shares - - - - (140.5) (4.3) - (144.8) Total transactions with owners in their capacity as owner 0.4 3.4 - - (140.5) (57.1) (4.3) (198.1) Movements on cash flow hedges released directly from equity - - 17.4 - - - - 17.4 Deferred tax on cash flow hedges released directly from equity - - (4.4) - - - - (4.4) Movements on cost of hedging released directly from equity - - - (4.1) - - - (4.1) Deferred tax on cost of hedging released directly from equity - - - 1.0 - - - 1.0 Movements in equity associated with share - based payments - - - - 0.6 6.4 - 7.0 At 30 June 2025 49.8 447.2 (39.0) (2.5) 241.5 1,291.8 5.1 1,993.9 (2) Other comprehensive income/(expense) in respect of other reserves relates wholly to movements in the translation reserve. All other movements in respect of other reserves relate to the own shares reserve. Condensed consolidated cash flow statement Six months ended 30 June Notes 2026 (Unaudited) £m 2025 (Unaudited) £m Cash generated from operations 8 79.4 377.5 Income taxes paid (33.5) (48.9 ) Interest paid (47.4) (5 0.8 ) Interest received 7.5 9.1 Net cash generated from operating activities 6.0 2 86.9 Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment (97.2) (1 39.5 ) Purchases of intangible assets (8.1) (4.3 ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 9.7 2.0 Distributions to associates (0.6) (0.4 ) Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired (36.3) - Net cash used in investing activities (132.5) (14 2.2 ) Cash flows from financing activities Equity dividends paid (58.2) (55.7 ) Distributions to non-controlling interests (0.5) (0.7) Proceeds from issue of share capital 2.3 3.5 Repurchase of own shares through share buyback schemes 9 (41.1) (14 0.5 ) Repurchase of own shares through forward contracts to satisfy share-based payment arrangements (7.3) - Drawdown of borrowings 7 190.0 - Repayment of borrowings 7 (61.5) - Gross receipt of financing derivatives 60.6 - Gross payment of financing derivatives (66.8) - Payment of principal of lease liabilities (13.4) (13.6 ) Other financing costs paid (0.7) - Net cash generated/(absorbed) by financing activities 3.4 (207.0 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (123.1) (62.3 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 302.1 356.0 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates 0.6 (17.7) Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 179.6 276.0 Notes to the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements 1. General information These notes provide additional information about the disclosures within the Condensed consolidated interim financial statements. Further information can be found in the Group's 2025 Annual report and accounts on pages 140-242. Drax Group plc (the Company) is a public company, limited by shares, incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006 and registered in England and Wales. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) have four principal activities as outlined in note 2. The Group's activities are principally based within the UK, US and Canada. The address of the Company's registered office and principal establishment is Drax Power Station, Selby, North Yorkshire, YO8 8PH, United Kingdom. 2. Segmental reporting Reportable segments are presented in a manner consistent with internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker, which is considered to be the Executive Committee. The Group is organised into four businesses. The Executive Committee reviews the performance of each of these businesses separately, and each represents a reportable segment: - Pellet Production: production and subsequent sale of biomass pellets from the Group's processing facilities in North America - Biomass Generation: generation and sale of electricity from biomass assets in the UK - Flexible Generation: generation and sale of electricity from pumped storage, run-of-river hydro and OCGT assets, optimisation services to energy partners from Flexitricity, and the processing and sale of waste-derived pellets, in the UK - Energy Solutions: supply of electricity to non-domestic customers in the UK Operating costs that can be reasonably allocated to the activities of a reportable segment are included within the results of that reportable segment. Central corporate and commercial functions provid

[truncated]