BETA Close X Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited (BSIF) announces the cancellation of its shares' listing on the Official List and trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, effective from 8:00 a.m. today, following the scheme becoming effective. This action is part of the recommended cash acquisition of BSIF by Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited, a subsidiary of Drax Group plc. Disclaimer* Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited 03 August 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 3 August 2026 RECOMMENDED CASH ACQUISITION of Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited ("BSIF") by Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited ("Drax Bidco") (a wholly-owned subsidiary undertaking of Drax Group plc ("Drax")) to be effected by means of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008 (as amended) CANCELLATION OF ADMISSION TO TRADING OF BSIF SHARES Further to the announcement made by BSIF on 31 July 2026 that the Scheme had become Effective in accordance with its terms, BSIF today announces that, following applications by BSIF to the FCA and the London Stock Exchange, the FCA has cancelled the listing of BSIF Shares on the Official List and the London Stock Exchange has cancelled trading in BSIF Shares on the Main Market, with effect from 8.00 a.m. today. This announcement should be read in conjunction with the full text of the scheme document in relation to the Scheme which was published on 29 June 2026 (the " Scheme Document "). Capitalised terms used and not defined in this announcement have the meanings given to them in the Scheme Document. All references to times in this announcement are to times in London unless otherwise stated. Enquiries : BSIF To be contacted via Deutsche Numis Deutsche Numis +44 (0) 20 7545 8000 (Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to BSIF) Hugh Jonathan / Matt Goss Rothschild & Co +44 (0) 20 7280 5000 (Joint Financial Adviser to BSIF) Emmet Walsh / Jack Vellacott Ocorian +44 (0) 1481 742 742 (Company Secretary and Administrator to BSIF) Chezi Hanford Burson Buchanan +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 (PR Adviser to BSIF) Henry Harrison-Topham / Henry Wilson www.bursonbuchanan.com BSIF@buchanan.uk.com Drax and Drax Bidco Enquiries: Investor Relations: Mark Strafford mark.strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Chris Simpson Chris.Simpson@drax.com +44 (0) 7923 257 815 Media: Drax External Communications: Chris Mostyn Chris.Mostyn@drax.com Andy Low andrew.low@drax.com +44 (0) 7743 963 483 +44 (0) 7841 068 415 J.P. Morgan Cazenove +44 (0) 20 3493 8000 (Sole Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Drax and Drax Bidco) Robert Constant / Christopher Thiele James Robinson / Rupert Budge Further information If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement or the action which you should take, you are recommended to consult your stockbroker, solicitor, accountant, bank manager or other independent financial adviser duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) if you are resident in the United Kingdom, the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 if you are resident in Guernsey, or, if you are not so resident, from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser . Important notice This announcement does not constitute or form part of an offer or an invitation to purchase, subscribe for, otherwise acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or of any vote or approval pursuant to the Acquisition. The contents of this announcement do not amount to, and should not be construed as, legal, tax, business or financial advice. The statements contained in this announcement are made as at the date of this announcement, unless some other date is specified in relation to them, and publication of this announcement shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this announcement since such date. Notices relating to financial advisers Deutsche Bank AG is a joint stock corporation incorporated with limited liability in the Federal Republic of Germany, with its head office in Frankfurt am Main where it is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court under number HRB 30 000. Deutsche Bank AG is authorised under German banking law. The London branch of Deutsche Bank AG (trading for these purposes as Deutsche Numis) (" Deutsche Numis ") is registered in the register of companies for England and Wales (registration number BR000005) with its registered address and principal place of business at 21 Moorfields, London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom. Deutsche Bank AG is authorised and regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). With respect to activities undertaken in the UK, Deutsche Numis is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (" PRA "). It is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the PRA. Deutsche Numis is acting for BSIF and for no one else in connection with the subject matter of this announcement and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient thereof) as its client and will not be responsible to anyone other than BSIF for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Numis or for advising any such person in connection with the subject matter of this announcement, or any transaction or arrangement referred to therein. N.M. Rothschild & Sons Limited (" Rothschild & Co "), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, is acting exclusively for BSIF and for no one else in connection with the subject matter of this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than BSIF for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in connection with the subject matter of this announcement. J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove (" J.P. Morgan Cazenove "), is authorised in the United Kingdom by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority. J.P. Morgan Cazenove is acting as financial adviser exclusively for Drax Bidco and Drax and no one else in connection with the subject matter of this announcement and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the matters set out in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Drax Bidco and Drax for providing the protections afforded to clients of J.P. Morgan Cazenove or its affiliates, nor for providing advice in connection with the subject matter of this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and