BETA Close X Drax Group plc announced that Chief Commercial Officer Paul Sheffield's Long-Term Incentive Plan award of 21,252 ordinary shares, granted on September 3, 2024, vested on September 3, 2026. He subsequently sold all 21,252 vested shares at 783 pence per share, retaining none of the newly acquired shares but holding a total of 83,594 shares in the company. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 03 September 2026 3 September 2026 Drax Group plc ("Drax" or "the Company") Symbol: DRX Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility and Persons Closely Associated with them In accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation, the Company announces that it has been notified of the following transactions in the Company's Ordinary shares undertaken by the following person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR). Vesting of award under the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) On 3 September 2026, ordinary shares in Drax Group plc were issued to Paul Sheffield (Chief Commercial Officer) following the automatic vesting of awards originally granted on 3 September 2024. The Company was notified on 3 September 2026 that Paul Sheffield had elected to sell all shares acquired on the vesting of his LTIP award, as set out in the table below. Director/PDMR Total LTIP award vesting 1 Number of shares sold at 783p per share Number of shares retained Total number of shares held in the Company Paul Sheffield 21,252 21,252 0 83,594 Notes: 1. Includes shares in lieu of accrued dividends throughout the vesting period. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ("PCA") Name Paul Sheffield Reason for the notification Position / status Chief Commercial Officer Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Name Drax Group plc LEI 549300YPSNTXR4ZHSR98 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 11 16/29 pence GB00B1VNSX38 Nature of the transaction Automatic vesting of LTIP awards and sale of all ordinary shares acquired. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil cost 783 pence per share 21,252 shares acquired 21,252 shares sold Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A Date of the transaction 3 September 2026 Place of the transaction XLON -- ENDS -- This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Kromek Group 1 hour ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Derwent London 1 hour ago Jupiter Fund Management All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and