BETA Close X Drax Group plc, through its subsidiary Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited, has agreed to acquire Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited (BSIF) for approximately £548 million in cash, with an additional 2.25 pence per share dividend making the total value 94.824 pence per share, representing a 31% premium to BSIF's closing price on November 4, 2025. This all-cash acquisition, to be implemented via a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement, values BSIF at approximately £561 million including the dividend, and is expected to significantly expand Drax's renewable generation business by adding BSIF's c.0.9GW portfolio and development pipeline. Drax anticipates this acquisition will enhance its EBITDA from renewables, provide greater cash flow predictability, and align with its strategic capital allocation priorities. The BSIF Directors unanimously recommend the offer to shareholders. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 01 June 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 1 June 2026 RECOMMENDED CASH ACQUISITION of Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited ("BSIF") by Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited ("Drax Bidco") a wholly-owned subsidiary of Drax Group plc ("Drax") to be implemented by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008 (as amended) Summary · The boards of directors of each of BSIF and Drax Bidco are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all cash acquisition by Drax Bidco of the entire issued share capital of BSIF (the " Acquisition "). The Acquisition is to be effected by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies Law. · Under the terms of the Acquisition, BSIF Shareholders will be entitled to receive 92.574 pence in cash per BSIF Share (the " Cash Consideration "). In addition, BSIF Shareholders will be entitled to keep the second interim dividend of 2.25 pence per BSIF Share payable to qualifying BSIF Shareholders on or around 15 June 2026 (the " Permitted Dividend "). Accordingly, BSIF Shareholders (where they qualify for the Permitted Dividend) will be entitled to receive a total value of 94.824 pence per BSIF Share. · The Cash Consideration values the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £548 million , and represents: o a premium of approximately 28 per cent. to the Closing Price of 72.20 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); and o a premium of approximately 19 per cent. to the one-month volume weighted average price of 78.06 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period). · Including the Permitted Dividend, the terms of the Acquisition value the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £561 million , and represent: o a premium of approximately 31 per cent. to the Closing Price of 72.20 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); o a premium of approximately 21 per cent. to the one-month volume weighted average price of 78.06 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); and o a discount of approximately 9 per cent. to the unaudited 31 March 2026 net asset value of 104.52 pence per BSIF Share announced by BSIF on 14 May 2026. · The terms of the Acquisition represent an enterprise value for BSIF of approximately £1,082 million. Background to and reasons for the Acquisition · Drax believes the Acquisition of BSIF offers an attractive opportunity to grow its UK renewable generation business whilst being highly complementary to the Wider Drax Group's existing operations and FlexGen portfolio. The Acquisition offers Drax direct access into a c.0.9GW renewable portfolio, comprised of operating and under construction solar and wind assets, plus a >1GW (2.9GW gross capacity) development pipeline to be constructed across the next decade. These assets can complement the Wider Drax Group's existing portfolio of c.2.2GW of FlexGen assets and developments and 2.6GW of biomass, creating a broader base of UK generation assets and associated earnings. · The Acquisition aligns with the Wider Drax Group's strategic and capital allocation priorities to allocate up to £2 billion of incremental investment (between 2025 and 2031), primarily in flexible and renewable energy to create value and growth in the short, medium and long-term, and to support delivery of the UK's objectives of energy security, affordability, and decarbonisation. Drax believes that the Acquisition is underpinned by strong cash generation, a disciplined approach to capital allocation, and attractive returns for Drax shareholders. · BSIF, a publicly listed investment company which operates a portfolio of UK based renewable energy infrastructure assets (including photovoltaic plants, wind farms and small-scale wind turbines), supports Drax's core UK generation focus and, as an acquisition, represents a compelling opportunity to add operating assets with predominantly contracted cash flows, in addition to under construction and development assets to the Wider Drax Group's existing portfolio, with a focus in particular on the following key benefits: o Significant expansion of the Wider Drax Group's renewable generation capabilities; o Optimising Drax's generation mix, complementing FlexGen assets and biomass with solar and wind generation; o For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, BSIF generated underlying earnings of c.£95 million, EBITDA of c.£130 million and operating free cash flow of c.£118 million. BSIF will provide an opportunity to grow Drax's EBITDA from renewables, offering greater predictability and visibility of cash flows from a large operational portfolio that reduces the Wider Drax Group's earnings risk from grid connection delays. With an operational portfolio underpinned by long-term investment schemes and certificates, BSIF maintains a highly contracted revenue base, with 57 per cent. of revenue generated from FiT, ROCs, CfDs and REGOs, and the remaining 43 per cent. derived from PPAs in the six months to 31 December 2025; o Combining BSIF's portfolio with Drax's existing flexible generation assets, alongside Drax's marketing and trading capabilities, will create a broader renewables platform. This could enable Drax to improve revenues from renewable certificate trading, improve routes-to-market, and make better use of the Wider Drax Group's trading platform. It could also allow the combined portfolio to be dispatched more efficiently on a 24/7 basis, driving optimisation and market access cost savings; o Provides a significant development opportunity, allowing Drax to continue to sustainably increase the scale of solar and BESS capacity. As at 31 December 2025, 545MWs of BSIF's solar development portfolio is underpinned by long-term 15-to-20 year CfD contracts, secured in Allocation Rounds 4, 5, 6 and 7; o Offering the potential to unlock significant synergies across the Wider Drax Group's trading, operations and energy sales activities in addition to potential cost savings associated with listing costs and lower trading costs by utilising Drax's existing route-to-market platforms (including providing a route-to-market for over 2,000 embedded generators) and trading operations; and o Accelerating Drax's contribution to the UK's national climate targets and ambitions for a clean power system and net zero objectives. Drax expects that return on invested capital from the Acquisition will significantly exceed the Wider Drax Group's target weighted average cost of capital. Recommendation · The BSIF Directors, who have been so advised by Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing their advice to the BSIF Directors, Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co have taken into account the commercial assessments of the BSIF Directors. Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co are providing independent financial advice to the BSIF Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Code. · Accordingly, the BSIF Directors unanimously intend to recommend that BSIF Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting, as the BSIF Directors who hold BSIF Shares have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of 176,800 BSIF Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.03 per cent. of the issued share capital of BSIF on 29 May 2026 (being the latest practicable date prior to this Announcement). · Further details of these irrevocable undertakings are set out in Appendix III to this Announcement. Information on Drax Bidco and Drax · Drax is a renewable energy company engaged in renewable power generation, the production of sustainable biomass and the sale of renewable electricity to businesses. · Drax operates a generation portfolio of sustainable biomass (c.2.6GW), hydro-electric and pumped storage hydro assets (c.560MW) in England and Scotland. At Drax's Cruachan Power Station, a project which will add 40MW of additional capacity is progressing. Drax is constructing three open cycle gas turbine (" OCGT ") assets, two in England and one in Wales which, when commissioned, will provide capacity of c.900MW in aggregate. Drax is also developing a pipeline of battery energy storage system (" BESS ") investment opportunities comprising physical assets and capabilities to optimise third-party assets with the provision of route-to-market, floor and tolling structures. In October 2025, Drax agreed to acquire three BESS projects across Scotland and England from Apatura Limited which, when fully commissioned, will provide capacity of c.260MW in aggregate. The Wider Drax Group also has in place agreements for 450MW of tolling contracts, comprising 250MW from a 10-year tolling agreement with West Burton C Limited, a company owned by Fidra Energy, entered into in January 2026, and 200MW from a 15-year tolling agreement with Zenobē Coalburn Limited, entered into in February 2026. · In March 2026, Drax completed the acquisition of Flexitricity Limited, a UK-based optimiser of flexible energy assets, with a scalable platform expected to support the Wider Drax Group's ambition to develop a GW scale pipeline of BESS opportunities. · The Wider Drax Group continues to evaluate opportunities to maximise value from the Drax Power Station site, including the potential for a c.100MW data centre, as well as other generation sources. · Drax's Energy Solutions business sells renewable electricity to industrial and commercial customers in the UK. · The Wider Drax Group also operates a biomass pellet production business with 14 operational sites for a combination of own-use and third-party sales. As at 31 December 2025, the Wider Drax Group employed over 2,900 people in the UK, US, Canada and Japan. The Wider Drax Group reported total revenue of £5,391 million and Adjusted EBITDA of c.£947 million in the financial year ended 31 December 2025. · Drax Bidco is a wholly-owned subsidiary undertaking of Drax. It owns the UK generation portfolio of Drax, being Drax Power Station, the hydro-electric and pumped storage hydro assets, the three OCGT assets and the three BESS projects under development acquired from Apatura Limited. Information on BSIF · BSIF was established in 2013 as the first UK-listed investment company focused primarily on UK solar energy infrastructure. At the time of its IPO, there was no listed vehicle dedicated to this sector and BSIF was therefore a pioneer in creating a new asset class within the UK investment company landscape. · BSIF has grown into a scaled and established participant in the UK renewable energy market, building a high-quality portfolio of operational assets alongside a substantial proprietary development pipeline. This growth has been underpinned by the experience, stability and disciplined investment approach of its investment adviser, Bluefield, whose management team has been central to sourcing, developing and operating BSIF's assets. · As at 31 December 2025, BSIF had total assets of £639 million. · As at 31 December 2025, BSIF owned an operational solar portfolio of 121 photovoltaic plants (consisting of 79 large scale sites, 39 micro sites and 3 roof top sites), 6 wind farms and 109 small scale UK onshore wind turbines, all 100 per cent. owned by BSIF, with a total capacity of 748.7MW. BSIF also has a 25 per cent. stake in a joint venture portfolio of UK solar assets in partnership with GLIL Infrastructure, who own the remaining 75 per cent. The total capacity of the joint venture portfolio is 412.1MW. BSIF's total operating capacity was therefore 851.8MW as at 31 December 2025, composed of 793.5MW of solar and 58.3MW of onshore wind. · In addition to the operational portfolio, BSIF benefits from its own proprietary development pipeline. As at 31 December 2025, this consisted of 946MW of solar projects and 1,915MW of BESS projects; 25MW of the pipeline was under construction, 1,204MW was fully consented, 47MW was in planning and 1,585MW was under development. · In the year ending 30 June 2026, BSIF is expected to generate some 880 GWh of clean energy, enough to power around 326,000 homes, and avoid over 155,000 tonnes of CO ₂ e emissions. Drax Board Statement · The Acquisition constitutes a "significant transaction" for Drax for the purposes of the UK Listing Rules and this Announcement constitutes a notification pursuant to Chapter 7 of the UK Listing Rules. · Certain further information required to be notified by Drax pursuant to Chapter 7 of the UK Listing Rules will be set out in the Scheme Document. · The Drax Directors believe that the Acquisition is in the best interests of Drax Shareholders as a whole. Timetable and Conditions · It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies Law (although Drax Bidco reserves the right to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, with the Panel's consent and compliance with the Code). · The Acquisition will be put to the BSIF Shareholders at the Court Meeting and the General Meeting. In order to become Effective, the Scheme must be approved by a majority in number of the Scheme Shareholders present and voting (and entitled to vote) at the Court Meeting, either in person or by proxy, representing at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast by those Scheme Shareholders. In addition, a special resolution implementing the Scheme and amending the articles of incorporation of BSIF must be passed by BSIF Shareholders representing at least 75 per cent. of votes cast at the General Meeting. Following the Court Meeting, the Scheme must also be sanctioned by the Court. · The Acquisition is also subject to the Conditions and terms set out in Appendix I to this Announcement, including the UK National Security and Investment Condition. · For the purposes of Rule 29.1(d) of the Code, a valuation of BSIF's portfolio will be included in the Scheme Document (or, if applicable, the Offer Document). · The Scheme Document, containing further information about the Acquisition and the Scheme and notices of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting will be distributed to BSIF Shareholders (along with the Forms of Proxy for use in connection with the Court Meeting and the General Meeting) as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, within 28 days of the date of this Announcement (or such later time (if any) as Drax Bidco, BSIF and the Panel agree and, if required, the Court may approve). · Subject to the satisfaction or (where applicable) waiver of the Conditions, the Acquisition is expected to become Effective during Q3 202 6 . Commenting on the Acquisition, Michael Gibbons CBE, Chair of BSIF, said: "BSIF was a pioneer in creating the first UK-listed investment trust focused primarily on UK solar energy infrastructure. Since its IPO in 2013, BSIF's operating portfolio has grown with the UK Solar PV market to c.850MW, including an expansion into the onshore wind and battery storage asset classes. In that time, BSIF has delivered a total shareholder return of 122 per cent. and, as at BSIF's most recent results, generates enough green electricity to power over 326,000 homes with renewable energy. None of this would have been possible without the resources and considerable expertise of Bluefield Partners, the investment adviser whose management of this company has established them as one of the leading experts in the renewables industry. However, since autumn 2022, a changed interest rate environment has contributed to BSIF Shares trading at a consistent double digit discount to NAV. Without fresh capital to invest in new projects, the portfolio's quarterly NAVs have naturally declined with the payment of dividends. Against this changed backdrop, following an earlier evaluation of strategic options and shareholder feedback which indicated a clear preference for value maximising options, the BSIF Board acted decisively to initiate a Formal Sale Process. The BSIF Board is pleased with the conclusion of this process and believes the Acquisition at a 31 per cent. premium (including the Permitted Dividend) to the closing share price on 4 November 2025, represents a highly attractive outcome for BSIF Shareholders and a compelling opportunity to crystalise value in cash. The BSIF Board unanimously recommends that BSIF Shareholders vote in favour of the Acquisition." Commenting on the Acquisition, Will Gardiner , CEO of Drax, said: "The UK's energy system is rapidly evolving and to meet its changing needs Drax is transitioning too. We are excited about the opportunities we have to invest in growing our business and supporting the country's long-term energy security by adding new sources of generation and storage to our portfolio. BSIF could potentially be the biggest acquisition our business has ever made. It represents an attractive opportunity to substantially grow our renewable generation business, while being highly complementary to the Wider Drax Group's existing operations and FlexGen portfolio. This deal can help meet the UK's energy goals of security of supply, affordability and decarbonisation as rising levels of renewable electricity are expected to meet growing national power demand. The Acquisition is part of our plan to allocate up to £2 billion into flexible and renewable energy through the decade, and can deliver a step change in Drax's EBITDA and contracted cashflows and synergy benefits, which supports returns significantly in excess of Wider Drax Group target WACC. There is no change to our capital allocation policy as a result of the potential transaction. We remain committed to our balance sheet targets, including returns to shareholders." This summary should be read in conjunction with the full text of this Announcement. The Acquisition shall be subject to the Conditions and further terms set out in Appendix I to this Announcement and to the full terms and conditions which shall be set out in the Scheme Document. Appendix II to this Announcement contains the sources of information and bases of calculations of certain information contained in this Announcement, Appendix III contains a summary of the irrevocable undertakings in relation to this Acquisition, Appendix IV contains a discussion of the risks to Drax as a result of the Acquisition and Appendix V contains definitions of certain expressions used in this summary and in this Announcement. Enquiries: Drax and Drax Bidco Enquiries: Investor Relations: Mark Strafford mark.strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Chris Simpson Chris.Simpson@drax.com +44 (0) 7923 257 815 Media: Drax External Communications: Chris Mostyn Chris.Mostyn@drax.com Andy Low andrew.low@drax.com +44 (0) 7743 963 483 +44 (0) 7841 068 415 J.P. Morgan Cazenove +44 (0) 20 3493 8000 (Sole Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Drax and Drax Bidco) Robert Constant / Christopher Thiele James Robinson / Rupert Budge BSIF To be contacted via Deutsche Numis Deutsche Numis +44 (0) 20 7545 8000 (Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to BSIF) Hugh Jonathan / Matt Goss Rothschild & Co +44 (0) 20 7280 5000 (Joint Financial Adviser to BSIF) Emmet Walsh / Jack Vellacott Ocorian +44 (0) 1481 742 742 (Company Secretary and Administrator to BSIF) Chezi Hanford Burson Buchanan +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 (PR Adviser to BSIF) Henry Harrison-Topham / Henry Wilson www.bursonbuchanan.com BSIF@buchanan.uk.com Norton Rose Fulbright LLP is acting as legal adviser to BSIF. Pinsent Masons LLP is acting as legal adviser to Drax Bidco and Drax. Analyst, investor and media presentations Drax will host a presentation for analysts and investors today at 11:30 a.m. (London time) to discuss the Acquisition. The webcast will be available at: https://secure.emincote.com/client/drax/drax035 The registration for the analyst conference call will be available at: https://secure.emincote.com/client/drax/drax035/vip_connect . Subject to certain restrictions, the slides used in the presentation will be available to all interested parties at: drax.com/investors/results-reports-presentations/ Important notices J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove (" J.P. Morgan Cazenove "), is authorised in the United Kingdom by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (" PRA ") and the Financial Conduct Authority. J.P. Morgan Cazenove is acting as financial adviser exclusively for Drax Bidco and Drax and no one else in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Drax Bidco and Drax for providing the protections afforded to clients of J.P. Morgan Cazenove or its affiliates, nor for providing advice in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement. Deutsche Bank AG is a joint stock corporation incorporated with limited liability in the Federal Republic of Germany, with its head office in Frankfurt am Main where it is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court under number HRB 30 000. Deutsche Bank AG is authorised under German banking law. The London branch of Deutsche Bank AG (trading for these purposes as Deutsche Numis) (" Deutsche Numis ") is registered in the register of the companies for England and Wales (registration number BR000005) with its registered address and principal place of business at 21 Moorfields, London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom. Deutsche Bank AG is authorised and regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). With respect to activities undertaken in the UK, Deutsche Numis is authorised by the PRA. It is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the PRA. Deutsche Numis is acting for BSIF and for no one else in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient thereof) as its client and will not be responsible to anyone other than BSIF for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Numis or for advising any such person in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement, or any transaction or arrangement referred to therein. N.M. Rothschild & Sons Limited (" Rothschild & Co "), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, is acting exclusively for BSIF and for no one else in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than BSIF for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in connection with the subject matter of this Announcement. Inside information This Announcement contains inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this Announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information will be considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging for the release of this Announcement on behalf of BSIF is Chezi Hanford (Company Secretary) and the person responsible for making this announcement on behalf of Drax is Rebecca Dunn (Company Secretary). Further information This Announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, any offer to sell or an invitation to purchase any securities; a solicitation of an offer to buy, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise; or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise nor shall there be any purchase, sale, issuance or exchange of securities or such solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, sale issuance or exchange is unlawful. The Acquisition will be made solely by means of the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, the Offer Document) which, together with any related forms of proxy (or, in the case of a Takeover Offer, forms of acceptance), will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Scheme (or, in the case of a Takeover Offer, how to accept the offer). Any decision in respect of, or other response to, the Acquisition should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, the Offer Document). BSIF will prepare the Scheme Document to be distributed to BSIF Shareholders. BSIF and Drax Bidco urge BSIF Shareholders to read the Scheme Document (or any other document by which the Acquisition is made) in full when it becomes available because it will contain important information relating to the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Scheme. Any vote in respect of resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting, and any decision in respect of the Scheme or other response in relation to the Acquisition by BSIF Shareholders should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, the Offer Document). The statements contained in this Announcement are made as at the date of this Announcement, unless some other time is specified in relation to them, and publication of this Announcement shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this Announcement since such date. This Announcement does not constitute a prospectus or prospectus equivalent document. Drax Bidco reserves the right to elect (with the consent of the Panel) to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer as an alternative to the Scheme. In such event, the Takeover Offer will be implemented on substantially the same terms, so far as applicable, as those which would apply to the Scheme, subject to appropriate amendments to reflect the change in structure by which the Acquisition is to be implemented and compliance with all applicable laws. Overseas shareholders The release, publication or distribution of this Announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom or Guernsey, and the availability of the Acquisition to BSIF Shareholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom or Guernsey, may be restricted by the laws and/or regulations of those jurisdictions and therefore persons into whose possession this Announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. In particular, the ability of persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom or Guernsey to vote their BSIF Shares with respect to the Scheme at the Court Meeting or the resolution(s) at the General Meeting, or to execute and deliver forms of proxy appointing another to vote at the Court Meeting or the General Meeting on their behalf, may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Further details in relation to Overseas Shareholders will be contained in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, the Offer Document). Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. Unless otherwise determined by Drax Bidco or required by the Code, and permitted by applicable law and regulation, the Acquisition will not be made available, directly or indirectly, in, into or from a Restricted Jurisdiction. Accordingly, copies of this Announcement and all documents relating to the Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in, into or from a Restricted Jurisdiction, and persons receiving this Announcement and all documents relating to the Acquisition (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise distribute or send them in, into or from such Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer (unless otherwise permitted by applicable law or regulation), the Takeover Offer may not be made, directly or indirectly, in or into, or by use of mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic transmission, telex or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction and the Takeover Offer will not be capable of acceptance by any such use, means, instrumentality or facilities or from within any Restricted Jurisdiction. This Announcement has been prepared in connection with proposals in relation to a scheme of arrangement pursuant to and for the purpose of complying with English law, Guernsey law and the Code and information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this Announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom or Guernsey. Nothing in this Announcement should be relied on for any other purpose. The Acquisition shall be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code, the Panel, the London Stock Exchange, the Financial Conduct Authority and the UK Listing Rules. Additional information for investors in the United States The Acquisition relates to shares of a Guernsey company with a listing on the Main Market and is proposed to be effected by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under the laws of Guernsey. A transaction effected by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement governed by the laws of Guernsey is not subject to the tender offer rules or the proxy solicitation rules under the US Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " US Exchange Act "). Accordingly, the Acquisition is subject to the disclosure and procedural requirements applicable to schemes of arrangements involving a target company incorporated in Guernsey and listed on the Main Market which differ from the requirements of United States tender offer and proxy solicitation rules. However, if Drax Bidco were to elect to implement the Acquisition by means of a Takeover Offer and determines to extend such Takeover Offer into the United States, such Takeover Offer shall be made in compliance with all applicable United States laws and regulations, including, without limitation, to the extent applicable, Section 14(e) of the US Exchange Act and Regulation 14E thereunder. Such a Takeover Offer would be made in the United States by Drax Bidco and no one else. In the event that the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, in accordance with normal United Kingdom practice and pursuant to Rule 14e-5(b) of the US Exchange Act (if applicable), Drax Bidco, its affiliates, their advisers and their nominees or brokers (acting as agents), may from time to time make certain purchases of, or arrangements to purchase, shares or other securities of BSIF, other than pursuant to such Takeover Offer, during the period in which such Takeover Offer would remain open for acceptance. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices and would comply with applicable law, including the US Exchange Act. Any information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase shall be disclosed as required in the UK, shall be available to all investors (including US investors) via a Regulatory Information Service and shall also be available on the London Stock Exchange website at www.londonstockexchange.com . The receipt of consideration by a US holder for the transfer of its BSIF Shares pursuant to the Scheme is likely to be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and under applicable US state and local, as well as overseas and other, tax laws. Each BSIF Shareholder is urged to consult their independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax consequences of the Acquisition applicable to them, including under applicable United States federal, state and local, as well as overseas and other, tax laws. Financial information relating to BSIF included in this Announcement and the Scheme Document has been or shall have been prepared in accordance with accounting standards applicable in Guernsey and the United Kingdom and may not be comparable to financial information of United States companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (" US GAAP "). US GAAP differs in certain significant respects from accounting standards applicable in Guernsey and the United Kingdom. None of the financial information in this Announcement has been audited in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States or the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). It may be difficult for US holders of BSIF Shares to enforce their rights and any claim arising out of the US federal securities laws in connection with the Acquisition, since Drax Bidco and BSIF are each organised in countries other than the United States, and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of, and some or all of their assets may be located in, jurisdictions other than the United States. As a result, US holders of BSIF Shares may not be able to effect service of process upon a non-US company or its officers or directors or to enforce against them a judgment of a US court for violations of federal or state securities laws of the United States, including judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the US federal securities laws. US holders of BSIF Shares may not be able to sue a non-US company or its officers or directors in a non-US court for violations of US securities laws. Further, it may be difficult to compel a non-US company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a US court's jurisdiction or judgment. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any US state securities commission has approved or disproved or passed judgment upon the fairness or the merits of the Acquisition or determined if this Announcement is adequate, accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. Forward-looking statements This Announcement (including information incorporated by reference in this Announcement), oral statements made regarding the Acquisition, and other information published by Drax Bidco or BSIF may contain statements about Drax Bidco and BSIF that are or may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Announcement may be forward-looking statements. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words "targets", "plans", "believes", "expects", "aims", "intends", "will", "may", "shall", "should", "anticipates", "estimates", "projects", "is subject to", "budget", "scheduled", "forecast" or words or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include (without limitation) statements relating to the following: (i) assets, future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, dividend policy, losses and future prospects; and (ii) business and management strategies and the expansion and growth of Drax Bidco's or BSIF's operations and potential synergies resulting from the Acquisition. Such forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of the management of Drax Bidco and BSIF about future events, and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results and are based on certain key assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking statements, including: increased competition, the outcome of business or industry restructuring, the outcome of any litigation, changes in economic conditions, currency fluctuations, changes in interest and tax rates, changes in laws, regulations or regulatory policies, developments in legal or public policy doctrines, or the timing and success of future offer opportunities or major investment projects. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements should therefore be construed in light of such factors. Neither Drax Bidco nor BSIF, nor any of their respective associates or directors, officers or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this Announcement will actually occur. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. All subsequent oral or written forward looking statements attributable to any member of the Wider Drax Group or the BSIF Group, or any of their respective associates, directors, officers, employees or advisers, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. Drax Bidco and BSIF expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking or other statements contained herein, except as required by applicable law or by the rules of any competent regulatory authority, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. No profit forecasts or estimates or quantified financial benefit statement No statement in this Announcement is intended as, or is to be construed as, a profit forecast, profit estimate or quantified financial benefit statement for any period and no statement in this Announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or earnings per share for BSIF or for Drax for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or earnings per share for BSIF or for Drax. Disclosure requirements of the Code Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the Offer Period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the Offer Period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure. Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing. If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they shall be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3. Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4). Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Panel's website at http://www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure. Information relating to BSIF Shareholders Please be aware that addresses, electronic addresses and certain information provided by BSIF Shareholders, persons with information rights and other relevant persons for the receipt of communications from BSIF may be provided to Drax Bidco during the Offer Period as requested under Section 4 of Appendix 4 of the Code. Publication on website and availability of hard copies A copy of this Announcement will be made available, free of charge, subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, on Drax Bidco's website at https://www.drax.com/BluefieldSolarIncomeFundLimited and BSIF's website at https://bluefieldsif.com/strategic-review-and-formal-sales-process/ respectively by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following the date of this Announcement. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of these websites and any websites accessible from hyperlinks on these websites are not incorporated into and do not form part of this Announcement . Right to receive documents in hard copy form BSIF Shareholders and persons with information rights may request a hard copy of this Announcement, free of charge, by: (i) contacting Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited during business hours on +44 (0) 370 707 4040 (lines are open from 8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m., Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales )); or (ii) by submitting a request via email on info@computershare.co.je. A person so entitled may also request that all future documents, announcements and information in relation to the Acquisition be sent to them in hard copy form. Rounding Certain figures included in this Announcement have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. General If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or independent financial adviser duly authorised under FSMA if you are resident in the United Kingdom or, if not, from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 1 June 2026 RECOMMENDED CASH ACQUISITION of Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited ("BSIF") by Drax Smart Generation Holdco Limited ("Drax Bidco") a wholly-owned subsidiary of Drax Group plc ("Drax") to be implemented by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008, as amended 1 Introduction The boards of directors of each of Drax Bidco and BSIF are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all cash acquisition by Drax Bidco pursuant to which Drax Bidco will acquire the entire issued share capital of BSIF (the " Acquisition "). The Acquisition is to be effected by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part VIII of the Companies Law. 2 The Acquisition Under the terms of the Acquisition, which shall be subject to the Conditions and further terms set out in Appendix I to this Announcement and to be set out in the Scheme Document, BSIF Shareholders will be entitled to receive 92.574 pence in cash per BSIF Share (the " Cash Consideration "). In addition, BSIF Shareholders will be entitled to keep the second interim dividend of 2.25 pence per BSIF Share payable to qualifying BSIF Shareholders on or around 15 June 2026 (the " Permitted Dividend "). Accordingly, BSIF Shareholders (where they qualify for the Permitted Dividend) will be entitled to receive a total value of 94.824 pence per BSIF Share. The Cash Consideration values the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £548 million , and represents: · a premium of approximately 28 per cent. to the Closing Price of 72.20 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); and · a premium of approximately 19 per cent. to the one-month volume weighted average price of 78.06 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period). Including the Permitted Dividend, the terms of the Acquisition value the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £561 million , and represent: · a premium of approximately 31 per cent. to the Closing Price of 72.20 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); · a premium of approximately 21 per cent. to the one-month volume weighted average price of 78.06 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); and · a discount of approximately 9 per cent. to the unaudited 31 March 2026 net asset value of 104.52 pence per BSIF Share announced by BSIF on 14 May 2026. The terms of the Acquisition represent an enterprise value for BSIF of approximately £1,082 million. Other than in relation to the Permitted Dividend, if, on or after the date of this Announcement and on or prior to the Effective Date, any dividend, distribution or other return of value is announced, declared, made, or paid or becomes payable in respect of BSIF, Drax Bidco reserves the right to reduce the Cash Consideration payable under the terms of the Acquisition by an amount up to the amount of any such dividend, other distribution or return of value, in which case any reference in this Announcement to the Cash Consideration will be deemed to be a reference to the Cash Consideration so reduced. If (but only to the extent) Drax Bidco exercises this right or makes such a reduction in respect of a dividend, other distribution or return of value, BSIF Shareholders shall be entitled to receive and retain any such dividend, distribution, or other return of value declared, made, or paid. The Scheme Document, containing further information about the Acquisition and notices of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting will be distributed to BSIF Shareholders (along with the Forms of Proxy for use in connection with the Court Meeting and the General Meeting) as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, within 28 days of the date of this Announcement (or such later time (if any) as Drax Bidco, BSIF and the Panel agree and, if required, the Court may approve). It is expected that the Court Meeting and the General Meeting shall be held in July 2026 and that, subject to the satisfaction or (where applicable) waiver of the Conditions, the Acquisition is expected to become Effective during Q3 2026. 3 Background to and reasons for the Acquisition Drax believes the Acquisition of BSIF offers an attractive opportunity to grow its UK renewable generation business whilst being highly complementary to the Wider Drax Group's existing operations and FlexGen portfolio. The Acquisition offers Drax direct access into a 0.9GW renewable portfolio, comprised of operating and under construction solar and wind assets, plus a >1GW (2.9GW gross capacity) development pipeline to be constructed across the next decade. These assets can complement the Wider Drax Group's existing portfolio of c.2.2GW of FlexGen assets and developments and 2.6GW of biomass, creating a broader base of UK generation assets and associated earnings. The Acquisition aligns with the Wider Drax Group's strategic and capital allocation priorities to allocate up to £2 billion of incremental investment (between 2025 and 2031), primarily in flexible and renewable energy to create value and growth in the short, medium and long-term, and to support delivery of the UK's objectives of energy security, affordability, and decarbonisation. Drax believes that the Acquisition is underpinned by strong cash generation from BSIF's operational portfolio, a disciplined approach to capital allocation, and attractive returns for Drax shareholders. NESO expects demand for power to double, with most of that demand being met by embedding renewable generation into the future of the UK power system, as well as driving an increasing need for flexible generation. Drax believes these strong demand, industry and policy tailwinds are supported by the increased focus on UK energy security, resulting from recent geopolitical events, which are expected to drive a growing requirement for domestic generation capacity in the UK. Moreover, expectations of rising power demand driven by AI, data centres and the broader electrification of transport and industry will support higher long-term demand for power over the decades to come. Drax believes that solar and wind assets, when combined with the Wider Drax Group's existing UK generation portfolio, would be well placed to support energy security and decarbonisation of the UK system, and in doing so create long-term sustained value for the Wider Drax Group. BSIF, a publicly listed investment company which operates a portfolio of UK based renewable energy infrastructure assets (including photovoltaic plants, wind farms and small-scale wind turbines), supports Drax's core UK generation focus and, as an acquisition, represents a compelling opportunity to add operating assets with predominantly contracted cash flows, in addition to under construction and development assets to the Wider Drax Group's existing portfolio, with a focus in particular on the following key benefits: · Significant expansion of the Wider Drax Group's renewable generation capabilities; · Optimising Drax's generation mix, complementing FlexGen assets and biomass with solar and wind generation; · For the financial year ended 30 June 2025, BSIF generated underlying earnings of c.£95 million, EBITDA of c.£130 million and operating free cash flow of c.£118 million. BSIF will provide an opportunity to grow Drax's EBITDA from renewables, offering greater predictability and visibility of cash flows from a large operational portfolio that reduces the Wider Drax Group's earnings risk from grid connection delays. With an operational portfolio underpinned by long-term investment schemes and certificates, BSIF maintains a highly contracted revenue base, with 57 per cent. of revenue generated from FiT, ROCs, CfDs and REGOs, and the remaining 43 per cent. derived from PPAs in the six months to 31 December 2025; · Combining BSIF's portfolio with Drax's existing flexible generation assets, alongside Drax's marketing and trading capabilities, will create a broader renewables platform. This could enable Drax to improve revenues from renewable certificate trading, improve routes-to-market, and make better use of the Wider Drax Group's trading platform. It could also allow the combined portfolio to be dispatched more efficiently on a 24/7 basis, driving optimisation and market access cost savings; · Provides a significant development opportunity, allowing Drax to continue to sustainably increase the scale of solar and BESS capacity. As at 31 December 2025, 545MWs of BSIF's solar development portfolio is underpinned by long-term 15-to-20 year CfD contracts, secured in Allocation Rounds 4, 5, 6 and 7; · Offering the potential to unlock significant synergies across the Wider Drax Group's trading, operations and energy sales activities in addition to potential cost savings associated with listing costs and lower trading costs by utilising Drax's existing route-to-market platforms (including providing a route-to-market for over 2,000 embedded generators) and trading operations; and · Accelerating Drax's contribution to the UK's national climate targets and ambitions for a clean power system and net zero objectives. Drax expects that return on invested capital from the Acquisition will significantly exceed the Wider Drax Group's target weighted average cost of capital. The Cash Consideration will be entirely debt financed through a £1.1 billion bridge financing facility (which will be subsequently refinanced). The borrower under the bridge financing facility is Drax Corporate. Drax Corporate will then lend the full amount of the facility to Drax Bidco pursuant to an intra-group loan agreement. Drax remains committed to its current credit ratings and its long-term Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA target of 2.0x, as well as its existing capital allocation policy, including its plans to return over £1 billion to shareholders (2025-3031) via a sustainable and growing dividend and its ongoing £450 million share buyback programme. The first £75 million tranche of the programme was completed in April 2026 and Drax expects to continue the programme in due course, with the precise timing and cadence of subsequent phases subject to the completion of the Acquisition and the maintenance of the Wider Drax Group's balance sheet priorities. Drax will however pause the current share buyback programme, pending the completion of the Acquisition, whilst it ensures the strength of its balance sheet and delivery of its investment priorities. Returns to shareholders and growth investment follow a capital ranking process which aims to maximise risk adjusted returns to shareholders. Drax continues to target free cash flow of c.£3 billion (2025-2031) from its existing businesses, as announced at its Full Year 2025 results, with c.£2 billion allocated to investment in flexible and renewable generation and the return of over £1 billion to shareholders. Following the Acquisition becoming Effective, the earnings, assets and liabilities of the BSIF Group will be consolidated into the earnings, assets and liabilities of the Wider Drax Group. The earnings, assets and liabilities of the Wider Drax Group would thereby be increased. 4 Recommendation The BSIF Directors, who have been so advised by Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing their advice to the BSIF Directors, Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co have taken into account the commercial assessments of the BSIF Directors. Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co are providing independent financial advice to the BSIF Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Code. Accordingly, the BSIF Directors unanimously intend to recommend that BSIF Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, in the event that the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, to accept or procure acceptance of the Takeover Offer), as the BSIF Directors who hold BSIF Shares have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of 176,800 BSIF Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.03 per cent. of the issued share capital of BSIF on 29 May 2026 (being the latest practicable date prior to this Announcement). 5 Background to and reasons for the recommendation Background BSIF was established in 2013 as the first UK-listed investment company focused primarily on UK solar energy infrastructure. At the time of its IPO, there was no listed vehicle dedicated to this sector and BSIF was therefore a pioneer in creating a new asset class within the UK investment company landscape. BSIF has grown into a scaled and established participant in the UK renewable energy market, building a high-quality portfolio of operational assets alongside a substantial proprietary development pipeline. This growth has been underpinned by the experience, stability and disciplined investment approach of its investment adviser, Bluefield, whose management team has been central to sourcing, developing and operating BSIF's assets. As at 31 December 2025, BSIF owned an operational solar portfolio of 121 photovoltaic plants (consisting of 79 large scale sites, 39 micro sites and 3 roof top sites), 6 wind farms and 109 small scale UK onshore wind turbines, all 100 per cent. owned by BSIF, with a total capacity of 748.7MW. BSIF also has a 25 per cent. stake in a joint venture portfolio of UK solar assets in partnership with GLIL Infrastructure, who own the remaining 75 per cent. The total capacity of the joint venture portfolio is 412.1MW. BSIF's total operating capacity was therefore 851.8MW as at 31 December 2025, composed of 793.5MW of solar and 58.3MW of onshore wind. In addition to the operational portfolio, BSIF benefits from its own proprietary development pipeline. As at 31 December 2025, this consisted of 946MW of solar projects and 1,915MW of BESS projects; 25MW of the pipeline was under construction, 1,204MW was fully consented, 47MW was in planning and 1,585MW was under development. In the financial year ending 30 June 2026, BSIF is expected to generate some 880 GWh of clean energy, enough to power around 326,000 homes, and avoid over 155,000 tonnes of CO ₂ e emissions. Market backdrop and evaluation of strategic options Despite these strengths, the BSIF Board has for some time recognised the structural challenges facing listed renewable investment companies. A period of higher sterling interest rates has prevailed since autumn 2022 and the BSIF Shares have traded at a persistent discount to NAV, at times reaching approximately 40 per cent. This has prevented BSIF from raising capital from the public markets, which had previously supported BSIF's NAV growth and the financing of its development pipeline. Whilst Bluefield has supported BSIF in creating a series of liquidity events and identifying other sources of capital, in the absence of consistent access to new equity capital, BSIF has been unable to expand its asset base at scale, resulting in a natural NAV decline for BSIF Shareholders. BSIF is not alone in facing these structural challenges; the wider sector has continued to suffer from persistent discounts to NAV, sustained outflows, and weak sentiment towards real asset investment vehicles. Against this backdrop, the BSIF Board announced in its Interim Report on 27 February 2025 that it was committed to exploring strategic initiatives to address the share price discount and to continue maximising value for BSIF Shareholders. In conjunction with Bluefield and its own financial advisers in Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co, the BSIF Board evaluated numerous and diverse possibilities to maximise value for BSIF Shareholders including continuing under the current business model, pursuing a structural evolution towards a more integrated and growth-oriented platform, and the potential sale of BSIF or its assets. After a period of market engagement (which included the evaluation of potential offers for BSIF's assets), the BSIF Board engaged extensively with BSIF Shareholders in the weeks following the publication of the 2025 Annual Report published on 21 October 2025 in relation to a potential transition to a more integrated and growth-orientated business model to unlock long-term value (including the potential internalisation of its investment adviser and changes to its dividend policy). It became clear during this engagement that such a transition was unlikely to be the preferred strategic direction of BSIF Shareholders as a whole. The BSIF Board received a variety of views from BSIF Shareholders, including some supporting the existing business model and strategy. However, a majority of BSIF Shareholders expressed a clear preference for alternative value-maximising options, such as the potential sale of BSIF or its assets. This feedback, together with the insights gained from its evaluation of alternative strategic initiatives, informed the BSIF Board's decision to pursue a broad and more competitive sales process in order to maximise value for BSIF Shareholders. Strategic Review and Formal Sale Process Accordingly, on 5 November 2025, the BSIF Board announced its decision to initiate a coordinated Strategic Review and Formal Sale Process (" FSP ") which has now successfully concluded. The FSP was conducted in the public domain to attract interest from a diverse range of potential acquirers and to maximise value for BSIF Shareholders. Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co conducted an extensive and thorough marketing exercise and held discussions with a wide range of potentially interested parties. The process generated significant interest from strategic investors, financial institutions and financial sponsors. The first phase of the process provided potentially interested parties with a limited set of confidential information, including a financial model and summary presentation. In February 2026, the BSIF Board received a number of attractive and credible non-binding proposals from a range of potential acquirers. Following a thorough evaluation process, a targeted and discrete number of parties were invited to participate in the next phase of the process and undertake more extensive due diligence ahead of submitting revised non-binding proposals. On 15 May 2026, Drax submitted a revised non-binding proposal, subject to finalisation of limited remaining confirmatory due diligence, amongst other items. Following a short period of evaluation and negotiation, the BSIF Board progressed discussions with Drax and agreed the terms of the Acquisition as set out in this Announcement. Conclusion and reasons for the recommendation The extensive, public, and competitive nature of the FSP, combined with BSIF's earlier evaluation of strategic options including the potential sale of BSIF or its assets, has enabled the BSIF Board to fully and robustly test the value of BSIF's portfolio with the market and identify the most attractive available outcome for BSIF Shareholders. Including the Permitted Dividend, the terms of the Acquisition values the entire issued share capital of BSIF at approximately £561 million , and represents: · a premium of approximately 31 per cent. to the Closing Price of 72.20 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); · a premium of approximately 21 per cent. to the one-month volume weighted average price of 78.06 pence per BSIF Share on 4 November 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the commencement of the Offer Period); and · a discount of approximately 9 per cent.to the unaudited 31 March 2026 net asset value of 104.52 pence per BSIF Share announced by BSIF on 14 May 2026. The BSIF Board believes that the Acquisition represents an attractive and compelling opportunity for BSIF Shareholders to crystallise value in cash. Therefore, after careful consideration together with Deutsche Numis and Rothschild & Co, the BSIF Board has concluded that the Acquisition is in the best interests of BSIF Shareholders. Accordingly, the BSIF Directors unanimously intend to recommend the Acquisition to BSIF's Shareholders. 6 Shareholder support Drax Bidco has received irrevocable undertakings from each of the BSIF Directors who hold BSIF Shares to vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, in the event that the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, to accept or procure acceptance of the Takeover Offer), in respect of a total of 176,800 BSIF Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.03 per cent. of the issued share capital of BSIF on 29 May 2026 (being the latest practicable date prior to this Announcement). Further details of these irrevocable undertakings are set out in Appendix III to this Announcement. 7 Information on Drax Bidco and Drax Drax is a renewable energy company engaged in renewable power generation, the production of sustainable biomass and the sale of renewable electricity to businesses. Drax operates a generation portfolio of sustainable biomass (c.2.6GW), hydro-electric and pumped storage hydro assets (c.560MW) in England and Scotland. At Drax's Cruachan Power Station, a project which will add 40MW of additional capacity is progressing. Drax is constructing three OCGT assets, two in England and one in Wales which, when commissioned, will provide capacity of c.900MW in aggregate. Drax is also developing a pipeline of BESS investment opportunities comprising physical assets and capabilities to optimise third-party assets with the provision of route-to-market, floor and tolling structures. In October 2025, Drax agreed to acquire three BESS projects across Scotland and England from Apatura Limited which, when fully commissioned, will provide capacity of c.260MW in aggregate. The Wider Drax Group also has in place agreements for 450MW of tolling contracts, comprising 250MW from a 10-year tolling agreement with West Burton C Limited, a company owned by Fidra Energy, entered into in January 2026, and 200MW from a 15-year tolling agreement with Zenobē Coalburn Limited, entered into in February 2026. In March 2026, Drax completed the acquisition of Flexitricity Limited, a UK-based optimiser of flexible energy assets, with a scalable platform expected to support the Wider Drax Group's ambition to develop a GW scale pipeline of BESS opportunities. The Wider Drax Group continues to evaluate opportunities to maximise value from the Drax Power Station site, including the potential for a c.100MW data centre, as well as other generation sources. Drax's Energy Solutions business sells renewable electricity to industrial and commercial customers in the UK. The Wider Drax Group also operates a biomass pellet production business with 14 operational sites for a combination of own-use and third-party sales. As at 31 December 2025, the Wider Drax Group employed over 2,900 people in the UK, US, Canada and Japan. The Wider Drax Group reported total revenue of £5,391 million in 2025 and Adjusted EBITDA of c.£947 million in the financial year ended 31 December 2025. Drax Bidco is a wholly-owned subsidiary undertaking of Drax. It owns the UK generation portfolio of Drax, being Drax Power Station, the hydro-electric and pumped storage hydro assets, the three OCGT assets and the three BESS projects under development acquired from Apatura Limited. 8 Drax Board Statement The Acquisition constitutes a "significant transaction" for Drax for the purposes of the UK Listing Rules and this Announcement constitutes a notification pursuant to Chapter 7 of the UK Listing Rules. Certain further information required to be notified by Drax pursuant to Chapter 7 of the UK Listing Rules will be set out in the Scheme Document. The Drax Directors believe that the Acquisition is in the best interests of Drax Shareholders as a whole. 9 Information on BSIF BSIF was established in 2013 as the first UK-listed investment company focused primarily on UK solar energy infrastructure. At the time of its IPO, there was no listed vehicle dedicated to this sector and BSIF was therefore a pioneer in creating a new asset class within the UK investment company landscape. BSIF has grown into a scaled and established participant in the UK renewable energy market, building a high-quality portfolio of operational assets alongside a substantial proprietary development pipeline. This growth has been underpinned by the experience, stability and disciplined investment approach of its investment adviser, Bluefield, whose management team has been central to sourcing, developing and operating BSIF's assets. As at 31 December 2025, BSIF had total assets of £639 million. As at 31 December 2025, BSIF owned an operational solar portfolio of 121 photovoltaic plants (consisting of 79 large scale sites, 39 micro sites and 3 roof top sites), 6 wind farms and 109 small scale UK onshore wind turbines, all 100 per cent. owned by BSIF, with a total capacity of 748.7MW. BSIF also has a 25 per cent. stake in a joint venture portfolio of UK solar assets in partnership with GLIL Infrastructure, who own the remaining 75 per cent. The total capacity of the joint venture portfolio is 412.1MW. BSIF's total operating capacity was therefore 851.8MW as at 31 December 2025, composed of 793.5MW of solar and 58.3MW of onshore wind. In addition to the operational portfolio, BSIF benefits from its own proprietary development pipeline. As at 31 December 2025, this consisted of 946MW of solar projects and 1,915MW of BESS projects; 25MW of the pipeline was under construction, 1,204MW was fully consented, 47MW was in planning and 1,585MW was under development. In the financial year ending 30 June 2026, BSIF is expected to generate some 880 GWh of clean energy, enough to power around 326,000 homes, and avoid over 155,000 tonnes of CO ₂ e emissions. 10 Strategic plans, management, employees, pensions, research and development and locations for BSIF Strategic plans Drax Bidco recognises the breadth and quality of BSIF's portfolio of renewable generation assets which will, upon completion of the Acquisition, be integrated into Drax's broader portfolio of generation assets with Drax seeking to leverage its existing capabilities and capital base to enhance operational performance. It was set out in BSIF's announcement of the commencement of its Formal Sale Process on 5 November 2025 that Bluefield, BSIF's manager and provider of a range of services including asset management, operations and maintenance, construction management and project development would also support the sale of its business in tandem with a sale of BSIF. As such, Drax was invited to (and did) conduct due diligence on Bluefield concurrently with the BSIF Formal Sale Process. To date, Drax has declined to make any proposal for the acquisition of Bluefield or the renegotiation of any existing arrangements between the BSIF Group and the Bluefield Group. Drax Bidco intends to enter into further discussions with the partners and management team of Bluefield after the date of this Announcement, with the aim of reaching alignment in respect of these matters within three months following the Effective Date, to identify how Bluefield's expertise and capabilities can most effectively be retained to ensure continuity of stewardship for the BSIF portfolio, which may include an acquisition of all or part of the businesses of the Bluefield Group, the variation of existing contractual arrangements between the Bluefield Group and the BSIF or the continuation of existing contractual arrangements for a period of time following the Effective Date. Board composition and governance arrangements Drax Bidco intends to delist BSIF immediately following the Effective Date. Consequently, Drax Bidco will not require listed company governance structures and accordingly, it is intended that each of the BSIF Directors will step down from the board of directors of BSIF, and the directors of the BSIF Group companies will step down from the boards of each of the BSIF Group companies, upon the Effective Date. Employees, management and pensions As BSIF is an externally-managed investment company, BSIF does not have any employees and therefore does not operate any pension schemes, nor does it have any arrangements in place for any employee involvement in its capital. Headquarters, fixed assets, research and development BSIF has no fixed place of business, fixed assets (other than its renewable generation assets), research and development function or headquarters. Following completion of the Acquisition, and subject to any agreements or arrangements which may be agreed with the partners and management team of Bluefield as mentioned in this paragraph 10 , it is intended that BSIF will be managed from Drax's existing office locations. Asset management arrangements As set out above, Drax Bidco intends to enter into further discussions with the partners and management team of Bluefield, BSIF's manager and provider of a range of services including asset management, operations and maintenance, construction management and project development, after the date of this Announcement, with the aim of reaching alignment in respect of these matters within three months of the Effective Date. Trading facilities It is intended that dealings in, and registration of transfers of, BSIF Shares (other than the registration of the transfer of the Scheme Shares to Drax Bidco pursuant to the Scheme) will be suspended shortly before the Effective Date at a time to be set out in the Scheme Document. It is further intended that applications will be made to the London Stock Exchange to cancel the trading in the BSIF Shares on the main market, and to the FCA to cancel the listing of the BSIF Shares on the Official List, in each case with effect from or shortly following the Effective Date. Further details about the delisting and cancellation of trading of the BSIF Shares can be found in paragraph 14 of this Announcement. Post-offer undertakings No statements in this paragraph 10 are "post-offer undertakings" for the purposes of Rule 19.5 of the Code. 11 Financing The Cash Consideration payable to BSIF Shareholders under the terms of the Acquisition will be entirely debt financed through a £1.1 billion bridge financing facility (and an intra-group loan) to satisfy the certain funds requirement of the Code. J.P. Morgan Cazenove, in its capacity as financial adviser to Drax Bidco, confirms that it is satisfied that sufficient resources are available to Drax Bidco to satisfy in full the Cash Consideration payable to BSIF Shareholders under the terms of the Acquisition. 12 Offer-related arrangements Confidentiality Undertaking BSIF and Drax Corporate entered into a confidentiality agreement on 25 November 2025 (the " Confidentiality Undertaking ") pursuant to which Drax has undertaken to keep confidential certain information relating to, inter alia, the Acquisition and BSIF and not to disclose it to third parties (other than certain permitted parties) unless required by law or regulation. The confidentiality obligations under the Confidentiality Undertaking shall terminate on the earlier of completion of the Acquisition and two years following the date of the Confidentiality Undertaking. The Confidentiality Undertaking also contains customary non-solicit and standstill provisions, applicable for twelve months respectively, in each case subject to customary carve outs. Inducement Fee Agreement BSIF and Drax Bidco have entered into the Inducement Fee Agreement pursuant to which BSIF has agreed to pay to Drax Bidco an inducement fee of an amount in cash equal to £5,481,122, being one per cent. of the Cash Consideration, in the event that a competing offer is made for BSIF by a third party which is not acting in concert with Drax Bidco and such competing offer is declared unconditional or becomes effective. 13 Related Party Transaction with Bluefield As more particularly described below, BSIF has agreed to pay a fee to its investment adviser, Bluefield, in respect of certain out of scope additional services provided by it in connection with the Formal Sale Process and the Acquisition. The agreement to pay such fee constitutes a related party transaction for the purposes of the UK Listing Rules. Bluefield, as BSIF's investment adviser, is a related party of BSIF under the UK Listing Rules. Additional Services Fee In accordance with the existing amended and restated investment advisory agreement dated 21 December 2023 made between BSIF, Bluefield Renewables 1 Limited and Bluefield, as supplemented by an agreement dated 16 February 2026 (the " Investment Advisory Agreement "), BSIF has agreed to pay Bluefield a fee of £1.75 million in respect of the provision of certain out of scope additional services by it in connection with the Formal Sale Process and the Acquisition (the " Additional Services Fee "). The Additional Services Fee relates to certain services provided by Bluefield in connection with the Formal Sale Process and the Acquisition in addition to the usual investment advisory and other services provided by it in accordance with the Investment Advisory Agreement for which Bluefield receives an annual advisory fee. These additional services were extensive and included, among

[truncated]