BETA Close X Drax Group plc has announced the return of its Chief Financial Officer, Frank Lemmink, to work following a leave of absence for health reasons. The company's Board of Directors expressed gratitude to Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Daniel Peacock, for his interim leadership during Mr. Lemmink's absence. This news indicates a return to normal operational leadership within the company's finance department. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 27 May 2026 27 May 2026 Drax Group plc ("Drax", "the Group", "Drax Group", "the Company"; Symbol: DRX) Chief Financial Officer Drax Group is pleased to confirm that its Chief Financial Officer, Frank Lemmink, has returned to work following a leave of absence to support his recovery from a recent health issue. The Company's Board of Directors would like to thank Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Daniel Peacock, for his work as interim Chief Financial Officer for the duration of Frank's leave. Enquiries: Drax Investor Relations: Mark Strafford mark.strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Media: Drax External Communications: Chris Mostyn chris.mostyn@drax.com +44 (0) 7743 963 483 Andy Low andrew.low@drax.com +44 (0) 7841 068 415 Website: www.Drax.com END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and