BETA Close X Drax Group PLC has issued and allotted 220,439 ordinary shares in connection with its employee share plans, including the Sharesave Plan, Sharesave Plan 2024, and Long Term Incentive Plan 2020. These shares were issued between January 19, 2026, and the announcement date and were previously admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 31 March 2026 31 March 2026 Drax Group plc ("Drax" or the "Company"; Symbol: DRX) Issue of shares Issue of shares In conformity with the PRM 1.6.4R, the Company announces that it has issued and allotted 220,439 ordinary shares of 11 16 / 29 pence each in the Company, in connection with the Company's employee share plans set out below. The shares were issued and allotted on various dates between 19 January 2026 and the date of this announcement. These shares were previously admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange Main Market under existing block admissions. Share plan Number of shares issued and allotted Sharesave Plan 33,163 Sharesave Plan 2024 1,861 Long Term Incentive Plan 2020 185,415 Total shares issued and allotted 220,439 Company details: LEI: 549300YPSNTXR4ZHSR98 ISIN: GB00BIVNSX38 - - ENDS - - This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and