Giex

Va

Enebling a secure

\

eneray transition

Company nucter OSS62053

I!

Welcome to our

2025 Annual Report

Orax is a renewable energy company engaged
in generating renewable power, producing
sustainable biomass, and selling renewable
electricity to businesses. We are the UK's
largest single source of renewable electricity.

This year's key takeaways

What we do

Keeping the lights on: how we
support the UK's energy security.
See pages:

Responsible
biomass sourcing
Our responsibility, policies,
and information around
the carbon cycle.

~ See page 22

drax

Learn more about
what we do at
www.drax.com

Looking ahead

Putting in place the structures
to allow the Group to succeed
and grow.

* See page 11

Strategic report

1 Ouryearinnumbers
2 Overview and business model
4 Market context

6 Chairsstatement

8 CEOs review

3 CFOs tnancialreview

16 Key performance indicators

Sustainable Development

19 Introduction

22 Safeguarding responsible
biomass sourcing

25 Climate positive

27 Nature positive

29 People positive

31 TaskForce on Ciimate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)

40. Non-Financial and Sustainabiity
Information Statement

41. Principal risks and uncertainties
49 Viabilty Statement

Governance report

52 Governance at Drax

54 Corporate Governance Report
56 Boardof Directors

60 Section 172 statement

61 Stakeholder engagement

72 Nomination Committee report
77 Audit Committee report

187 Remuneration Committee report
M18 Directors’ report

120 Directors’ responsibilities statement

Financial statements
321 Financial statements contents

122 Independent Ausitor’s report tothe
‘members of Orax Group ple

Shareholder information

250 Shareholder information
253. Glossary

Find out more

Read oueSG report
‘Vint Grex comm /esge

performance-report-

ESA)

(20242€992m)}

(Croupemissions pegownod]
clectricityoenerstiong]

155) CEOze/GWh)
[2024355 COze/GWh)}

[Grouncarson)

fereer core ‘ CFO's
S04 |
(2024 )1"808 ktCOse)} i our biomass]

Rayong Sorc cerning
[persnarey

B79

[202aqi2eaipence))

rTotol baslocorings pegshar)

FrotsLOK cenews0l

WOO%
(2023310)

——

ee fousiness model:

Sx RR

oe

rere

Our guipesa is to anette
Ozsro cartoon, lowarGast
energy fiuaure

Our diversiifisd,
ispatchables

Gitesdbte

enargy for tie UK

aiipeleneraywcyoenerate)
lequatesitorcs2foftine)
UNS tote! power damends

inewhichweoper ste

v A

Employees worldwide

ZSTA

D Seepages

Flexible, renewable,
generation assets

chain

D See pages

Integrated supply

f

| Flexible Generation &
| Energy Solutions

| Pumped storage, hydropower,

} Open Cycle Gas Turbines

} (OCGTS), battery eneray
storage systems (BESS),

Pellet
Production
14 plants: own-use and

third-party supply of
‘responsibly sourced pellets

Drax Power
Station site

The UK's biggest power

station and largest source

of renewable power

| Options

Financial strength

D Seepage 13

as

for growth

Disciplined capital allocation |
policy supports investment

for growth and returns to
shareholders i

Targeting post-2027 Adjusted EBITDA of £600-700m p.a.

Our stakeholders

Workforce Shareholders
and investors

D Seepagesi | 1) Seepage sz

Communities

D) See page 65

Government, Customers
political bodies | and suppliers
and regulators

D seepasess | D 62

Strategicreport Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2025 3

A portfolio aligned to energy security
and the transition to net zero.

FlexGen O11 cweapscey

Our portfolio of flexible generation —_Lanarkand Galloway
‘and energy solutions includes hydropower schemes

Serge and sib penrstor
0,9 cweasscty
occTs(unentuly =

commissioned) “

Options for growth

Options to invest in growth - energy
security, data centres, and flexible,
renewable energy, including GW scale
pipeline of BESS opportunities.

Drax Power Station site ~ development
of options to utilise AGW of capacity
and grid access, Planning application

in development for potential option for
CADOMWW data centre, Ambition to grow

0. 4 0. 7. .* . *: to >1GW data centre post 2031. Develop
5 GW capacity 10 f GWeapacity ¢ ‘system support capabilities and FlexGen.
Cruachan pumped storage BESS i

hydro power station (when fully commissioned)

Pellet Production

Sar _

Drax Power
A vertically integrated producer, user, oe Station site
buyer, and seller of sustainable biomass. Q
Producing wood pellets for use for x The 4GW size comprises four fully flexible
Generation st Drax Power Stationand = and independent biomass units providing
for contracted sales to third partis in 2.6GWof capacity for secure 24/7
Asia and Europe ~ renewable power - capable of generating

enough renewable electricity to power the
equivalent cf over eight million homes - and

| CSM oacr « 7 '3 wide range of system support services.
men i >
pa. of capacity Pett poy us 7° Inadition the ste has a further 1.36W
Across tos Pe

actipoy | of grid access
\ OE ear
TS  stnesintne usa and conae i

cy GrenGranpets cel sans ew sweats 22D

Market contac.

The gicdal energy landscape in 2025 continued to evelve’ : ef |
amid 8 complex landscape of geopolitical, economic, so! ;
and trade tensions, the priorkisatiion of enargy security, :
and sccaierating camend for power, :

Ongaing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East,

combined with the reshaping of intamsetional trade.

.

and heightened conceamns over energy resilience.

Asa result, Security of supply hes re-emerged as the

‘This chk has tnlueanaad haw counties Gaston

Ora, Ghreugh eur fade

ganaretiien Seretieey,
and suppart thelr anargy transition, In seme suateinetits Stones arecluetion, and in tre
advanesd caoramtas, Ge aRERESS hes mrad) — lege’ Farm Sokal Ker Carton KamONElS,
Strom nek zare toes ensuring rates, . Balgnad t this drenga By dalvaring
eifforceils, and saeure cnargy Emnergiig dkgetcretils, tow-eartan greurar wire fe :
InehEeriss = trem Al and Gets GanrES BO ipottegsimostaog dlevetag a gougsustaigabic}
chectrifted mEnumeeuring - are driving, Glommss supply chen, weere wall ateead &
tnarcasad cement ter eelistale enaray, ep poqigiobslegeiaycystem soa dicogtguc)
Thegazan will naad ko menege supEy wodevdtop aur business with Sanath t our
Romack chase granting damands, wile iso invastars and steelers.

bafensing eitterckiility and caearbentsetton,
°

1 strategic report

Strengthen focus on
UK security of supply

Drax continues to contribute to security of supply and grid
resilience in the UK. In 2025, across our biomass, pumped
storage, and hydro assets, Drax generated around 11% of the
UK's renewable power.

In 2025, Drax agreed a new low carbon dispatchable contract
for difference (CD) with the UK Government for the operation
of Drax Power Station from 2027 to 2031.

The low carbon dispatchable CD will support UK energy
security into the 2030s and deliver a net saving for consumers
compared to alternative sources of dispatchable low carbon or
renewable generation, whilst supporting the rollout of
intermittent renewable generation (wind and solar).

‘An independent analysis" estimated consumer savings of up to
£3. billion over the four-year term, while ensuring Drax Power
Station helps to keep the lights on for millions of homes and
businesses, no matter the weather. The new agreement
includes enhanced biomass sustainability requirements, which
the Group is confidentit can meet due to its commitment to
delivering positive outcomes for the climate, nature, and people.

Alongside these developments, energy storage solutions,
primarily short duration battery energy storage systems
(BESS) is increasingly recognised as a potentially effective
‘means of helping to manage power systems which are
‘becoming increasingly dependent on intermittent renewables.

(1) netosshvwerarax.com/wp-concent/vpoads/2025/02/Barings Report,
February 2025.00

Evolving policy frameworks

Despite a more challenging global political, regulatory and
policy landscape, support remains favourable to dispatchable
generation and renewables, which can support energy
security. While carbon removals remains an important feature
of long-term policy, inthe short-term support now less certain,

{In the UK, the Clean Power 2030 Action Plan and the National
Energy System Operator's (NESO's) long-term system
planning explicitly recognise biomass will play an important
‘ole by providing flexible or firm generation. The UK
Government also widely acknowledges the role that carbon
dioxide removals (CDRs) will playin achieving the UK's Carbon
Budgets and legally binding net-zero target.

‘The UK Government's Common Biomass Sustainability
Framework proposes ambitious but achievable new
sustainability criteria for future biomass schemes. However,
Clarity about the final sustainability criteria as well as action
from industry, Government and regulators to implement them
‘and communicate more fully the value of sustainable biomass,
to the systems also required.

Inthe US, the Trump Administration is placing a fresh emphasis
con domestic energy infrastructure whilst simultaneously
moving away from international climate change organisations.
President Trump's landmark legislation aims to strengthen
energy resilience to support the electrification of the US
economy and growth in data centres with a focus on baseload
power - primarily via fossil Fuels. The Administration and
Congress remain strongly supportive of carbon capture, one of
the few incentives preserved and enhanced during the recent
‘reconciliation process that overhauled the Inflation Reduction
‘Act. Similarly, the Administration supports sound forest
management practices and recognises the potential for
biomass domestically and internationally.

Inthe EU, policymakers are considering an extension to the EU
Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) to include CDRs and linking
the EU ETS with the UK ETS. This has the potential to align
carbon pricing between the UK and the EU, as wellas create a
sizeable compliance market for high-integrity carbon removals

Drax Gtoup ple Annual report and accounts 2025

Delivering the power
behind a reliable transition

Globally, the market focus continues to shift, increasingly
centred on reliable and dispatchable generation. New demand,
which we believe will continue to grow, requires power that

js not just clean, but dispatchable. This isin line with NESO's
Future Energy Scenarios, which show a potential doubling

of total demand for electricity in the UK over the coming
decades, as well as an increase in curtailment of wind and
‘eduction in dispatchable thermal generation.

e
Our FlexGen and Biomass Generation strategies are well suited
to meet these evolving needs, and the Group is actively taking
steps to add BESS to enable it to provide fast response and

'3 wider range of system support services from its FlexGen
portfolio, Similarly, the new low-carbon dispatchable CFD.
‘provides options to ensure Drax Power Station continues to
‘support the regional economy and the UK's energy system.

{As the global energy architecture evolves, Drax remains
‘committed to creating value and growth in the short, medium,
‘and iong term, aligned to global energy needs. With our
generation portfolio, resilient biomass supply chain, and
carbon removal ambitions, we are well placed to enable
Zero carbon, lower cost energy future

6 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2025

Chair's statement

Andrea Bertone
Chair

We aim to deliver c.£3 billion
of free cash flow from the
business which can support
investment in energy security,
data centres, and flexible,
renewable energy

Introduction

2025 was a strong year for the Group. Operationally, we
produced large volumes of flexible and renewable energy to

the UK, supporting energy security, and backed up by our North
‘American supply chain. Financially, our earnings and cash flows
were strong, supporting a strong balance sheet, investment in
the business and returns to shareholders.

Strategy

Between 2025 and 2031, we aim to deliver c.€3 billion of free
‘cash flow from the business which can support investment in
energy security, data centres, and flexible, renewable energy
in the UK, underpinning long-term value creation and attractive
returns for shareholders.

Reflecting growing UK power demand, combined with an
increased reliance on intermittent and inflexible generation,
Drax expects to grow its FlexGen portfolio which can support
energy security and the continued deployment of renewables.
We see battery energy storage systems (BESS) as an important
new technology for our FlexGen portfolio and are developing

2 gigawatt (GW)-scale pipeline of opportunities. Since October
2025, Drax has signed an agreement to acquire three BESS
projects which, when fully commissioned, will provide capacity
totalling 260MW, and an asset optimisation platform. We also
‘agreed long-term toling agreements for a further 450MW.

The Group is assessing options for other renewables, which
can complement its FlexGen model

The Group is also focused on options to maximise value from
the Drax Power Station site. This could utilise multiple generation
technologies - including its existing biomass generation as well
28 flexible, renewable energy, to continue to support energy
security. This could also, potentially, meet the power demands

of alarge-scale data centre.

In November 2025, we signed a low carbon ispatchable CID
with the UK Government to cover all four biomass units at
Drax Power Station aver the period April 2027 to March 2031.
This was a significant milestone for the Group and will help
support UK energy security into the 2030s and deliver a net
saving for consumers compared to alternative sources of
dispatchable generation.

People and values

‘Throughout the year | continued to engage with stakeholders,
including shareholders and colleagues, regulators and suppliers,

| wou'd like to thank all colleagues for their hard work, dedication,
{and expertise in helping us deliver a strong result in 2025, and
their continued commitment to our purpose and the delivery

of our strategy. Will Gardiner and | continue to enjoy meeting
colleagues and attending the employee MyVoice Forums,

which always provide open, rich conversations on a wide range
of topics and which help to inform Board discussions.

Following the signing of the low carbon dispatchable CD, we
{are working to put in place the right organisation and operating
models, combined with a high-performance culture which can
‘support growth and success in the future. As a result, during
2025, the Group commenced a reorganisation process on
cchanges to roles in certain areas of the business. This process
will continue in 2026.

Governance, compliance and sustainability
Good governance, compliance and sustainability are
prerequisites for a well-run company and long-term success

We recognise the importance of these matters and over the
last five years we have continued to invest in governance and
‘compliance functions as the footprint of the business has grown.
Progress is ajourney and there are always opportunities to
evolve and improve.

In August 2025, the UK's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
commenced an investigation into the Company, covering the
period January 2022 to March 2024, relating to certain historical
statements regarding Drax’s biomass sourcing and the
Compliance of Drax’s 2027, 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports with
the Listing Rules and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules. This process is ongoing, and we will continue to co-
operate with the FCA as part of their investigation.

In December 2025, the Group was awarded an A rating by CDP
for its carbon and forestry reporting. This is @ year-on-year
improvement and reflects the Group's continued commitment
{0 sustainability in its widest sense. This places Drax in the top
‘4% of those companies that the COP reports on globally.

‘Strategic report

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2025 7

Board changes

In December 2024, Andy Skelton, Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
announced his intention to retire from the Board and his role

as CFO. Andy continued to work until August 2025 and stepped
down from the Board on 1 September 2025 and retired from
the Group in December 2025. | would lke to thank Andy for

his outstanding service to the Group over the past six years.

Throughout 2025, the Nomination Committee worked on the
recruitment of Andy's replacement, and on 1 September 2025
we were delighted to welcome Frank Lemmink as the new CFO.
Frank has held senior finance and risk management roles over
20-year international career with Shell plc. Frank’s experience
includes upstream energy with responsibilty for business
performance, strategies for long-term, sustainable growth and
performance, and he has also worked in renewables and energy
solutions, M&A, and internal audit. Frank's experience is,
invaluable as we develop our plans for the Group.

In February 2026, we were pleased to appoint Mark Clare as
a Non-Executive Director.

Finally, Nicola Hodson stepped down from the Board in May
2025. | would like to thank Nicola for her contribution to Drax.

Summary

In 2025, we generated a record level of renewable generation
‘across our portfolio of flexible and renewable generation assets
‘28 we continue to play an important ole in the UK eneray
system, supporting energy security. This has resulted in a strong
financial performance and returns to shareholders.

At the same time, we have made good progress with our
strategy, which is well aligned with our purpose and the
challenge of energy security, affordability, and decarbonisation
(the eneray trilemma). We are excited for the opportunities that
2026 and beyond will bring, as we seek to deliver long-term value
Creation for stakeholders and realise our purpose of enabling 2
zero carbon, lower cost energy future.

Andrea Bertone
Chair

25 February 2026

66

| would like to thank all colleagues

for their hard work, dedication, and

expertise in helping us deliver a strong

result in 2025, and their continued

commitment to our purpose and the

delivery of our strategy.” v7

8 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2025

CEO's review

Will Gardiner
ceo

During 2025, Drax was the
sixth largest source of power,
the third largest source of
dispatchable power, and

the second largest source of
renewable energy in the UK

Introduction
Energy security, affordability, and decarbonisation remained
important themes in 2025 and at Drax - which sits at the heart
of the UK eneray system - we are continuing to play our part
in addressing these issues,

In 2025, we delivered a strong operational and financial
performance, providing the reliable renewable electricity,
flexibility, and system support services that the grid needs.

During 2025, Drax was the sixth largest source of power, the
third largest source of dispatchable power, and the second
largest source of renewable energy in the UK. Our dispatchable
24/7 generation portfolio, backed up by our resilient North
‘American supply chain, enables us to supply large-scale reliable
renewable power to the UK. And through our flexibiliy, we are
‘an enabler of more renewables on the system, supporting lower
overall system costs and decarbonisation.

In 2025, we also celebrated 60 years of operations at Cruachan
Power Station and 10 years of operations for our Pellet
Production business in the US South. These milestones show
‘our continuing long-term support for energy security and the
advancement of renewable energy. | would lke to thank all our
dedicated colleagues in these businesses and across the Group
for their continued professionalism and commitment.

‘The ‘Future Energy Scenarios’ report, published by NESO, shows
‘8 potential doubling of electricity demand over the next 25 years
8s electrification supports decarbonisation and economic.
‘growth. Our four operational power stations are helping to meet
this challenge and we are developing a further three Open Cycle
Gas Turbine (CGT) and three BESS projects, with additional
toling agreements.

‘We also see more opportunities to meet this rise in demand and,
to that end, we are continuing to develop options for investment in
flexible, renewable energy and for the utilisation of the AGW Drax
Power Station site. The latter could utilise multiple generation
technologies - including its existing biomass generation, as well as
‘other flexible, renewable energy ~ to continue to support energy
security. Using multiple technologies also has the potential to
‘meet the power demands of a large-scale data centre and, in the
long term, has the potential for carbon removals from bioenergy
with carbon capture and storage (BECCS), subject to the right
Government policies and commercial arrangements.

The Group is also assessing options for other renewables, which
‘can complement its FlexGen model.

‘These opportunities are built on a firm base. Our balance sheet is
strong, and the business is generating significant free cash flow.
We stand ready to invest in our strategy and opportunities to
create value from our asset base, and will be disciplined on
capital allocation, as we seek to maximise shareholder value.

Safety

Safety must always be a primary focus, and, in 2025, we have
‘not performed at the level we expect. The Total Recordable
Incident Rate (TRIR) was 0.33 (2024: 0.24), The increase is partly
attributable to the disposal of the Opus Eneray business, where
a significant number of hours were worked with a very low
incident rate, We also continue to track leading indicators of
‘near miss and hazard identification rates, where performance
has been much stronger, in addition to the lagging TRIR indicator,
{and these both represent key targets for the Group.

‘Summary of 2025
Adjusted EBITDA of £947 milion, represents an 11% decrease
‘on 2024 (E7,064 milion). This reflects a strong operational and
financial performance, with a continued high level of renewable
ower generation and system support services, partially
offsetting lower average achieved power prices.

Our balance
sheet is strong,
and the business
is generating
significant free
cash flow.” 1

Strategic report

Drax Group plc Annual report and accounts 2025, 9

Through a disciplined approach
to capital allocation and
development costs, we expect
to create opportunities for
investment in growth and value
creation, underpinned by strong
cash generation and attractive
returns for shareholders.”

‘Our balance sheet is strong, with total cash and committed
facilities of £942 million and Net debt of £784 milion. Net debt
to Adjusted EB TDA is less than 1 times - significantly below the
Group's target of around 2 times.

In ine with our policy to pay a sustainable and growing dividend,
the Group plans to pay a total dividend for 2025 of 28.0 pence
per share. This is an increase of over 11% on 2024 (26.0 pence
peer share). Since the policy's inception in 2017, the annual
average rate of dividend growth has been c.11%.

‘Throughout the year, the Group has remained focused on
shareholder value. In October 2025, the Group completed a
£300 million share buyback programme, which had commenced
in August 2024. The Group subsequently began a £450 million
share buyback programme (first announced in July 2025), with
‘aninitial £75 milion tranche. in aggregate, during 2025, the
share buyback programmes have purchased c.34 million shares
for c.€221 million. When combined with dividend payments this
represents total returns to shareholders of c.£317 million

during 2025.

Low carbon dispatchable CfD

In November 2025, Drax signed a low carbon dispatchable CFO.
with the UK Government to provide c.6TWh of biomass
‘generation pa between April 2027 and March 2031 ~ equivalent.

t0.€.30% of baseload output - with a strike prise of £109.90/
MWh (2012 real). In addition, we have the optian to produce
merchant generation above the cap, and provide system support
and ancillary services.

The agreement includes a mechanism for Drax to request up
to SOOMW to power a data centre during this period. This
‘mechanism is subject to agreement with the UK Government,
taking into account factors including value for money for
consumers, energy security, and sustainability.

We expect the contract to provide increased v'sibility on EBITDA
from the asset between 2027 and 2031. We also believe that
Drax Power Station will continue to play a long-term role in the
UK energy system through the 2030s.

Flexible Generation & Energy Solutions (FlexGen)

Pumped Storage and Hydro

Adjusted EBITDA was £111 milion (2024: £13€ milion). During
2025, we progressed a major programme of planned outage
‘works at Cruachan Power Station. This included an upgrade to the
main inlet valves on all four units, in addition to a programme of
‘works to upgrade transformers that completed in January 2026.

‘Taking into account this planned programme o* outage we
believe that this represents @ good underlying performance,
‘and reflects continued demand for dispatchable and renewable
ower generation and system support services.

‘Work continues on the £80 million investment :0 refurbish and
upgrade units 3 and 4 through to 2027. This is underpinned by
2 15-year Capacity Market agreement worth over £220 million
in revenue. The work is expected to add 40MW of additional
capacity by 2027 and improve unit operations.

occts
In the first half of 2026, we expect to take control of Hirwaun
Power, the first of three new OCGTs. The second and third sites
‘are expected to commence commissioning in 2026, which is later
than originally planned, primarily due to delays n grid connection
by the relevant authorities.

The OCGTS will provide combined capacity of c SOOMW and be
remunerated under 15-year Capacity Market agreements, worth
‘over £260 million in revenue. This isin addition to revenues from
‘peak power generation and system support services.

tj

Between October
2024 and September
2025 Drax Power
Station generated

over 5% of the UK's
electricity and c.10%
of its renewable
power."

We have previously considered divestment of these assets, once
Commissioned, but the changing generation mix in the UK means
that flexible generation assets ‘will become more important to
the energy transition. This increased value informs our decision
to retain these grid-balancing assets in the portfolio once
commissioned

Energy Solutions .

Adjusted EBITDA in Energy Solutions was £49 milion

(2024: €51 million) comprised of £54 million from our Industrial
‘and Commercial (I&C) and renewables services business

(2024: £81 million) partially offset by a loss of £5 milion from
‘our Small- and Medium-sized Enterprise (SME) business (Opus)
(2024: a loss of £30 milion).

Alongside supplying renewable energy, our !&C business is
increasingly active in the provision of value-adding services.
These services include asset ortimisation and a route-to-market
for around 2,000 embedded third-party renewable assets with
capacity of over 800MW.

In May 2025, the Group completed the sale of the remaining
non-core Opus Energy SME customer meter points. We expect
the sale to be supportive of the Group's target for post-2027
Adjusted EBITDA, with a leaner and more focused I&C business
better able to support customers’ energy needs and
<decarbonisation objectives. *

0 rax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2025

CEO's review continued

Pellet Production

Adjusted EBITDA of £129 milion was 2 10% decrease on 2024
{E143 milion), although production increased incrementally and
included the full-year impact of the expansion of the Aliceville
pellet plant (commissioned in H1 2024),

‘The lower level of EBITDA reflects the cost-plus transfer pricing
methodology used for biomass supplied from operations in the
US South to Drax Power Station. Under this established
arrangement, ifthe Pellet Production business reduces its cost
base, its sales revenues to the UK business also reduce, resulting
inlower Adjusted EBITDA. The offset to this is a lower cost of
biomass for Drax Power Station, which results in higher EBITDA
at the Group level. This situation illustrates the benefit of the
integrated value chain between operations in the US South and
Drax Power Station, and our ongoing focus on opportunities to
reduce cost.

‘The Group's Canadian business, which primarily sells pellets into
Asia under legacy contracts, is more challenged, and we continue
to.assess options to improve its financial performance. This,
Contributed to the decision, announced in December 2025,

to close the pellet plant in Williams Lake, British Columbia. In
addition, we closed two small satelite plants in the US, with
volumes consolidated into larger plants in the region.

Separately, reflecting lower biomass requirements under the low
carbon dispatchable CTO, the Group does not currently expect
to invest in adcitional capacity - including the paused Longview
project in Washington State (US) ~ in the short to medium term,

Drax Power Station

Adjusted EBITDA of £725 million was a decrease of 11% on 2024
(€814 million). This reflects a combination of lower forward
contracted prices compared to 2024, partially offset by @
Continued high level of generation and value from renewable
Certificates. In addition, there were no major planned ovtages
in 2025.

Between October 2024 and September 2025 (the mos: recent
period for which datas available), Drax Power Station generated
over 5% of the UK's electricity and around 10% of its renewable
power. During this period, it produced, on average, 19% of the
UK's renewable power at times of peak demand and on certain
days over 50%.

During 2025, low wind speeds led to lower proportions of wind
generation and higher demand for electricity from Drax Power
Station, illustrating its ongoing importance to security of supply
inthe UK.

‘The Group remains focused on opportunities to maximise value
from its existing asset base. In March 2025, we entered into a
20-year joint venture agreement with Power Minerals Limited
{that will alow for the development of a facility adjacent to Orax
Power Station. This facility which will process pulverised fuel ash
into a material which can be sold to the construction industry and
Used in the production of cement with a lower carbon footprint.

The new facility is expected to begin operations by the end of
2026, and we believe the project could generate incremental
Adjusted EBITDA of c.€5 million pa for Drax post-2027 through
to 2046, There is no capital investment required by Drax.

Development expenditure

Development expenditure of £74 milion in 2025 was a reduction
(of 5% on 2024 (E78 million). This reflects a significant reduction
in the Elimini business, following one-off costs during its
establishment in 2024 and minimal spend on BECCS, partially
offset by additional OCGT commissioning costs.

‘The current regulatory environment in the UK and US makes the
‘isk-return profile on carbon removal projects less attractive in
the short term. Through its Elimini business, the Group continues
to see carbon removals via biomass and other technologies 3s

2 cost-effective way to deliver both energy security and high
integrity carbon removals at scale. Accordingly, the Group will
maintain its options for long-term development in the carbon
removals market but expects to commit limited resources for
the foreseeable future. Elimini will also support the development
‘of new biomass markets.

Reflecting these considerations, the Group expects future
development costs to increasingly focus on more short- and
‘medium-term opportunities in FlexGen and Drax Power Station.
Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow targets from the
existing business

The Group continues to target post-2027 Adjusted EBITDA

‘of £600-700 million pa before development expenditure.

Our balance sheet is strong, with
total cash and committed facilities
of £942 million and Net debt of
£784 million, Net debt to Adjusted
EBITDA is less than 1 times -
significantly below the Group's
target of around 2 times.”

Reflecting growing UK power demand, combined with an
increased system reliance on intermittent and inflexible
‘generation, Drax expects to grow its FlexGen portfolio to
‘comprise a greater proportion of total Adjusted EBITDA over time.

Draxis targeting free cash flow of c-£3 billion (2025-2031), based
(on strong cash flows from the current business (2025-2026),
together with targeted Adjusted EBITDA (2027-2031), plus working
capita, less maintenance capital expenditure, interest and tax.

‘The Group's capital allocation policy is unchanged. Drax expects
to initially allocate more than €1 billion of free cash flow to
‘shareholder returns (2025-2051). This s inclusive of the ongoing
£450 milion three-year share buyback programme, and the
continuation of its long-standing policy to pay a sustainable

‘and growing dividend.

Drax expects to allocate up to ¢ £2 billion to incremental
investment, primarily in the flexible and renewable energy
the UK needs, as well as opportunities to maximise value
from the Drax Power Station site,

Returns to shareholders and investment for growth follow a
capital ranking process which aims to maximise risk adjusted
returns to shareholders.