Delivering dispatchable,
renewable power

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022

Nog

XI

I
=t-3
s

20042023
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Re ey
ae

9¢ abed =
vo ayaudoranag aiqeuiersns peay =|

'ssaaons pue
asodund sno 02 yes60qU! 5} AqeuIEIsNS

21 26ed mamnoy $030 [>]
au peay G=|

21 a6ed mainay 5,030 PP
au peay

(59938) a6es03s pue asmdeo uoqueo yaym
'A6,9u2019 40} sanjunoddo 6uidojanaq

21 aGed mainay 5,030
aun peay

‘Axoedeo uononposd 291190 Buippy

21 a6ed mainay s,039 [=
auipeay GE,

wayshs samod >in a4 02 Aalsnoas pue
‘Ayniqeas Buipinosd ajo eaya149 @ pakeig

uimop pun paduze) 99 Ue>Jomod an wou MO a
samod ajgemauay ‘ajaeuniedsip 6uaniag

syy6isut pue sonsneas saoinos odessa =
“exep Bunsoddns ewoxg LJ unmmasyun GI

Sulpeas soyung

2 00 ave 1202) 2200M S82'L 'LZ02)
BOOM E2LE 30071 699

Ladoos suo|ssiwavogieddnosg —_Z pue | adods suoIssiWa UoqueD dnos9,

Qwv¢ :L202)

wes

(UMO{27092 BL :L202)
4YM9/2°09) 67

paonpo.d s3aI10d pom, ‘Ayjsuaqu! voqies dnoig

(%6< :L202) (220 L202)
%EL vv0

21095 quawabebua aaKojdw3 ‘aye, qwapI9u) 21qepI0095 [e201

(wa6e3 ‘L202)

WLEZS

«Svonesado panunuoasip
pue 6uinunuod wos vaLIE3 PaIsnipY

(wz613 :L202)

W9orL3

«ayord Bunesado je10,

(weor't3 1202) (@ovad 9102 L202)

w902'L3 aouad "LZ

1927 22N aueys sad s6u1Ue3,

(@ovad g'@1 1202) (zt :L202)

aouad O'LZ %LL

parevaua6 Ar191s209)9

aseys Jed puapinia aigemauas yn 1e103 Jo abeqUa9I0q

(wee0's3 ‘Lz02) (wet's3 L202)
Wg/273 W6SL'8S

‘anuanas e201 w2nuana parsnipy

saysiybiy 953 /leroueul4

Our purpose is to enable a zero
carbon, lower cost energy future

If we are to avert a climate catastrophe, more urgent action must be
taken to get to net zero. As an integral part of the energy sector, | believe
Drax has a pivotal role to play in driving the transition to renewable
electricity by enabling a more flexible energy system which can deliver
secure, renewable power when the sun doesn't shine and the wind
doesn't blow and, in 2022, Drax continued to play an important role

in supporting the security of energy supply in the UK.

Carbon dioxide removal technology is widely regarded as being essential
to global efforts to reach net zero. We have ambitions to lead the world
with our bioenergy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS) technology,
which can generate secure, renewable electricity and permanently
remove CO, from the atmosphere.

Sustainable biomass is recognised as having the potential to play an
important role in tackling the climate crisis and displacing fossil fuels.
As the world's leading sustainable biomass generation, production,
and supply business, Drax.is committed.to ensuring the biomass

we use delivers positive outcomes for the forests we source from and
the people living in and around them.

| passionately believe that a thriving biomass industry, which sources
the right biomass in a sustainable way, contributes to healthy forests:
whether by providing an outlet for sawmill residuals or.by using low
quality wood that is unsuitable for use in a sawmill. We work closely
with rural communities, providing and supporting jobs for people from
different backgrounds in Canada and the southeast of the US.

Our commitment to sustainability sits at the heart of everything we do,
helping to ensure we have a positive impact on the climate, nature,

and people. In this report we'll explain how we are delivering our purpose
to enable a zero carbon, lower cost energy future,

Will Gardiner, CEO

Contents

| Strategic report

Strategic report

2 Ourrole in the transition to net zero

4 Market context

6 Ataglance

8 Business model

10 Chair's statement

12 CEOreview

18 Key performance indicators

20 Financial review

26 Stakeholder engagement

26 Section 172 Statement

36 Sustainable development

40 Biomass sourcing

47 Climate Positive

52 Task Force on Climate Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

63 Nature Positive

66 People Positive

75 Viability statement

77 Principal risks and uncertainties

Governance

94 Letter from the Chair

97 Board of Directors

100 Corporate governance report

111 Nomination Committee report
116 Audit Committee report

127 Remuneration Committee report
158 Directors’ report

162 Directors’ responsibilities statement
163 Verification statements

Financial statements

166 Financial statements contents

167 Independent Auditor's report to the
members of Drax Group pic

Shareholder information

284 Shareholder information

287 Alternative performance
measures glossary

289 Glossary

291 Company information

Our strategic objectives are aligned
to net zero targets:

@

To be a global leader in
sustainable biomass pellets

To bea global leader
in carbon removals

To be a UK leader in
dispatchable, renewable
generation

= Read more in our business
=] model on page 8

Orax Group ple Annual report and accounts 20221

Strategic report

Our role in the transition to net zero

To address the climate crisis and limit global warming to
1.5°C, we need more renewable energy, and more flexible
energy systems to make the best use of wind and solar.

How Drax is enabling the transition to net zero:

How, do we reduce carbon)
ina sustainable wa

By being a global leader in Forest Electricity supplied

sequestration to national grid

sustainable biomass pellets of carbon

Sustainably sourced biomass is a renewable,

low carbon source of energy and a key

element in the road to net zero. This is at the

heart of our purpose. Sustainable biomass can

play an important role in supporting forest

health. Well-managed forests are effective at

absorbing and storing carbon dioxide (CO.)

from the atmosphere. Replantation
of forest

We are committed to sourcing sustainable

biomass that achieves both decarbonisation

and positive forest outcomes. Drax forms

part of a wider forest industry where forest .
management and felling is used primarily Biomass
for producing material for construction and used as fuel

manufacturing. The material we use to make

pellets includes sawmill and forest residuals,

and low-grade roundwood ~ material of a

lower grade which is unsuitable for use in a

sawmill. Using these materials can also help

prevent the spread of fire, pests, and disease

by reducing stand density to healthier levels v = Carbon captured,

and removing deadwood which can attract Pellet plant transported and stored

insects and pathogens. * oof - + ‘by BECCS
“includes low-grade roundwood

By diligent sourcing of these materials to

make pellets, our activity can help forest

owners, and the larger forest industry, i . . . .
make the best use of forests, achieving both “Without biomass, we'te not going to make it.

decarbonisation and positive forest outcomes. We need:biomass in:the mix, but the right
fi

biomass in:the mix.”
Find out more about sustainably sourced
biomass on page 40

2 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022

Our ambition:

Strategic report

However, wind and solar are
intermittent and when the wind
isn’t blowing and the sun isn’t
shining, we need to look to other
sources of power.

Our ambition is to become
carbon negative by 2030, This
means that we will be removing
more carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere than we produce
throughout our direct business
operations globally - creating a
carbon negative company.

Read more in our
business model on page 8

How can we permanently remove
carbon from the atmosphere?

By being a global leader in carbon
removals

Alongside carbon emission reductions, carbon removal
technologies are needed to remove carbon from the
atmosphere. With an effective carbon removals policy and
the right investment framework from the UK Government,
we could deploy bioenergy with carbon capture and storage
(BECCS) on two of our existing biomass generating units in
the UK to remove 8Mt of CO2 each year by 2030. And we are
targeting 12Mt of carbon removals globally by 2030.

Read more about BECCS in the CEO Review
on page 12

lWplto,9.5bnitonnes of carboniremovalsy
Via, BECCS¥could Delrequired/annually,
iby/2050,toreachgiobal[net-zero.targetsy

Source: intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change (IPCC), April 2022

How do we keep the lights on
during the transition to more
intermittent renewable energy?

By being a UK leader in dispatchable,
renewable power

Moving away from fossil fuels means building an electricity
system that is primarily based on renewables. Supporting
wind and solar, by providing electricity at times of low
sunlight or wind levels, will require flexible sources of
generation, such as biomass. Our pumped storage and
run-of-river hydro stations also help to reinforce the UK's
renewable energy mix.

The dispatchable generating assets at Drax remain critical
to providing UK power system stability and security as the
war in Ukraine continues to put global energy markets
under considerable pressure. Over the 2022-23 winter,
our assets generated renewable power when the country
needed it most. This has helped the UK to provide energy
to consumers and businesses while maintaining its target
of net zero by 2050.

Read about our planned expansion of
Cruachan power station on page 17

[Ensuring the electricity systemiis reliable)
tolbe complemented by, technologies}

Source: UK Government, Biomass Policy
Lo, Statement, November 2021

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022

Strategic report

Market context

Our role in delivering a secure and renewable
energy system, tackling climate change, sustaining
healthy forests and habitats, and promoting

socio-economic growth

2022 was a challenging year for the global
community. The after-effects of Covid-19
and the continuing effect of Russia's
invasion of Ukraine combined to have an
impact on the social, economic, and
political fabric of most countries around
the world. Developed economies
experienced rising demand, high energy
costs, and supply chain issues, driving
inflation and resulting in a cost of living
crisis for many people.

Bolstering energy security

In 2022, Drax generated 11% of the UK's
renewable electricity - more than any
other generator. This electricity comes
from Drax Power Station - fuelled by
sustainable biomass - in North Yorkshire
and our pumped storage and hydro sites
in Scotland.

We continue to playa critical role in
ensuring the UK's security of energy
supply, whilst also supporting thousands
of jobs across the UK, both directly and
through our supply chain. Drax helps to
keep the lights on when the wind doesn’t
blow and the sun doesn't shine. Unlike
wind or solar, our sites provide secure,
dispatchable, renewable power whatever
the weather - supporting grid stability.

Now more than ever, the UK needs to
invest in domestic security of supply while
also decarbonising the grid and meeting

BS:

11%

In 2022 Drax generated 11%
of the UK's renewable electricity

In the UK, sterling’s weakness and

12 months of unprecedented political and
economic challenge compounded these
issues. Despite this, governments in the
UK, North America, mainland Europe and
Asia continue to remain focused on
delivering a decarbonisation agenda,
both domestically and globally, Together,
they aim to reduce the energy system's
reliance on fossil fuels and help tackle
climate change.

climate targets, There is only one
technology that can generate reliable
and renewable electricity while removing
carbon dioxide from the earth's
atmosphere: bioenergy with carbon
capture and storage (BECCS).

The project is well-developed, the
technology is proven within the industry,
and an investment decision could be taken
in 2024, subject to the right investment
framework, with a first BECCS unit
operational in 2027 and a second in 2030.
BECCS could remove millions of tonnes

of carbon from the atmosphere and create
focal, national, and global opportunities.

Scaling up BECCS could help get the

UK to net zero faster and kickstart

a new green economy in the Humber,
supporting thousands of jobs and creating
opportunities across the North of England.

And it could allow the UK to lead the world
in carbon removals. i

4 DraxGroup ple Annual report and accounts 2022

Rising global acceptance
of BECCS

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change (IPCC) is the world’s leading
authority on climate science. It states
that carbon dioxide removal (CDR)
methods, including BECCS, are needed
to mitigate residual emissions and keep
the world on a pathway to limit warming
to 1.5°C,

The illustrative mitigation pathways
assessed in the IPCC's latest report use
significant volumes of CDRs, including
BECCS, as a tool for mitigating climate
change. IPCC modelling shows that
between 0.5 and 9.5 billion tonnes of
CDRs, via BECCS, could be required
annually by 2050 to reach global net zero
targets. The UN-backed Principles for
Responsible Investment estimate that
the CDR market could be worth over

a trillion dollars by 2050.

In 2022, progress was made in global
policies relating to carbon removal
technologies. Despite the significant
political uncertainty in the UK,

the Government published several
consultations and bills that demonstrated
support for BECCS. These included
publishing the Power BECCS Business
Model Consultation, the GGR Business
Model Consultation and the Energy Bill.
Zero Carbon Humber, of which Drax

is a member, supports the ambitions

of the East Coast Cluster consortium
which was chosen as a priority cluster.

In addition, Drax awaits the outcome

of its bid into the "Track 1" Power BECCS
submission process and publication

of the Government's Biomass Strategy.

Over a trillion dollars

The UN-backed Principles for Responsible
Investment estimate that the CDR market
could be worth over a trillion dollars by 2050.

The international environment for BECCS
continued to develop favourably in 2022.
A growing number of governments and
key stakeholders around the world
recognise that deplaying BFCCS at srale
will be critical to delivering on climate
targets. At COP27, the IPCC released

a synthesis of long-term low emission
development strategies of 53 countries.
Over a quarter of these strategies mention
BECCS as part of their plans to limit global
temperatures. As a result, we have seen
significant developments to support
BECCS deployment. In the US, the
landmark climate bill - known as the
Inflation Reduction Act - includes an
uplift in Funding and tax credits for
carbon removal technologies.

The US Department of Energy included
BECCS as an eligible technology in various
funding schemes. Likewise, a National
Renewable Energy Laboratory report
states, by 2035, the US could need around
100Mt of carbon removals from BECCS to
offset remaining carbon emissions in the
power sector. State-level developments
also support the deployment of BECCS.
California's net zero strategy, for example,
identifies carbon removal technologies

as an important tool to deliver its

climate targets.

The California Air Resources Board
(CARB), which is responsible for climate
policy, has stated its intention to deploy
75M of carbon removals, including
BECCS, by 2045.

a al?
“Gver'’a quarter of PCL strategies

mention BECCS as part of their plans
to limit global temperatures.

Canada launched an investment tax credit
for carbon capture technologies to
support carbon capture and storage (CCS)

development. The country has set atarget :

to capture 15Mt of carbon removals a year
by 2030 and the government is working
ona clean energy standard. This cites
carbon capture and storage as being
central to achieving net zero due to its
potential to deliver carbon removals and
to enable further reductions attributable
to the electricity sector.

Meanwhile, the European Commission
adopted a proposal for an EU-wide
framework to reliably certify high-quality
carbon removals, The proposal includes
BECCS and classifies it as a permanent
storage solution, The EU Energy
Commissioner will also be working on

a strategic vision for CCS in 2023, and
EU Member States continue developing
programmes to enable BECCS
deployment. Several governments have
announced research and development.
funding schemes and grants to support
Front-End Engineering Design.

We expect the growing momentum for
BECCS to continue in 2023. This is likely
to include the development of detailed
roadmaps to deliver net zero targets,
and international negotiations on
carbon markets will progress in the

run up to COP28.

Strategic report

: Delivering a future
: positive outcome

To tackle the climate crisis, the world
Needs secure, renewable energy - and
+ to remove carbon from the atmosphere.

: The IPCC and a number of governments
: agree that CDR methods, including

: BECCS, are necessary elements in
achieving this goal. Drax is the world’s
leading sustainable biomass generation,
production, and supply business, and is
now developing options for BECCS in the
UK and North America. Our Responsible
Sourcing Policy is informed by science,
and the biomass we use to generate
electricity is assessed against sustainable
forest management principles.

The material we use to make pellets
includes sawmill and forest residuals,

and low-grade roundwood, material

: of a lower grade which is unsuitable for

} use in a sawmill. Strong markets for lower
: quality material can help support good

: forest management in the US and Canada,
and we take our wood from responsibly
managed working forests. As the demand
for bioenergy and BECCS increases, we
are exploring opportunities to generate
bioenergy from other sustainable

fibre sources.

} Bioenergy and BECCS can remove carbon
from the atmosphere while sustaining

} healthy forests and habitats. In turn, this
can protect and create jobs ~ particularly
in some of those communities most at risk
of decline in the transition to net zero.

‘Our commitment to
sustainability sits at the
heart of everything we
do, helping to ensure
we have a positive
impact on the climate,
nature, and people.”

B

Read more about
our commitment
to sustainability
on page 36

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022. 5

Strategic report

Ata glance

Drax is the second largest producer of sustainable biomass
globally, and the UK's largest source of renewable power
by output. We are progressing options for bioenergy with
carbon capture and storage (BECCS).

Our integrated flexible and renewable value chain...

Pellet Production

The material we use to make pellets includes
sawmill and forest residuals, and low-grade
roundwood, material of a lower grade which
is unsuitable for use in a sawmill. They provide
a sustainable, low carbon fuel source that can
be safely and efficiently delivered through
our global supply chain.

The forests we source our biomass from

are managed in accordance with standards
designed to support the health and growth

of these forests over the long term. Based in
the US south and in Western Canada, we have
18 operational and development sites with
nameplate capacity of around 5Mt once
expansions are complete.

Generation

Our portfolio of flexible, low-carbon and
renewable UK power assets - biomass,
hydro, and pumped storage generation -
provides dispatchable, renewable power
and system support services to the
electricity grid,

Our dispatchable power - which can be
ramped up and down, or switched on or off,
at short notice to provide a flexible
response to changes in electricity demand
~ has a vital role to play in enabling the
transition to more renewable energy and
amore flexible energy system: generating
renewable electricity when the sun doesn’t
shine and the wind doesn't blow.

Customers

Our Customers business
is principally focused on
renewable electricity sales
to industrial and corporate
customers in the UK.

The business also offers
non-generation system
support and energy
management services,
such as the provision of
decarbonisation services,
including vehicle fleet
electrification. It also
provides a route to market
for many smaller embedded

I
We have US$4.1 billion of long-term contracted We are the UK’s largest source of renewable renewable generators,
sales to third parties across Asia and Europe. power by output, and Drax Power Station is
Our Generation business also uses pellets the UK's largest single source of renewable
sourced from our Pellet Production sites electricity by output. Our portfolio provides
to make flexible, renewable electricity long-term earnings stability and
for the UK. opportunities to optimise returns from the
transition to a low-carbon economy.
We are developing options for BECCS at
. Orax Power Station in the UK and exploring
options for global BECCS.
Employees Employees Employees
Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA
(2021: £86m) (2021; £372m) (2021: £6m)

Pellets produced

3,9Mt

(2021: 3.1Mt)

} Percentage of total UK renewable

electricity generated

/11%

F (2021: 12%)

Production cost

$152/t

(2021: $143/t)

6 Orax Group ple Annual report and accoun

&
2
9
@
2
2
Ga

Where we operate

Weseview
(Prince
Ruperd)

© Ports 18 operational and Five deep water ports,
© Developments development sites, accessing Asian and
© Operational plants *

with nameplate capacity European markets.

of around SMt once

expansions are complete.

Japan

@ Pumped storage generation Dispatchable, renewable Development of carbon
© Biomass generation power generation - biomass, removals technology -
© Hydro generation

© Biomass from waste hydro, and pumped storage- — BECCS.

© B2B renewables supply and supply to British industry.

and services
© Corporate offices

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022 7

Strategic report

Business model

A leading UK-based renewable energy
company with global growth opportunities
aligned to net zero targets

Our business model and
strategy address key
trends in global energ

+ The increasing demand for electricity
and the need for renewable energy

The need to decarbonise and the
importance of carbon removals

The need for dispatchable generation
to enable increased reliance on
intermittent renewables

Our strategic pilla’

To be a global leader
in sustainable biomass
pellets

To be a global leader
in carbon removals

To be a UK leader
in dispatchable,
renewable generation

Sustainable biomass pellets

Drax believes that the global market for
sustainable biomass will grow significantly,
creating opportunities for sales to third
parties, BECCS, generation, and other
long-term uses of biomass. Delivery of
these opportunities will be supported

by the expansion of the Group's biomass
pellet production capacity.

The Group has 18 operational and
development sites with nameplate
capacity of around 4.8Mt p.a. which will
increase once expansions are complete.
Drax is targeting 8Mt p.a. of production
capacity by 2030, which will require the
addition of around 3Mt p.a. of new
biomass pellet production capacity.

Underpinned by this expanded
production capacity, Drax aims to double
sales of biomass to third parties to

4Mt p.a, by 2030, developing its market
presence in Asia and Europe.

c.5Mt

Pellet production capacity
(2021: ¢.5Mt)

$152/t

Production costs
(2021: $143/t)

8 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022

ted flexible and renewable value chain...

Carbon removals

Post-combustion removal of carbon
from the atmosphere (such as BECCS)
and afforestation (planting trees in
New areas) are recognised as important
sources of carbon removals - removing
CO, from the atmosphere,

Building on its biomass expertise,
Drax is developing options for BECCS.

Subject to the right regulatory
environment, and support from the UK
Government, Drax has plans to transform
Drax Power Station into one of the
world’s leading carbon capture projects
using BECCS to permanently remove
8Mt of CO2 emissions from the
atmosphere each year by 2030.

The project is well developed, and

an investment decision could be taken
by Drax in 2024, with the first BECCS
unit operational in 2027 and a second
in 2030, subject to the right

investment framework.

The Group is also developing options to
complement this innovation with a target
to deliver 4Mt of negative CO2 emissions
p.a. from new-build BECCS outside of the
UK by 2030.

2030

Carbon negative by 2030

T2Mt

Aiming for 12Mt of carbon removals
globally by 2030

Dispatchable, renewable
generation

Drax Power Station is the UK's largest
source of renewable power by output
and the UK's largest dispatchable plant.
The Group is continuing to develop a
lower cost operating model for this asset,
supported by a reduction in fixed costs

associated with the end of coal operations.

Drax is also developing an option for the
expansion of our pumped storage power
station at Cruachan, which could take

2 final investment decision in 2024

and be operational by 2030, providing
an additional 6SOOMW of dispatchable
long-duration storage to the

power system.

Capacity:

2.6GW

biomass

0.6GW

pumped storage and hydro

Compaiing
linvestmentacasc]

Creating value
for stakeholders

+ Geographically diversified biomass

supply chain with opportunities
for growth, innovation and cost
reduction

+ Developing options for large-scale

carbon removals technology, both
in the UK and globally

+ UK's largest source of renewable

power by output

+ Aleading provider of secure,

dispatchable, UK generation, offering
the flexibility that other renewables
(such as wind and solar) cannot

+ Allunderpinned by a culture of safety,

sustainability, and a focus on
cost reduction

(1) The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change ang the Coalition for Negative
Crmissions hove Lutir vulllived 3 cleat 1uie fut
BECCS in delivering the carbon removals
requires to limit global warming to 1.5°C above
pre-industrial levels and to achieve net zero by
2050, identifying a requirement of between
0.5 and 95 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide
removal globally

We engage with a broad range of
stakeholders, including: shareholders
and investors; our workforce; local
communities; governments, network
operators and regulators; NGOs;
customers; and suppliers. You can read
more about our stakeholders, together
with our section 172 Statement,

on pages 26 to 33.

+ Global growth opportunities aligned
to net zero targets
Strong financial position, delivering
igh quality earnings; a sustainable
and growing dividend; and a strong
balance sheet
Ambition to lead the world in carbon
removal technologies
¢. 99% reduction in generation Scope 1
and 2 carbon emissions since 2012
Ambition to be carbon negative by 2030
Supporting the transition to net zero
Sustainable development framework
Investment in our communities in UK,
US and Canada
Commitment to safe and sustainable
operations
ment to diversity and inclusion,
g a safe and engaging culture
where colleagues feel valued
and respected

Orax contributes particularly

to the following Sustainable
Development Goals:

Orax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022 9

| Strategic report

Strategic report

Chair's statement

An important
role to play

Philip Cox CBE, Chair

Gonkinuad to mele
progressitowaLds\ourg
faUrpose|(Cofemabletayzero)
[carbonylowercostenergy]
fund) andor im (tobe
carbompegativelcompany]
byi2050)"AttheIsame)
imeawelavelsupported)
enargy saourtiy in tha UK,

Our veluess

SME Wercareabvoutwhatmatters

KOBE We rcrxcansdokindor place)

© Weneiveditzatly

9 Wellistenvcaretully)

(Cm edowhatwersaywelldo

10 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2022

ation Se

Through 2022, Drax continued to make
progress towards our purpose - to enable
a zero carbon lower cost energy future -
and our aim: to be a carbon negative
company by 2030. At the same time, we
have supported energy security in the UK.

The Group's three strategic objectives -

to be a global leader in sustainable biomass
pellets; to be a global leader in carbon
removals; and to be a UK leader in
dispatchable, renewable power - are
aligned with a number of global energy
policies. Such policies increasingly
recognise the important role that
sustainable biomass and carbon removals
can play in the fight against climate change.

Since 2012, we have reduced our
g