innovating for
a) positive tru @ future

a a

Welcome to Drax

a) :

Our purpose
is to enable

a zero carbon,
lower cost
energy future

Our ambition

Our ambition is to become
carbon negative by 2030.

Being carbon negative means
that we will be removing more
carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere than we produce
throughout our direct business
operations globally — creating
a carbon negative company.

j > Read more in our business model on
[= page 6

See more online

=— at www.drax.com

} 2021 hightights | highlights

Adjusted revenue”

£5174m

(2020: £4,235m)

Total revenue

£5,088m

(2020: £4,245m)

Adjusted gross profit

£843m

(2020: £800m)

Total gross profit

£891m

(2020: £726m)

Percentage of total
UK renewable electri
generated

12%

(2020: 11%)

Total recordable incident rate

0.22

(2020; 0.29)

Employee engagement score

79%

(2020: 82%)

Group carbon intensity
(tCO,e/GWh)

78 tco,e/6wh

(2020: 164 tCO,e/GWh)

Gender diversity
(Total workforce - female)

30%

(2020: 31.5%)

Gender diversity
(Board - female)

44.4%

(2020: 28.6%)

() We calculate Adjusted financial performance measures, which are Drax
specific and exclude income statement volatility from derivative financial
instruments and the impact of exceptional items, to provide additional
information about the Group's performance. Adjusted financial performance
measures are described more fully on page 202, with a reconciliation to their
statutory equivalents in note 2.7 to the consolidated financial statements
on page 203. Throughout this document we distinguish between Adjusted
measures and Total measures. which are calculated in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). On 31 January 2021, the
Group completed the sale of its portfolio of CCGT assets to VPI Generation
Limited, Because of this transaction, the results of the CCGT portfolio for
2020 and 2021 have been classified as discontinued operations in the

Adjusted EBITDA from Total operating (loss)/profit
continuing and discontinued
operations”

£398m £197m

(2020: £412m) (2020: £(156)m)

Net debt® Dividend per share
£1044m 18.8p

(2020: £776m) (2020: 17.1)

Wood pellets produced ~ Renewable generation (%)

UK's largest source of
renewable electricity

3.Mt 93.8%

(2020: 15M) (2020: 77%)
Group carbon emissions, Group carbon emissions,
scope 1& 2 (ktCO,e) scope 3 (ktCO,e)
1,255 ktco,e 3,121 ktco,e
(2020: 3,080 ktCO,e) (2020: 3,135 ktCO,e)

consolidated financial statements, References to financial performance
measures throughout this annual report refer to continuing operations,
unless otherwise stated. Further details of discontinued financial
performance is included in note 5.4 to the consolidates financial statements
‘on page 235.

@

‘We define net debt as borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.
Axeconciliation of net debt is provided on page 223. Borrowings is defined
as per the Group’s balance sheet on page 185 and does not include lease
liabilities, pension obligations or other financial liabilities.

| Our strategic objectives

Pellet Production

To be a global leader '

in sustainable biomass pellets \
H

Pellet sales, self-supply, cost reduction, fibre sourcing
and technology i

Negative Emissions

To be a global leader in negative
emissions

Development of projects in UK and internationally.
Carbon negative by 2030

Flexible, Renewable Power

To be a leader in UK dispatchable,
renewable power
Fierible renewable power ~ biomass, hydro, pumped

storage Renewable power end energy services to
strategic customers

All underpinned by safety, sustainability
and cost reduction

Our values are driven by our culture,
fundamental to which is acting with
integrity — and what we call “doing
the right thing’.

We care about what matters

We believe that achieving a positive economic,
social and environmental impact is key to
Gelivering long-term value creation. We're
committed to creating a business model where
financial performance, value creation and
sustainability outcomes are aligned.

We're a can-do kind of place

We have a diverse, inclusive culture where the
continual exchange of ideas and perspectives
leads to great things. The conversion of our
coal-fired power plant to biomass and the
development of our Electric Vehicles service
was due to the ingenuity of our people.

We see things differently

We look at the world and see possibilities in how
we can help to solve the climate crisis. We seek
new ways of doing things. We repurpose
existing assets (such as the coal to biomass
conversion), use our expertise and new
technologies to innovate (such as bioenergy
with carbon capture and storage (BECCS) or
alternative fuels). and embrace opportunities
to learn so we can become even better,

We listen carefully

We listen to our colleagues, communities,
customers and other stakeholders, working
with them to better understand their needs,
and deliver the best possible outcomes:

Our new ways of working, to more flexibly
support colleagues, are a direct result of
colleague feedback

[|
[o|
jo]
[9
a]

We do what we say we'll do

We are delivering on our purpose - to enable
a ero carbon, lower cost energy future - and
we believe we're a world leader in sustainable
biomass and BECCS.

Contents

Market context
Ata glance

Our business model

Chair's statement

CEO's review

Biomass cost reduction

Key performance indicators
Financial review
Remuneration at a glance
Engaging our stakeholders
Section 172 statement
Sustainable development
TCFO disclosures

Viability statement

Principal risks and uncertainties

Governance

94
97
100
n2
ne
130
160
164
165

Letter from the Chair

Board of Directors

Corporate governance report
Nomination Committee report
Audit Committee report
Remuneration Committee report
Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibilities statement
Verification statements

Financial statements

168
169

178
183

188
208
221

229
238
248
274
276

278

Financial statements contents
Independent Auditor's report to the members
of Orax Group pie
Financial statements
Consolidated financial statements
- Consolidated income statement
~ Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
- Consolidated balance sheet
~ Consolidated statement of
changes in equity
~ Consolidated cash flow statement
Financial performance
Operating assets and working capital
Financing and capital structure
Other assets and liabilities
Our people
Risk management
Reference information
Company financial statements
~ Company balance sheet
- Company statement
of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements

Shareholder information

283
286
288
290

Shareholder information
Alternative performance measures glossary
Glossary

Company information

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2021 1

Market context

Our role in delivering clean power, tackling climate change, promoting
the UK's socio-economic growth, and global leadership ambition

through negative emissions

Decarbonisation, electrification,
the role of negative carbon
emissions and the UK's global role

2021 was a tumultuous year for the global
economy. There were widely reported
shortages and supply chain issues across
multiple sectors, mostly caused by a
combination of disruption from both
Covid-19 and, in the UK, from Brexit.

This issue did not detract from the UK
Government's focus on decarbonisation,
both domestically and globally. The
Government's Net Zero Strategy,
published in October 2021, shortly before
COP26, contained many commitments
to help the UK meet the 2050 Net Zero
target, as well as interim carbon targets.
The most notable of these was the
announcement that by 2035 the UK
would fully decarbonise its power sector,
and a commitment to support
greenhouse gas removal technologies,
such as bioenergy with carbon capture
and storage (BECCS), to deliver at least
23Mt of negative emissions. By way of
illustration, realising this scale of negative
emissions would be the equivalent of six
Drax Power Station biomass units fitted
with BECCS.

Net zero

The Government's Net Zero Strategy
outlines a pathway to reaching net zero
and includes tough targets both in the
medium and long-term. The next steps
for the Government include ensuring that
targets are backed-up by robust policy
to ensure that industry can deliver what
is required. COP26 presented a clear
platform for countries to outline their
strategies and targets to address their
contribution to climate change. If
achieved, the targets and commitments
would place the world ona trajectory
towards limiting the worst effects of
climate change.

At COP26, and after months of
negotiations, policymakers from 197
countries struck an agreement aimed at
strengthening the global fight against
climate change. Despite its shortfalls,
the deal establishes a consensus that all
countries need to do more to fight climate
change and sets up better rules on
transparency to hold them accountable.
Above all, it’s the first time the need to
draw down fossil fuels is explicitly
mentioned in a global climate agreement.
Drax attended COP26 where we
showcased our commitment to tackling
climate change, and the critical role that
biomass and BECCS will play in this
transition was well recognised by key
global stakeholders and Government.

Bioenergy with carbon capture
and storage (BECCS)

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change and the Coalition for Negative
Emissions have both outlined a clear
role for BECCS in delivering the negative
emissions required to limit global
warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial
levels and to achieve net zero by 2050,
identifying a requirement of between

2 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2021

2 billion and 7 billion tonnes of negative
emissions globally from BECCS.

Separately, the UK Government published
its Net Zero Strategy and Biomass Policy
Statement reaffirming the established
international scientific consensus that
sustainable biomass is renewable and
will play a critical role in helping the UK
achieve its climate targets. The Net Zero
Strategy set a new Government ambition
for at least SMt p.a. of negative emissions
from BECCS and Direct Air Capture by
2030; 23Mt p.a. by 2035; and up to 81Mt
p.a. by 2050. The reports commit the
Government to the development of

2 financial model to support BECCS

to meet these requirements.

Drax impact.

The East Coast Cluster initiative was
selected as one of the UK's first carbon
capture and storage clusters in the UK.
This is the first step towards ensuring
that the CO; transportation and storage
infrastructure will be in place to safely
take and store the CO; captured by the
BECCS project. Subject to the right
regulatory and investment framework,
We plan to transform Drax Power Station
into one of the world's leading carbon
capture projects, using BECCS to
permanently remove 8Mt of CO; emissions
from the atmosphere each year by 2030.

The project is well developed, the
technology is proven and an investment
decision could be taken in 2024, with a
first BECCS unit operational in 2027 and
a second in 2030, We aim to complement
this innovation with a new target to
deliver 4Mt of negative CO, emissions p.a.
from new-build BECCS outside of the

UK by 2030, and are currently developing
models tor North American and
European markets.

Trace gn

wovernance

Biomass

financial stacemencs:

Narenoioer inrormacion

UK and international power prices
increased significantly in 2021. reflecting
higher wholesale gas prices driven by
increased Asian demand and uncertainty
in supplies from Russia, as well as rising
carbon prices, Added to this was the
growing cost of managing increased
levels of intermittent renewables (such
as wind and solar) on the system, and
interconnector reliability issues -
whereby the UK imports its power

from continental Europe.

With a return to economic growth
following the impact in 2020 of the
Covid-19 pandemic, 2021 saw a
significant increase in demand for ocean
freight, adding pressure to supply chains
and a significant rise in market prices.

in contrast, biomass delivered to Drax
Power Station is typically procured
under long-term contracts offering
more price stability.

Drax impact

Despite global supply chain problems,
our own global supply chain for pellets
remained resilient. Due to the Group's
active and long-term hedging of freight
costs, there has been no material impact
associated with higher market prices for
ocean freight. The Group uses long-term
contracts to hedge its freight exposure
on biomass for its Generation business
andis taking steps to optimise freight
requirements between production
centres, inthe US southeast and Western
Canada, and markets in Asia and Europe.

The reliable, dispatchable power we
generate is forward sold up to two years
in advance, so we have not beens
significant beneficiary of higher power
prices in 2021, helping to keep down the
cost for the consumer.

The role of sustainable biomass is
increasingly recognised by policy makers
in Europe, North America and Asia as
away to deliver rapid large-scale
decarbonisation, as well as the potential
for enabling negative emissions.

Drax impact

Drax is a major producer, supplier and
user of sustainable biomass, active in all
areas of the supply chain with fong-term
relationships and almost 20 years’
experience in biomass operations. The
Group's innovation in coal-to-biomass
engineering, supply chain management,
together with the development of a
leading position in negative emissions,
can be deployed alongside our large,
reliable and sustainable supply chain

to support customer decarbonisation
journeys with long-term partnerships.
We aim to double sales of biomass to third
parties to 4Mt p.a. by 2030, developing
our market presence in Asia and Europe,
facilitated by creating new business
development teams in Tokyo and London.

Dispatchable, renewable
generation

While the UK has not recently faced a
genuine failure of security of supply, the
UK Government must continue to ensure
8 diverse range of both low carbon and
dispatchable technologies are adopted.
The Smart Systems and Flexibility Plan.
published in summer 2021, highlighted
the significant barriers to deployment
faced by Large-Scale Long-Duration
Storage technologies, such as pumped
storage hydro. Measures to address these
barriers could include the introduction
of a revenue stabilisation mechanism,
which would enable investment in these
technologies. The Government also
issued a call for evidence on better
aligning the Capacity Market with net

zero and gradually phasing out Capacity
Market support for high carbon
technologies. Biomass, as a low carbon
and flexible technology, is well placed

to be supported via the Capacity Market
following the end of the current regime
of subsidies for biomass in 2027.

Drax impact

Drax is the UK's largest source of
renewable power by output and our
portfolio of biomass, pumped storage
and hydro offers the dispatchable

power the UK needs to support further
deployment of intermittent renewables.
Our continued focus on delivering BECCS.
and the development of new pumped
storage hydro is well placed to support
decarbonisation and help ensure security
of supply.

Biomass acceptability

Global government support for biomass
and BECCS remains strong, Both the
EU and the UK Government reaffirmed
support for the role of biomass in the
Green Deal and Biomass Policy
Statement respectively. US President
Joe Biden's long-term climate strategy
recognises biomass as a key component
to decarbonising the US.

Drax impact

We continue to engage with global
policymakers on the rote of biomass and
BECCS, and we will continue to promote
the role of sustainable biomass in helping
the UK meet its net zero targets. Our
biomass sourcing and audit policies go
beyond compliance. We take great care
to only source from sustainable sources,
and we maintain a full chain of custody
throughout our supply chain, to ensure
we meet certification standards. We
conduct independent audits of suppliers
and our own supply chain.

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2021 3

Ata glance

Drax is the second largest sustainable biomass producer globally, and the
UK's largest source of renewable power by output. We are progressing options
for bioenergy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS).

Our integrated flexible and renewable value chai

Our pellets are manufactured from Our portfolio of flexible, low-carbon and Our Customers business is principally
forestry and agricultural by-products and renewable UK power assets - biomass, focused on renewable electricity sales
residues, They provide a sustainable,low — hydro and pumped storage generation - to industrial and corporate customers.
carbon fuel source that can besafelyand provides renewable, dispatchable power
efficiently delivered through our global and system support services to the The business also offers non-generation
supply chain. The pellets are produces electricity grid. system support and energy management
to best practice sustainability standards services, in addition to providing a route
Based in the US south and in Western We are the UK's largest source of to market for many smaller embedded
Canada. we have 17 operational and renewable power by output. and Drax renewable generators.
development sites with nameplate Power Station is the UK's largest single
capacity of around 5iVic once expansions _ source of renewable electricity by output
are complete. Our portfolio provides long-term earnings

stability and opportunities to optimise
We have USS4.5bn of long-term returns from the transition to a low-

contracted sales to third parties across carbon economy.

Asia and Europe. Our Generation business

also uses [hese pellets to make flexible, We are developing options for BECCS at

renewable electricity for the UK. Drax Power Station and exploring options
for international new-build BECCS.

Employees Employees Employees
Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA” Adjusted EBITDA

(including discontinued operations)
£86m £372m £6m

(2020: £52m) (2020: £(39)m)
(2020: £446m)

() Includes £20m from discontinued operations

Pellets produced % renewable
fe)
3.1Mct 93.8%
(2020: 1.5Mt) (2020: 77%)
Production cost Percentage of total UK renewable

$143/t 12%

(2020: $153/t)
(2020: 11%)

Business unit breakdown

Revenue Group EBITDA
5 Pellet Production 450m © Pellet Production £86m
@ Generation £2,651m B Generation £372m
B Customers £2,360m D Customers £6m

4 = Orax Group pic Annual report and accounts 2021

Where we operate

Nw TLARITOR'
ermsu

COLUHEIA @ High Level

[sso

© Meacowbank

© Wats Love
ny
Garmivong

1B Sminers

© Houston

Grnce
Roper) @ F Burs

tnasurtoBa
© Gowwscie
SASKATCHEWAN

© Lavington
(Woncouver)

© Pers
© Developments
C Operational Plens

17 operational and development sites, with nameplate capacity
of around SMt once expansions are complete.

Four deep water ports, accessing Asian and European markets.

Best practice sustainability stendards for pellet production.

Drax ompletesacquisition of Pinnacle Renewable Energy, Inc.

The acquisition positions Drax as the
world’s leading sustainabie biomass
generation and supply business. It
transforms Drax into an international
business trading bioeneray from the
North American continent to Europe and
Asia, and positions the eniarged Group

to take advantage of global growth
opportunities, with the market for
biomass pellets for renewable generation
in Europe and Asia expected to grow
significantly.

1) Find out more
ine | on page 12

© Pur ped storage generation
© Biomass generation
© Hydro generation

Biomass from
© B2B renewable:
Corporate offices

te
upply and services

Flexible, renewable power generation - biomass, hydro end
pumped storage ~ and supply to British industry.

Development of negative emissions technology - BECCS.

Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2021 5

Our business model

Aleading UK renewable energy company with global
growth opportunities aligned to net zero targets

Our business model and
strategy address key
trends in global energy

The increasing demand
for electricity and the need
for renewable energy

The need to decarbonise
and the importance
of negative emissions

The need for dispatchable
generation Lo enable
increased reliance on
intermittent renewables

Our strategic pillars

* To be a global leader in
sustainable biomass pellets

+ To be a global leader
in negative emissions

+ To be a leader in UK
dispatchable, renewable
generation

4

Our integrated flexible and renewable value chain...

Sustainable biomass pellets

Drax believes that the global market for sustainable biomass will grow significantly, creating
opportunities for sales to third parties, BECCS. generation, and other long-term uses of
biomass. Delivery of these opportunities is supported by the expansion of the Group's biomass
pellet production capacity.

The Group has 17 operational and development sites with nameplate capacity of around
Sit p.a. once expansions are complete, Drax is targeting 8Mt p.2. of production capacity
by 2030, which will require the development of over 3Mt p.a. of new biomass pellet
production capacity.

Underpinned by this expanded production capacity, Drax aims to double sales of biomass.
to third parties to 4Mt p.a. by 2030, developing its market presence in Asia and Europe.

Production cost

$143/t

Pellet production capacity

c.5Mt

(2020: 1.5M0)

(2020: $1511)

Negative emissions

Post-combustion removal of carbon from the atmosphere (such as BECCS) and
afforestation (planting new trees in new areas) are recognised as important sources
of negative emissions - removing CO; from the atmosphere",

Building on its biomass expertise, Drax is developing options for BECCS.

Subject to the right regulatory environment, Drax plans to transform Drax Power Station
into one of the world's leading carbon capture projects using BECCS to permanently
remove BMt of CO, emissions from the atmosphere each year by 2030. The project is well
developed. the technology is proven, and an investment decision could be taken in 2024,
with the first BECCS unit operational in 2027 and a second in 2030, subject to the right
investment framework.

The Group aims to build on this innovation with a new target to deliver 4Mit of negative
CO; emissions p.a. from new: build BECCS outside of the UK by 2030.

Targeting 12Mt of negative
emissions globally by 2030

Carbon negative
company by 2030

Dispatchable, renewable generation

Drax Power Station is the UK's largest source of renewable power by output and the
largest dispatchable plant. The Group is continuing to develop a lower cost operating
model for this asset, supported hy a reduction in fixed casts assaciared wirh the end
of coal operations.

Drax is also developing an option for new pumped storage - Cruachan Il - which could
take a final investment decision in 2024 and be operational by 2030, providing an
additional 6OOMW of dispatchable long-duration storage to the power system

% renewable Capacity

93.8% 2.6GW biomass

O.6GW pumped storage and hydro
(2020: 77%)

6 Drax Group ple Annual report and accounts 2021

ereresrerepon

bvovernance

Financial statements

Compelling competitive
advantages

+ Geographically diversified
biomass supply chain with
opportunities for growth,
innovation and cost
reduction

Development of large-
scale negative emissions
technology, which
positions Drax.as a world-
leading carbon negative
company

UK's largest source
of renewable power
by output

Ateadirg provider

of dispatchable UK
generation, offering

the flexibility that other
renewabies (such as
wind and solar) cannot

Alt underpinned by

a culture of safety.
sustainability and cost
reduction

1) The intergovernments! Aaneton
Cumate @hrange and the Coztirvan
for Nenatioe Emissions nave bath
euttines eciear.rolefor BECCS in
denvering the negative emissions
requited to iit global wvereng
tw 1$°C above preandustriar revels
ang co actueve net aes 0 by 2050
ontit ying. foquitement of oetween
2bn any 7ontonnes of neganve
emvssions alobatty from BECCS,

dharenoicer inrormation

Creating value for stakeholders

We engage with a broad range of
stakeholders, including: shareholders: our
workforce; local communities, schools and
colleges; governments; network operators
and regulators; customers and suppliers;
and non-governmental organisations.

You cen read more about our stakeholders,
together with our section 172 Statement,
on pages 34 to 41.

+ Global growth opportunities aligned
to net zero targets

Strong financial position, delivering high
quality earnings: a sustainable and growing
dividend; and a strong balance sheet

Global leadership in negative emissions
technologies

95% reduction in generation emissions
since 2012 and carbon negative by 2030

Major contribution towards UK climate
targets

Sustainable development framework and
robust biomass sourcing and audit policies

Giving customers control of their energy

Investment in our communities in UK,
US and Canada

Commitment to safe and sustainable
operations

Commitment to diversity and inclusion
creating a safe and engaging culture
where colleagues feel valued and
respected

Sustainable Development Goals

Orax Group ple Annual report and accounts 20217

GS We do what we say we'll do

We are delivering on our purpose to enable a zero carbon, lower cost
energy future, creating robust plans and making the investments
necessary to help us achieve our aims.

gSafetyzisOUmtop priority and at
dhe hearkor evany

j a,
S520 ZS menses =

8 Drax Group ple Annual report end accoun