BETA Close X Drax Group plc announced a directorate change with Senior Independent Director David Nussbaum retiring on July 31, 2026, after nine years of service. Mark Clare, a non-executive director since February 2026, will assume the role of Senior Independent Director effective August 1, 2026. The company expressed gratitude for Mr. Nussbaum's contributions. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 30 July 2026 30 July 2026 Drax Group plc Directorate change and appointment of Senior Independent Director Drax Group plc announces that, David Nussbaum, Senior Independent Director, will retire from the Board on 31 July 2026 following the completion of nine years' service. Mark Clare, who has served on the Board as a non-executive director since February 2026, will assume the role of Senior Independent Director with effect from 1 August 2026. Commenting on David's retirement, Andrea Bertone, Chair of Drax Group plc said: "David has provided invaluable counsel and support over the past nine years. He retires with our sincere thanks and best wishes for the future." This announcement is made pursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.6R (2) and (3). Enquiries: Drax Investor Relations: Mark Strafford Mark.Strafford@drax.com +44 (0) 7730 763 949 Chris Simpson Chris.Simpson@drax.com +44 (0) 7923 257 815 Media: Drax External Communications: Chris Mostyn chris.mostyn@drax.com +44 (0) 7743 963 483 Website: www.Drax.com Company details: LEI: 549300YPSNTXR4ZHSR98 ISIN: GB00B1VNSX38 Ends This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and