BETA Close X Drax Group plc has announced its total voting rights and share capital as of August 31, 2026. The company's issued share capital comprises 433,037,487 ordinary shares, with 96,310,800 held in treasury, meaning these do not carry voting rights. Consequently, the total number of voting rights available to shareholders is 336,726,687, which shareholders should use for calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Drax Group PLC 01 September 2026 1 September 2026 Drax Group plc (Symbol: DRX) TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARE CAPITAL In conformity with the Disclosure and Transparency Rules provision 5.6.1R, Drax Group plc (the "Company") advises of the following: That, as at 31 August 2026, the Company's issued share capital consisted of 433,037,487 ordinary shares of 11 16 / 29 pence each, with each ordinary share having one vote, of which 96,310,800 ordinary shares are held in treasury. Treasury shares do not carry voting rights. Accordingly, the total number of voting rights in respect of these ordinary shares is 336,726,687. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their voting rights interest, or a change to that interest, in the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Company details: LEI: 549300YPSNTXR4ZHSR98 ISIN: GB00B1VNSX38 - - END - - This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Drax Group (DRX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 3 hours ago Greatland Gold 4 hours ago Audioboom Group 17 hours ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and