Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ​ 35 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 7A. ​ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ​ 47 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 8. ​ Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ​ 48 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9. ​ Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ​ 84 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9A. ​ Controls and Procedures ​ 84 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9B. ​ Other Information ​ 85 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9C. ​ Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections ​ 86 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Part III ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 10. ​ Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ​ 86 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 11. ​ Executive Compensation ​ 86 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 12. ​ Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters ​ 87 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 13. ​ Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ​ 87 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 14. ​ Principal Accountant Fees and Services ​ 87 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Part IV ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 15. ​ Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules ​ 88 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 16. ​ Form 10-K Summary ​ 91 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Signatures ​ 92 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 Table of Contents STATEMENTS References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Ulta Beauty,” the “Company” and similar references mean Ulta Beauty, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. These statements are included throughout this Annual Report, including in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in the section entitled “Risk Factors,” and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals, and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity, and capital resources and other financial and operating information. You can identify these statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “believes,” “expects,” “plans,” “estimates,” “targets,” “strategies,” or other comparable words. Any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based upon our historical performance and on current plans, estimates, and expectations. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates, targets, strategies, or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that our expectations, beliefs, and projections will result or be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional, or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Any statements made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our statements and you should not place undue reliance on our statements. Our statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments, or other strategic transactions we may make. Except to the extent required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Part I ​ Item 1. Business Overview Ulta Beauty, Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our,” “Ulta Beauty,” or the “Company”) is an international specialty beauty retailer and a premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, wellness products, hair care products, and salon services. The Company was founded in Illinois in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass, and salon products were sold through distinct channels – department stores for prestige products; drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass products; and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. The Company developed a unique specialty retail concept that offers a broad range of brands and price points, select beauty services, and a convenient and welcoming shopping environment. The Company’s target consumer is defined as a 3 Table of Contents “beauty enthusiast,” a consumer who is passionate about the beauty category, uses beauty for , experimentation, and , and has high expectations for their shopping experience. ​ The Company’s U.S. operations (“Ulta U.S.”) make it the largest specialty beauty retailer in the U.S. In addition to its U.S. operations, the Company has expanded its international presence through its subsidiary, Space NK Limited (“Space NK”), a luxury beauty retailer operating in the U.K. and Ireland, its joint venture in Mexico, and its franchise in the Middle East. ​ The Company’s vision is to be the most loved beauty destination of its guests and the most admired retailer by its associates, communities, partners, and investors. Its mission is to use the power of beauty to bring to life the possibilities that lie within each of us — inspiring every guest and enabling each associate to build a fulfilling career. ​ Across the Company’s portfolio, key points of strategic differentiation include: ​ Differentiated Assortment. Guests are offered a differentiated assortment of established and emerging brands across a variety of categories and price points. The Company’s wide selection of beauty and wellness categories, from to luxury price points, spans across cosmetics, fragrance, skincare, bath and body products, haircare, salon styling tools, and wellness products. ​ Convenient Omnichannel Footprint. Products are offered through the Company’s stores, digital platforms, and partnerships. The Company believes that sales in one channel are not independent of the others and seeks to provide its guests with seamless omnichannel shopping experiences that enable channels to complement one another. With a bright and open store environment, the Company makes it easy for guests to discover new products and services . The store design, fixtures, and open layout provide the flexibility to respond to consumer trends and changes in our merchandising strategy. Through the Company’s websites and mobile applications, guests are offered convenient, immersive, and personalized digital experiences. The Company’s digital channels enable shopping and discovery, and our diverse fulfillment options, including buy online in store, buy online curbside, ship from store, ship from distribution center, and delivery, provide guests with value and convenience. ​ Loyalty Program. The Company’s loyalty programs offer members unique benefits, including exclusive gifts, and enable guests in many locations to earn points for product and beauty services purchases. Additionally, the loyalty programs provide a deep understanding of our guests and their preferences, enabling us to personalize experiences, recommendations, and promotions. ​ Great Guest Experiences. The Company cultivates human connection with warm and welcoming guest experiences across all of our channels. Our knowledgeable and approachable store associates, differentiated service offerings, and efforts to create relevant, compelling digital content are competitive advantages and enable us to build strong engagement with guests. ​ The following description of the Company’s business should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 and the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ​ The Company’s strategy The Company focuses on beauty enthusiasts across multiple demographics and shopping behaviors. Beauty enthusiasts have a deep emotional connection with beauty and, historically, this connection has not diminished in softer economic environments. Despite a dynamic operating environment, proprietary consumer research confirms engagement with the beauty category remains healthy. Healthy engagement paired with increasing use of social media and the convergence of beauty and wellness has invited even more consumers into the beauty category and expanded the addressable market. At the same time, the beauty landscape and guest expectations continue to evolve, which will require continued innovation and investment to maintain and further the Company’s leadership position. ​ 4 Table of Contents In 2025, management unveiled the Ulta Beauty Unleashed plan designed to accelerate the Company’s performance and drive profitable growth. The plan outlines three strategic priorities: ​ ● Drive Core Business Growth through operational excellence and an elevated approach. ● Scale New, Accretive Businesses by capitalizing on key growth opportunities to ensure relevancy in a rapidly changing world. ● Align Its Foundation for Future Success by optimizing the Company’s ways of working, streamlining its cost structure. and cultivating an engaging, culture. Drive Core Business Growth ​ Ulta U.S. operates within the large and growing U.S. beauty products and salon services industry. In 2025, this market represented approximately $126 billion in sales according to Euromonitor International and IBIS World Inc. Ulta U.S. competes across all major categories as well as a range of price points by offering prestige, mass, and salon products. Based on the Company’s consumer insights research, management estimates there are approximately 140 million beauty enthusiasts in the U.S. ​ The Company’s first strategic priority is to drive core business growth through operational excellence and an elevated approach that incorporates store execution, digital acceleration, brand building and merchandising innovation, and enhanced marketing efforts and personalization. ​ Store Execution ​ The Company is dedicated to delivering a experience for its guests by having inviting, and -stocked stores. Ulta U.S.’s member data and customer research suggests its guests prefer to transact in physical stores, where they can discover and interact with products and other beauty enthusiasts. In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 (“fiscal 2025”), 73% of Ulta U.S.’s loyalty members transacted solely within stores. ​ Ulta U.S. operates more than 1,500 retail stores in the U.S., located predominantly in convenient, locations such as power strip centers. The typical store in the U.S. is approximately 10,000 square feet, including approximately 950 square feet dedicated to a salon. In addition, Ulta U.S. has a smaller footprint store prototype ranging between approximately 5,000 and 7,500 square feet, which provides increased flexibility to enter smaller markets or shopping centers. ​ The Company’s real estate objective is to make Ulta U.S. accessible and convenient to more consumers across a variety of markets. The Company believes that, over the long term, it has the potential to grow its store footprint to more than 1,800 freestanding Ulta U.S. stores. ​ Ulta U.S. leverages a variety of insights to identify the best new store locations and optimize its current store locations, including beauty market share information and insights from its loyalty members. This , analytical approach to site selection has resulted in a high performing real estate portfolio. The average investment required to open a new Ulta U.S. store is approximately $2.4 million, which includes capital investments, net of landlord contributions, expenses, and initial inventory, net of payables. The net investment required to open new stores and the net sales generated by new stores may vary depending on a number of factors, including geographic location and store size. ​ Digital Acceleration ​ In addition to its store expansion, Ulta U.S. continues to enhance its digital capabilities as more guests choose to engage across physical and digital platforms. In fiscal 2025, 19% of loyalty members shopped both in Ulta U.S. stores and through its digital platforms. Omnichannel guests are extremely valuable, historically spending over three times as much as guests. ​ 5 Table of Contents As part of its digital store transformation, Ulta U.S. continues to develop and add website and mobile features and functionality, marketing programs, new products and brands, and omnichannel integration points. Ulta U.S. continues to grow its digital business by providing its guests with a unique, rich, online experience, personalized recommendations, expanded assortments, engaging experiences, including virtual and analysis capabilities, and social media content. ​ Ulta U.S. continues to improve its online order fulfillment capabilities with increased speed of delivery through existing distribution centers, market fulfillment centers, one fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only), and select retail stores, through more efficient processes designed for e-commerce order fulfillment. In addition to ship to home order fulfillment, Ulta U.S. offers guests “Buy Online, in Store,” “Curbside Pickup,” and “Store 2 Door,” which provides the ability for guests to order and have products delivered to their homes. In addition, Ulta U.S. offers delivery for e-commerce orders in virtually all markets. ​ Brand Building and Merchandising Innovation ​ Ulta U.S.’s core assortment offers one of the most extensive product and brand selections in its industry, with approximately 30,000 products from approximately 600 and emerging beauty and wellness brands across all categories and price points offered to guests across Ulta U.S.’s stores, Ulta.com, and mobile applications. ​ To support growth, Ulta U.S. is focused on leveraging its unique advantages to be the retail partner of choice to launch, build, scale, and globalize brands. Ulta U.S.’s merchandising team continually monitors beauty and wellness trends, sales trends, and new product launches to keep its product assortment fresh and relevant and to ensure that its assortment reflects the diversity of its guests. Ulta U.S.’s top ten brand partners, such as L’Oréal and Estée Lauder Companies, among others, represented approximately 51% and 54% of its total net sales in fiscal 2025 and the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025 (“fiscal 2024”), respectively. Ulta U.S works with its brand partners to be a significant distribution channel for growth and brand enhancement, and works closely with these partners to market both new and existing brands. ​ In addition to its partners’ brands, Ulta U.S. offers both and brands that are sold exclusively at Ulta Beauty. The Company’s private label brand, Ulta Beauty Collection, is an important opportunity for growth and profit contribution. The Company’s objective is to provide quality, private label products to continue to strengthen its guests’ perception of Ulta Beauty. The Company manages the full development cycle of these products from concept through production to deliver differentiated packaging and formulas that enhance the Company’s brand image. Ulta U.S. also offers a number of brands and products that are exclusive for a limited period of time or are offered in advance of its competitors, such as Cécred and Peach & Lily, as well as products that are exclusive to Ulta Beauty on a basis. Ulta Beauty Collection and Ulta Beauty exclusive products represented approximately 4% of the Company’s net sales in fiscal 2025, while these products combined with exclusive products represented approximately 11% of the Company’s net sales in fiscal 2025. ​ All brand partners and respective subcontractors and their facilities are subject to the applicable Ulta Vendor Standards, which set forth the ethical, legal, social, and workplace standards that must be met to do business with the Company. ​ Enhanced Marketing Efforts and Personalization ​ Ulta U.S. employs a marketing strategy to increase brand awareness, drive traffic to its stores, website, and mobile applications, acquire and retain loyalty program members, improve guest retention, increase frequency of shopping, and increase spend per member. Ulta U.S. communicates with its guests and prospective guests through multiple vehicles, including digital and social media, television, radio, and print advertising. These vehicles highlight the breadth of Ulta U.S.’s selection of prestige, mass, and salon beauty products, new products and services, and special offers, as well as build an emotional connection with guests. Ulta U.S.’s comprehensive public relations strategy enhances its reputation as a beauty destination, increases 6 Table of Contents brand awareness, and drives awareness of new products, events, and new store openings. In 2025, Ulta U.S. unveiled its new brand platform, “Beauty Happens Here TM ,” designed to reinforce that Ulta Beauty is not just where beauty is discovered, but where it is ignited, with the intent to further fuel loyalty and brand love. ​ The Ulta Beauty Rewards ® loyalty program is an important tool to increase retention of existing guests and to enhance their loyalty to the Ulta Beauty brand. Ulta Beauty Rewards ® enables guests to earn points based on their purchases at Ulta U.S. stores and through its digital platforms. Points earned are valid for at least one year and may be redeemed on any product sold or service provided in Ulta U.S. stores or through its digital platforms. With more than 46 million members as of the end of fiscal 2025 and approximately 95% of total sales coming from members in fiscal 2025, Ulta U.S. is uniquely positioned with a deep understanding of its guests and their preferences, enabling it to personalize experiences, recommendations, and promotions through its Customer Relationship Management (“CRM”) platform and support its brand partners’ growth. Ulta U.S.’s CRM platform enables sophisticated analysis of the customer data as well as greater personalization of its marketing campaigns, digital experiences, and communications. Its data demonstrates that loyalty members spend more per visit as compared to . To enhance Ulta U.S.’s loyalty program, and private label credit cards are offered. The credit cards drive higher wallet share and greater loyalty from rewards members, provide increased consumer insights, and offer attractive economics. ​ Ulta U.S. is directing a growing percentage of its marketing expense towards digital, social media, and streaming advertising to drive effective communication with existing guests and consideration amongst those who have not yet shopped with Ulta U.S. In social media channels, influencers and affiliates play an important role in beauty, and Ulta U.S engages talent from the UB Collective, its annual class of influencers, Ulta Beauties, its associate ambassador program, and UB Creates, its affiliate program, to support its social media marketing efforts. Ulta U.S.’s digital marketing strategy includes search engine optimization, paid search, mobile advertising, social media, display advertising, and other digital marketing channels. Digital marketing, coupled with its national TV and radio advertising, has helped Ulta U.S. increase brand awareness and consideration among those not familiar with it, which is believed to have resulted in new guests. ​ Scale New, Accretive Businesses ​ The Company believes it can drive incremental profitable growth through the implementation of its strategic initiatives: accelerating its focus on wellness; expanding its e-commerce presence through UB Marketplace TM , an integrated online marketplace allowing Ulta U.S. to offer a broader array of products to its guests; expanding its international presence; and enhancing its retail media network, Ulta Beauty Media (“UB Media”). ​ Wellness ​ The definition of traditional beauty is expanding as wellness and beauty converge and as consumers deepen the connection between how they express themselves to their overall and wellness. The Company believes Ulta U.S. is to capture this growth opportunity and support its guests’ wellness journeys. Leveraging its position as a trusted guide, Ulta U.S. has expanded its business into the growing wellness category through the addition of new brands as well as expansion efforts, including elevated fixtures. ​ Wellness by Ulta Beauty extends Ulta U.S.’s product offering to include nutrition & supplements (such as vitamins, supplements, and tools); intimate care (such as feminine hygiene, as well as period, prenatal and postnatal, and menopausal care); rest & reset (such as aromatherapy, spa essentials, and sleep support); and essential routines (such as oral care, wearables, and devices). ​ UB Marketplace TM ​ In fiscal 2025, the Company launched UB Marketplace TM , an integrated online marketplace accessible through Ulta U.S.’s e-commerce channels. The marketplace enables Ulta U.S. to expand its assortment for its guests and offer a broader and complementary array of beauty, wellness, and lifestyle products from both established and 7 Table of Contents emerging brands with minimal inventory risk to its business. UB Marketplace TM brands fulfill guest orders directly and the Company earns a commission on these sales. ​ As of the end of fiscal 2025, UB Marketplace TM offered more than 200 brands and 5,000 stock keeping units (SKUs) through Ulta U.S.’s digital channels. UB Marketplace TM brands span multiple complementary and adjacent categories, including: beauty tools and tech (such as hair tools, skin devices, and body gadgets); discovery (such as global beauty and social trends); grooming (such as tools, haircare, and skincare); luxe (such as niche perfumery and prestige skincare); personal care (such as oral care and bath and body products); pro (such as products); and wellness (such as spa, home fragrance, and fitness). ​ International Expansion ​ Beauty is a global growth category, and the Company believes there is opportunity to drive profitable growth through strategic targeted international expansion. In Mexico, the Company has a joint venture partnership with Grupo Axo, whereby the joint venture licenses the Ulta Beauty brand name and operating model from the Company to launch and operate Ulta stores in Mexico. Grupo Axo is an experienced operator of global brands with substantial expertise in the consumer market in Mexico. In the Middle East, the Company has a franchise partnership with Alshaya Group, a leading international franchise operator with substantial expertise in the consumer market in the Middle East, whereby Alshaya licenses the Ulta Beauty brand name and operating model from the Company to launch and operate Ulta stores in the Middle East. The Company earns royalties from sales generated by these operations. On July 10, 2025, the Company announced the acquisition of Space NK, a leading British beauty retailer. Space NK is a curator of some of the world’s most innovative beauty brands and a destination for beauty discovery in its stores in the U.K. and Ireland as well as online. Space NK operates as a standalone subsidiary of the Company and continues to be led by its management team. ​ As of January 31, 2026, the Company operates 84 Space NK stores located in the United Kingdom and two located in Ireland. Additionally, the Company has nine stores operated through the joint venture in Mexico and one location in Kuwait and one in the United Arab Emirates operated by its franchise partner in the Middle East. ​ UB Media ​ The Company has a deep understanding of its Ulta Beauty Rewards ® loyalty members and their preferences. This unique understanding, combined with its ongoing investment in data analytics and CRM capabilities, has unlocked new ways for the Company to support its brand partners and drive additional revenue. In 2022, the Company launched UB Media to transform the way its brand partners can connect with beauty enthusiasts. UB Media offers brands a suite of media and advertising capabilities that enable brands to reach unique audiences across various advertising channels, including Ulta U.S.’s owned digital channels, support joint revenue growth, and drive the acquisition of new guests. ​ Align Its Foundation for Future Success ​ To successfully achieve its growth ambitions, build upon its leadership position, and deliver value to stakeholders, the Company is focused on optimizing its ways of working, streamlining its cost structure, and cultivating an engaging, culture. This work includes organizational and process changes to accelerate , remove friction, and align teams and resources around goals. Additionally, the Company invests in new supply chain and technology capabilities to drive productivity improvement, enhance inventory flow, and increase network capacity. ​ Human capital management ​ The Company’s mission is to use the power of beauty to bring to life the possibilities that lie within each of us – inspiring every guest and enabling each associate to build a fulfilling career. The Company believes its 8 Table of Contents associates, with their combined skills, knowledge, experiences, and commitment to serving guests, are among the Company’s most important resources and are critical to continued success. The Company strives to be a great place to work by establishing a culture of care for associates’ holistic where all associates demonstrate integrity, authenticity, and inclusivity in their daily actions. As of January 31, 2026, the Company employed approximately 65,000 associates in the U.S., 1,800 in the U.K. and Ireland, and 20 in Uruguay. Of these associates, approximately 32% were and 68% were . Employment levels may fluctuate throughout the course of the year due to the seasonality of the Company’s business. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements and has not experienced any work stoppages in the past. The Company strives to maintain an open and honest relationship with its associates. ​ The Company’s associates and management teams are essential to its strategy. The Company uses a combination of existing managers, promoted associates, and external hires to support its operations and bring necessary skills to execute its business priorities. As the Company continues to grow, it is building a bench of associates and leaders who can deliver for its guests, drive business success, and support its culture. Culture and Core Values The Company strives to provide rewarding careers, benefits, and a workplace culture where associates are empowered to be their authentic selves – drawing on their unique perspectives, passions, skills, interests, and experiences in their jobs. The Company’s core values establish a strong foundation for its culture and represent the key expectations of its associates. These include the following: • Give wow experiences • Improve always • Win together • Love what you do, own what you do • Do what’s right • Champion diversity Talent management ​ The Company’s success is dependent, in part, on its ability to attract, train, retain, and motivate qualified associates at all levels of the organization. The Chief Human Resources Officer, along with the entire executive team, is responsible for developing and executing the Company’s human capital strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development, and engagement of talent and the design of associate compensation and benefits programs. The Company is focused on creating a winning team by recruiting and retaining great people, promoting collaboration, and fostering an enjoyable and rewarding work environment. The Company also strives to provide all associates with opportunities for personal growth, training, job opportunities, and career advancement. Succession planning is conducted on an annual basis to identify suitable internal candidates for key positions within the Company. ​ The Company believes open and honest communication is critical to maintaining strong associate engagement. The Company regularly conducts associate engagement surveys to determine associates’ satisfaction with their roles, their leaders, and the Company as a whole, which the executive team reviews and monitors. The Company’s leadership team also hosts roundtable sessions, as well as additional forums, including department town halls, store and distribution center visits, and other small group gatherings, to dive deeper on specific topics. The Company also engages in annual performance reviews and annual talent calibration conversations. ​ ​ ​ 9 Table of Contents Training and development ​ The Company is committed to continually developing its associates and providing career advancement opportunities. All Ulta Beauty associates in the U.S. participate in an interactive orientation through which each associate becomes acquainted with the Company’s mission, vision, and values. Through its learning management system and digital workplace system, the Company provides continuing education to associates throughout their careers at Ulta Beauty. Additionally, the Company’s leadership development program prepares promising future leaders for new levels of responsibility. ​ Compensation and benefits ​ The Company offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, which is designed to allow associates the ability to pick and choose which benefits are best for their and their family’s health and . Depending on their employment and work status and location, associates in the U.S. may be eligible for: ​ ● Health care coverage (medical, dental, and vision) offered to those who work more than 30 hours a week in any position; ● 401(k) plan with up to a 4% Company match up to the IRS deferral limit; ● Disability and life insurance; ● disability benefit at 80% of pay; ● Additional insurance options, including legal, pet, home, and auto; ● Tuition reimbursement program; ● Paid time off, including an extended illness bank; ● Parental leave and other resources; and ● Discounts on retail products and salon services. ​ In addition, the Company believes wellness, like beauty, is more than skin deep, so it offers mental health resources, such as counseling services and access to mobile applications, financial wellness planning and guidance, and health mobile applications and educational resources for parents. ​ The Ulta Beauty Charitable Foundation supports the Associate Relief Program to assist associates facing unforeseen hardships. The Associate Relief Program provides financial support to associates impacted by natural disasters, unforeseen medical conditions, domestic violence, and other personal challenges. ​ Workplace, Health, and Safety ​ The health and safety of guests, associates, and communities is the Company’s top priority. The Company strives to ensure that a safe and hygienic working environment is provided and that occupational health and safety practices that prevent accidents and injury are promoted. Throughout the Company’s stores, distribution centers, and corporate offices, the Company employs policies, procedures, and training to promote safe and healthy work environments. ​ Ulta Beauty’s Injury & Illness Prevention Program outlines safety expectations, but the Company also empowers its associates with knowledge and skills from various safety training courses during the onboarding process and on an ongoing basis through the Company’s learning engagement system with topics such as incident reporting, evacuation, active shooter response, hazardous materials, and heat safety. The Company continues to focus on developing and driving its culture through awareness, training, and actions to reduce the frequency and severity of safety incidents. ​ ​ ​ ​ 10 Table of Contents Supply chain ​ The Company aims to develop and operate a dynamic and agile supply chain that supports operational efficiency, performance, and guest experience and fuels organizational growth effectively. This includes enhanced systems and processes as well as a modernized distribution center network to support new store and e-commerce growth. ​ Ulta U.S. has developed a disciplined approach to procurement and a dynamic inventory planning and allocation process to support its merchandising strategy. Ulta U.S. centrally manages product replenishment to its stores through its merchandise planning group. This group serves as a strategic partner to, and provides financial oversight of, the merchandising team. The merchandising team creates a sales forecast by category for the year. Ulta U.S.’s merchandise planning group creates an plan, approved by senior executives, for each product category. The plan is updated weekly with (“POS”) data, receipts, and inventory levels and is used throughout the year to balance buying opportunities and inventory return on investment. Management believes this structure maximizes buying opportunities while maintaining organizational and financial control. POS data is used to calculate sales forecasts and to determine replenishment levels. Ulta U.S. determines promotional product replenishment levels using sales history from similar or comparable events. To ensure its inventory remains productive, Ulta U.S.’s planning and replenishment group monitors the levels of clearance and aged inventory in its stores on a weekly basis. ​ As of the end of fiscal 2025, Ulta U.S. operates four regional distribution centers and two market fulfillment centers that support both stores and e-commerce demand, and one fast fulfillment center that supports e-commerce orders only. Market fulfillment centers are smaller than regional distribution centers and focus on the most productive products, enabling us to improve service and responsiveness, especially in markets with high store and population density. In addition, over 1,000 Ulta U.S. stores fulfill e-commerce orders as part of a program. ​ Inventory is shipped from suppliers to Ulta U.S.’s distribution centers, market fulfillment centers, and fast fulfillment center, which use warehouse management software systems to manage inventory to support product purchase decisions. Product is delivered to stores using a broad network of contract and local pool (final mile) carriers. ​ Information technology ​ Ulta U.S. is committed to using technology to enhance its competitive position. Ulta U.S. leverages its technology infrastructure and systems to gain operational efficiencies through more effective use of its systems, people, and processes. In fiscal 2024, Ulta U.S. completed several strategic investment projects to upgrade key elements of its technology infrastructure, including upgrading its enterprise resource planning platform and refreshing its POS system in all stores, transitioning its digital store to a new architecture, and building a modern ecosystem for future analytics and decisioning capabilities. Collectively, Ulta U.S.’s investments provide a flexible and scalable operating environment allowing for greater business efficiency and enhancing the guest experience. The Company will continue to make investments in its information systems to facilitate growth and enhance its competitive position. Also see “Cybersecurity” included as part of Item 1C. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ​ Partnerships ​ Since 2021, Ulta U.S. has partnered with Target Corporation (“Target”) to create Ulta Beauty at Target, a “ ” concept that offers a curated assortment of more than 60 established and emerging prestige brands across a variety of categories. As of January 31, 2026, Ulta Beauty at Target was available in over 600 Target locations and on target.com. On August 14, 2025, Ulta Beauty and Target announced a mutual agreement to not renew the Ulta Beauty at Target partnership when the current agreement concludes in August 2026. Both companies remain committed to delivering a seamless shopping experience and product availability through the end of the partnership, as well as continuing to support their teams and partners during the transition. 11 Table of Contents Sustainability ​ The Company strives to operate in an environmentally responsible manner in an effort to create business value for its guests, associates, partners, and investors. The Company’s sustainability strategy focuses on advancing its commitments, improving operational efficiency, reducing waste, and leveraging its position to help drive progress across the beauty industry with regard to packaging, climate, and safer chemistry. The Company has established targets to reduce Scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas emissions and work collaboratively with partners across its value chain to advance emissions reductions. The Company also invests in energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives across its stores, offices, and distribution centers, promotes responsible packaging practices for the products that it sells, and engages partners upstream and downstream to enhance transparency and environmental performance. ​ Additional information regarding the Company’s sustainability goals, initiatives, and progress is included in the Company’s annual corporate responsibility reporting. ​ Competition ​ The Company’s major competitors for prestige and mass products include traditional department stores, specialty stores, grocery stores, drug stores, mass merchandisers, and the online capabilities of national retailers and brands, as well as e-commerce companies and online marketplaces. The market for salon services and products is highly fragmented. Its competitors for salon services and products include chain and independent salons. ​ Intellectual property The Company has registered trademarks in the United States and other countries. The majority of its trademark registrations contain the ULTA mark, including Ulta Beauty ® and two related designs, Ulta.com, and Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance (and design). The Company maintains its marks and monitors filing deadlines for renewal and continued validity. All marks that are deemed material to its business have been applied for or registered in the United States and select foreign countries, including Mexico and other countries in Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. ​ The Company believes its trademarks, especially those related to the Ulta Beauty brand, “All Things Beauty. All In One Place. ®” , “The Possibilities are Beautiful ® ”, and “Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty ® ” have significant value and are important to building brand recognition. ​ Government regulation The Company is affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions, and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations, and other constraints exist at the federal, state, and local levels in the United States as well as internationally with regard to the Company’s .S. operations. The products the Company sells, such as cosmetics (including products with cannabidiol), dietary supplements, food, (“OTC”) drugs, medical devices, and styling tools, including its Ulta Beauty branded products, may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”), the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), state regulatory agencies, and State Attorneys General, as well as similar regulatory bodies in the international locations where we do business. Such regulations principally relate to the safety, labeling, manufacturing, advertising, and distribution of the products we sell. In addition, the salon services provided in the Company’s stores may be subject to state and local regulations. ​ Cosmetics, OTC drugs, medical devices, food, and dietary supplements have specific regulatory requirements, including but not limited to ingredient, labeling, manufacturing, and holding requirements. Products such as wrinkle reducing lights may be classified as medical devices and, in addition to being subject to labeling and manufacturing requirements, may also be subject to premarketing review by the FDA. Finally, products such as styling tools (e.g., blow dryers and curling irons) are regulated by the CPSC, which has strict requirements including the requirement to report certain product defects. The labeling and packaging of these products may also be subject to the requirements of the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act and state specific requirements. 12 Table of Contents Further, statements the Company makes in advertising, including statements about the safety or efficacy of products, pricing, and environmental claims, are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, which generally prohibit unfair or deceptive practices. ​ Federal, state, municipal, and local labor and employment statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, mandates, and taxation laws, to which most retailers are typically subject, also impact the Company’s operations. The Company is also subject to typical governmental and real estate land use restrictions and typical advertising and consumer protection laws (both federal and state). Its services operations are subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements. ​ In its store leases, the Company requires its landlords to obtain all necessary governmental approvals and permits for the site to be used as a retail site, and the Company also asks them to obtain any governmental approvals and permits for the site’s specific use (but at times the responsibility for obtaining governmental approvals and permits for specific use falls to the Company). As applicable, the Company requires its landlords to deliver a certificate of occupancy for any work they perform on its buildings or the shopping centers in which its stores are located. If required by the municipality, the Company is responsible for delivering a certificate of occupancy for any remodeling or that it performs and is responsible for complying with all applicable laws in connection with such construction projects or . ​ Seasonality The Company’s business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. Significant portions of its net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. To a lesser extent, its business is also affected by Mother’s Day and Valentine’s Day. ​ Available information The Company’s principal website address is www.ulta.com. The Company makes available at this address under investor relations (at https://ulta.com/investor), free of charge, its proxy statement, annual report to shareholders, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information available on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed a part of this Form 10-K. In addition, the Company’s filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of its securities filings, including all statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and the Company does not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless it is required to do so by law. Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below reflect the Company’s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the United States or our other markets, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. References to past events are provided only for example and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their probability of occurring in the future. You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment in our common stock. Economic, Market, and Other External Risks Macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. ​ Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and elevated interest rates, as well as labor, transportation, and shipping cost pressures, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, 13 Table of Contents and cash flows. Continuing dynamic global trade conditions and elevated tariff levels could contribute to increased input costs, supply chain disruption, pricing volatility, and heightened economic uncertainty, and it could be and expensive for us to alter our operations in order to adapt to this environment. Additionally, we expect the impact of inflationary and macroeconomic pressures to continue in 2026, and we continue to closely monitor conditions, including guest behavior, and the impact of these factors on guest demand. Continuing or worsening inflation and/or cost pressures may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and/or cash flows. As we expand internationally, the magnitude of the effects of geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and cartel violence and related unrest in Mexico, on the Company’s business, financial condition, profitability, and/or cash flow could be greater than when the Company’s operations were solely U.S.-based. The health of the economy may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. or global economy generally. We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers as well as premium salon services. Uncertainty in the economy has adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and premium salon services. Factors that could affect consumers’ willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, inflationary pressures, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, tariffs or other trade restrictions (including uncertainty as to the scale and short- and effects of currently proposed or future tariffs), risks related to epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical events, and recessionary concerns. In the event of a prolonged period of inflation, an economic downturn, or a recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected net sales. Reduced consumer spending could cause changes in guest order patterns and in the level of merchandise purchased by our guests, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, a general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners, including our brand partners, as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate commercial centers in which our stores are located. A bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Adverse economic conditions could negatively affect our vendors’ access to the capital and liquidity required to maintain their inventory, production levels, timeliness, and product quality and to operate their businesses, which could adversely affect our supply chain, or could reduce our vendors’ offerings of trade credit, customer incentives, vendor allowances, cooperative marketing expenditures, and product promotions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Adverse economic conditions could also make it difficult for both us and our vendors to accurately forecast future product demand trends, which could cause us to carry too much or too little merchandise in various product categories. ​ We may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets. The markets for beauty and wellness products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. With regard to beauty and wellness products, we compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including mass merchandisers, specialty retailers, online capabilities of national retailers, e-commerce companies, online marketplaces (including those operated by social media platforms), and drug stores. In some regions or in connection with some products, we also compete against regional and national department stores, catalog retailers, local specialty retail stores, and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. With regard to salon services, we compete primarily against and discount salon chains as well as locally owned salons. We believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our guests’ shopping experience (including through our omnichannel offerings), and the convenience of our stores as destinations for beauty products and salon services. Many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources and therefore may be able to adapt 14 Table of Contents to changes in guest requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater brand recognition, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. As a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, conflicts, or other catastrophes or crises could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. ​ Epidemics, pandemics, and other public health crises, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides, as well as conflicts, such as wars, acts of violence, and terrorism, have resulted in the temporary closure of our stores and, in the future, could also result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closing of our stores, the temporary closing of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods both to and from our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by guests. Accordingly, if one or more epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, and/or acts of violence or terrorism were to occur in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to incur increased costs. ​ Climate change could adversely impact our business operations and/or our supply chain. ​ Scientific consensus shows that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have caused and will in the future cause changes in weather patterns around the globe. Climatologists predict these changes will result in the increased frequency of extreme weather events and natural disasters, which could disrupt our business operations or those of our suppliers. These weather events could also lead to an increased rate of temporary store closures and reduced guest traffic at our stores. In addition, concern about climate change and greenhouse gases may result in new or additional legal, legislative, and/or regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Any such new requirements could increase our operating costs for things like energy or packaging, as well as our product supply chain and distribution costs. ​ There is also increased focus, including by investors, guests, and other stakeholders, on climate change and other environmental, social, governance, and sustainability matters, including single use plastic, energy, waste, and worker safety. Concern about climate change might cause consumer preferences to change, including moving away from products or ingredients considered to have high climate change impact and towards products that are more sustainably made, and we expect to incur additional costs in connection with our initiatives in this area. ​ Our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to these matters and, taken together, these matters could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows, as well as our ability to meet the needs of our guests. ​ 15 Table of Contents Business, Operational, and Strategic Risks Our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors outside of our control, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales, operating income, and net income. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by holidays, such as Valentine’s Day and Mother’s Day in the first and second quarters and the November/December holiday season in the fourth quarter. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, particularly before these selling periods. If we miscalculate demand for our products generally or for our product mix during certain holiday seasons, our net sales could decline or we could accumulate excess inventory, which would harm our financial performance. If we are not successful in selling our inventory during these periods, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the excess inventory or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance have historically been affected, and may continue to be affected, by any of the other types of risks and events described in these risk factors. Accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. In that event, the price of our common stock may decline. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our sales may decline and our results of operations may be negatively affected. We must maintain sufficient inventory levels of merchandise that our guests desire to successfully operate our business. A shortage of popular merchandise could reduce our net sales. Conversely, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to maintain appropriate levels. If we overstock unpopular merchandise, then we may be forced to take significant inventory markdowns or miss opportunities for the sale of other merchandise, both of which could have a negative impact on our profitability, and, in turn, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our results of operations may be negatively affected. If we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease. We believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to: ● recognize and define product and beauty trends; ● anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences (including relating to sustainability of product sources and packaging, ingredient transparency, and animal welfare) in a timely manner; ● translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors; ● develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and ● distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate levels. 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We rely on our good relationships with brand partners to purchase prestige, mass, and salon beauty products on reasonable terms, and to offer certain brands or products that are permanently or temporarily exclusive to us. If these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain brand partners were to change their distribution model or become unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We have no supply agreements with brand partners, so our success depends on maintaining good relationships with them. Our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our brand partners to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. Some of our prestige brand partners may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. We also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing popularity of such brands. Any of our brand partners could in the future decide to scale back or end their partnerships with us and strengthen their relationships with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. If we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing brand partners, or if we fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional brand partners, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position. During fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, merchandise supplied by our top ten brand partners accounted for approximately 51% and 54% of our net sales, respectively. There continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. The loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other brand partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We also offer products that are permanently exclusive to us and offer a number of brands and products that are exclusive to us for a limited period of time or are offered in advance of our competitors. If our brand partners ceased granting us permanent or temporary exclusive rights our net sales could be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and profitability. The development and use or misuse of AI or the failure to use AI present risks and challenges that may negatively affect our business. Failure to adapt to a rapidly changing technological environment or failure to adopt emerging technologies, including advances relating to AI and agentic commerce, in a timely manner could negatively affect our business. For example, if we are unable to match or surpass the advances in technologies and capabilities of our competitors for either external (guest)-facing or internal use cases, our competitive position could be adversely affected. In addition, if we adopt new technologies such as AI and fail to deploy them effectively or if we, our associates, or third parties acting at our direction use them incorrectly, unethically, or illegally, it could have a negative impact on our business, reputation, and financial results. The development of AI technologies is complex, and there are technical and other challenges associated with achieving the desired level of accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. The algorithms and models utilized in generative AI systems may have limitations, including biases, errors, or the inability to handle certain data types or scenarios. Additionally, there is a risk of system failures, disruptions, or vulnerabilities that could compromise the integrity, security, or privacy of data inputs or generated content. These limitations or failures could result in reputational harm, legal liabilities, or loss of guest, employee, or business partner confidence. Uncertainty regarding the regulation of AI and other burgeoning technologies may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with U.S. and .S. laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. An increasing number of jurisdictions around the globe, including several U.S. states, have already proposed or enacted laws governing AI. Other jurisdictions may decide to adopt similar or more restrictive legislation that may render the use of such technologies challenging. These obligations may make it harder for us to conduct our business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or 17 Table of Contents penalties, require us to change our business practices, or prevent or limit our use of AI. If we are unable to effectively use AI, or that use is restricted, our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores and guests in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. We are a retailer carrying approximately 30,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. Any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements, inventory availability (including as a result of tariffs or trade barriers), or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores and guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, shipping and transportation costs represent a component of our cost structure and an increase in shipping and transportation costs, including as a result of inflationary pressures, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel at all levels, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. This execution requires an experienced and talented management team. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Furthermore, the success of our business depends significantly on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified associates, including store managers and other store associates, distribution center associates, and corporate personnel. Competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining the associates required to grow and operate our business profitably. In addition, fluctuations in the cost of labor, including as a result of inflationary pressures on wages, may negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. Recent or potential future legislative initiatives may seek to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wages in certain individual states or markets. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage associates, but also the wages paid to our other hourly associates. Further, should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to hire and retain associates capable of providing a high level of customer service, skilled distribution center associates, and other qualified personnel, our business could be materially adversely affected. ​ Although none of our associates are currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, we cannot guarantee that our associates will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If some or all of our workforce were to become unionized and collectively bargained terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements or work practice, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. ​ Our e-commerce platform exposes us to certain additional risks which could adversely affect our results of operations. We offer most of our beauty products for sale through our Ulta.com website and through our mobile applications. As a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain guests on a basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software, and other related operational systems. Although we 18 Table of Contents believe that our omnichannel participation is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new guests, supporting product offerings through these channels can create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if our e-commerce platform successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing guests, rather than new guests, who choose to purchase products from us online or through our mobile applications rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential future internet or mobile guests to consider competing distributors of beauty products. Offering products through our internet channel or through our mobile applications could also cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet or mobile offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. Additionally, omnichannel retailing continues to rapidly evolve, and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. As we continue to grow our e-commerce platform, the impact of attracting existing rather than new guests, conflicts between product offerings online or through our mobile application and through our stores, and opening up our channels to increased competition from e-commerce companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. If our marketing, advertising, and promotional programs are unsuccessful, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ​ Guest traffic and demand for our merchandise are influenced by our advertising, marketing, and promotional activities. We use marketing, advertising, and promotional programs to attract guests through various media, including social media, websites, mobile applications, email, and print. Our future growth and profitability will depend in part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising and marketing programs. Further, disruption to certain media channels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure and the performance of our distribution centers, fast fulfillment center, and market fulfillment centers may not be adequate to support our future growth, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We currently operate four regional distribution centers, which house the distribution operations for Ulta U.S. retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce platform, one fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only), and two market fulfillment centers, which focus on our most productive products and support e-commerce and retail stores. To support our expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, it is likely that new distribution facilities will be added and existing facilities will be refurbished in the future. Our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores and the performance of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Increased costs or interruption in our vendors’ overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment, or receipt of some of our merchandise, which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs. We directly source the majority of our Ulta Beauty Collection components and Ulta Beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products through vendors using foreign factories. In addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. Any event causing a disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of import restrictions, increased customs duties, tariffs, trade barriers (including quotas), trade wars, geopolitical events, political changes, and legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers’ ability to produce and deliver products, could result in substantial disruptions in our supply chain (including inventory availability) and materially harm our operations. We have no supply contracts with respect to such items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs, or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the U.S. from such countries. Our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, wars or other conflicts, disruption of imports by labor disputes, and local business practices. Our sourcing 19 Table of Contents operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas, or acts of war or terrorism, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment, or receipt of merchandise. Our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs. An inability to execute our real estate growth and optimization strategy could affect our financial results. Our financial performance could be affected by our ability to successfully grow and optimize our retail store footprint. There is no assurance that we will be able to locate and lease adequate desirable locations that meet our criteria. Additionally, our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms depends on conditions in the real estate markets, including competition for desirable properties, our relationships with current and prospective property owners or shopping center operators, and other factors that may be outside our control. Our financial performance could be further adversely affected if we are unable to successfully optimize our existing retail store fleet, including by opening new stores and relocating existing stores in desirable locations, renewing or extending leases, restructuring leases to obtain more favorable renewal terms, refreshing and remodeling existing stores, and, if necessary, closing underperforming and poorly located stores. If any aspect of our real estate growth and/or optimization strategy does not achieve the results we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our performance expectations. Expanding into international markets exposes us to additional risks. In 2025, we expanded internationally through our acquisition of Space NK and the establishment of a joint venture in Mexico and a franchise relationship in the Middle East. Although our international activities are not significant to our financial results, our increasing international presence exposes us to additional risks. We have relatively little operating experience in international markets and may be challenged in replicating our business model in other countries. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and promote our brand internationally. For these and other reasons, our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services grow, competition will intensify, including through adoption of evolving business models. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. In addition, our international operations are subject to a number of unique risks, including those relating to local economic and political conditions; government regulation; restrictive trade policies; restrictions on the sale or distribution of certain products or services; uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of unfamiliar local laws and legal systems; business licensing or certification requirements; limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data protection, data security, data localization, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties; laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. ​ Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain guests, associates, vendors, and/or other partners. Negative publicity or perceptions involving us or our brands, products, associates, operations, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners may negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain guests, associates, vendors, and/or other partners. Failure to detect, prevent, or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include failure of our cybersecurity measures to protect against cybersecurity incidents; product liability and product recalls; inaccurate claims regarding the sustainability or content/ingredients of the products sold in our stores, including in connection with our Conscious Beauty program; our social media activity; our handling of issues relating to corporate responsibility matters, including our responses to such matters; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or enforce our own policies; public stances on controversial social or political issues; concerns surrounding labor, environmental, workplace 20 Table of Contents safety, and other practices that may vary from U.S. standards in any of our foreign vendors or partners, whether directly or indirectly; and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. As part of our marketing efforts, we rely on social media platforms and other digital marketing to attract and retain guests. A variety of risks are associated with our social media activity and digital marketing, including the improp

[truncated]