Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ​ 33 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 7A. ​ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk ​ 45 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 8. ​ Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ​ 46 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9. ​ Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ​ 76 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9A. ​ Controls and Procedures ​ 76 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9B. ​ Other Information ​ 76 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 9C. ​ Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Part III ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 10. ​ Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 11. ​ Executive Compensation ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 12. ​ Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 13. ​ Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 14. ​ Principal Accountant Fees and Services ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Part IV ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 15. ​ Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules ​ 78 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 16. ​ Form 10-K Summary ​ 81 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Signatures ​ 82 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 Table of Contents STATEMENTS References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Ulta Beauty,” the “Company” and similar references mean Ulta Beauty, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “believes,” “expects,” “plans,” “estimates,” “targets,” “strategies” or other comparable words. Any statements contained in this Form 10-K are based upon our historical performance and on current plans, estimates, and expectations. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates, targets, strategies, or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation: ● macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and elevated interest rates, as well as prior labor, transportation, and shipping cost pressures, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows (including future uncertain impacts); ● changes in the overall level of consumer spending and volatility in the economy, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions, tariffs, and geopolitical events; ● our ability to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our strategic and financial plan; ● the ability to execute our operational excellence priorities, including continuous improvement and supply chain optimization; ● our ability to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner; ● the possibility that we may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets; ● the possibility of significant interruptions in the operations of our distribution centers, fast fulfillment center, and market fulfillment centers; ● the possibility that cybersecurity or information security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information or result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information; ● the possibility of material disruptions to our information systems, including our Ulta.com website and mobile applications; ● the failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations; ● changes in the good relationships we have with our brand partners, our ability to continue to obtain sufficient merchandise from our brand partners, and/or our ability to continue to offer permanent or temporary exclusive products of our brand partners; ● our ability to effectively manage our inventory and protect against inventory shrink; ● changes in the wholesale cost of our products and/or interruptions at our brand partners’ or vendors’ operations; ● epidemics, pandemics or natural disasters, which could negatively impact sales; ● the possibility that new store openings and existing locations may be impacted by developer or issues; ● our ability to attract and retain key executive personnel; ● the impact of climate change on our business operations and/or supply chain; ● our ability to successfully execute our common stock repurchase program or implement future common stock repurchase programs; ● a decline in operating results which could lead to asset impairment and store closure charges; and ● other risk factors detailed in our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including risk factors contained in Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 1, 2025, as such may be amended or supplemented in our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Except to the extent required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Overview Ulta Beauty is the largest specialty beauty retailer in the United States and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products, and salon services. Key aspects of our business include: Assortment. We offer guests a differentiated assortment of approximately 29,000 products from approximately 600 established and emerging beauty brands across a variety of categories and price points. We offer a wide selection of beauty and wellness categories, from mass to prestige price points, across cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, skincare, bath and body products, professional hair products, and salon styling tools. Store Footprint. We operate more than 1,400 stores predominantly located in convenient, locations. With a bright and open store environment, we make it easy for guests to discover new products and services. Our store design, fixtures, and open layout provide the flexibility to respond to consumer trends and changes in our merchandising strategy. We also offer beauty services in nearly every store, including a hair salon and a Benefit TM Brow Bar. In addition to our locations, through our partnership with Target Corporation we have more than 600 Ulta Beauty at Target which provide guests with a , prestige beauty assortment in a unique and elevated presentation in 1,000 square feet of dedicated space within certain Target locations. Leading Digital Experiences. Through our website, Ulta.com, and our mobile applications, we offer guests convenient, immersive, and personalized digital experiences. Our digital channels enable shopping and discovery, and our diverse fulfillment options, including buy online in store, buy online curbside, ship from store, ship from distribution center, and delivery, provide guests with value and convenience. In addition to e-commerce platforms, we offer guests a variety of unique digital experiences, including virtual and skin analysis tools, which leverage augmented reality capabilities and artificial intelligence tools to provide guests with personalized experiences. Loyalty Program. Our loyalty program, Ulta Beauty Rewards, enables members to earn points for every dollar spent on products and beauty services at Ulta Beauty, through purchases on our private label and credit cards, and purchases at Ulta Beauty at Target. In addition to unique membership benefits, members can redeem points for discounts on any product or service at Ulta Beauty. With more than 95% of total sales coming from members, we are uniquely positioned with a deep understanding of our customers and their preferences, enabling us to personalize experiences, recommendations, and promotions through our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform and support our brand partners’ growth. Great Guest Experiences. We cultivate human connection with warm and welcoming guest experiences across all of our channels. Our knowledgeable and approachable store associates, our differentiated service offerings, and our efforts to create relevant, compelling digital content are competitive advantages and enable us to build strong engagement with guests. We were founded in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass, and salon products were sold through distinct channels — department stores for prestige products; drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass products; and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. We developed a unique specialty retail concept that offers a broad range of brands and price points, select beauty services, and a convenient and welcoming shopping environment. We define our target consumer as a beauty enthusiast, a consumer who is passionate about the beauty category, uses beauty for , experimentation, and , and has high expectations for the shopping experience. We estimate there are approximately 140 million beauty enthusiasts in the U.S. 4 Table of Contents The following description of our business should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 and our Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our strategy We target beauty enthusiasts across multiple demographics and shopping behaviors. Beauty enthusiasts have a deep emotional connection with beauty, and historically, this connection has not diminished in softer economic environments. Our proprietary consumer research confirms engagement with the beauty category remains strong. Strong engagement paired with increasing use of social media and the convergence of beauty and wellness has invited even more consumers into the beauty category and expanded the addressable market. At the same time, the beauty landscape is evolving and guest expectations are rising, which will require continued innovation and investment to further our leadership position. Reflecting our understanding about how the consumer and beauty category are evolving, in 2024 we refreshed our strategic framework. Through a focus on four foundational areas, our strategies are designed to position Ulta Beauty as the destination for beauty enthusiasts for a lifetime, drive market share leadership in beauty and wellness, and deliver profitable growth. Assortment: Curating the best of all things beauty and wellness for all beauty enthusiasts. Beauty enthusiasts enjoy the experience of discovering and trying new products and consider beauty very much part of their and wellness journey. Reflecting these insights, our objective is to engage and continuously delight beauty enthusiasts with a curated, differentiated beauty and wellness assortment. We intend to drive product newness through a differentiated portfolio of exclusive, emerging and established brands, including Ulta Beauty Collection, and accelerate our leadership position in wellness with an expanded assortment and elevated experience. Experience: Fostering authentic, empowering human connections that inspire, delight and engage guests at every touchpoint. The guest experience is central to driving guest love and loyalty. Our consumer research suggests there are several important experience elements that are most critical to the beauty enthusiast including: creating a welcoming and inclusive environment, providing trusted guidance, offering convenience and ease, and delivering fun and immersion. To deliver on these critical needs and foster authentic, empowering human connections that inspire, delight and engage guests at every touchpoint, we intend to enhance the experience by investing in our store associates and stylists, distinct service offerings, and signature events and heighten omnichannel satisfaction, meeting every guest where they are with a robust suite of offerings and increased convenience. Loyalty: Building lifelong loyalty and brand love through member growth and personalization. To understand shifts in consumer values, perceptions, and behaviors, as well as insights, we have developed a robust consumer research capability. In addition, with more than 95% of total sales coming from our 44.6 million active Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty program members, we have unique insights about customer preferences and behavior. Based on our proprietary insights, we know beauty enthusiasts have an emotional, personal, and deep connection with beauty. Social media contributes to this connection, and we expect the influence and reach of beauty will continue to grow as engagement with social platforms increases. To build lifelong loyalty and brand love, we intend to deepen guest engagement through community building and advanced personalization with the goal of expanding our loyalty program from approximately 44 million to 50 million members by 2028 by reaching new segments of beauty enthusiasts. Access: Engaging our guests wherever they want to shop by expanding our reach through seamless and immersive omnichannel experiences. Beauty enthusiasts continue to demonstrate their commitment to and preference for the shopping experience, while also embracing the use of online shopping to supplement discovery and convenience. We have built a powerful omnichannel ecosystem that enables guests to shop in ways most convenient to them, whether in stores, on our app or website, or through our partnership with Ulta Beauty at Target. In addition, we have increased our fulfillment options, providing guests with choice, convenience, and speed. To achieve our objective of engaging our guests by expanding our reach, we intend to accelerate new store openings, targeting more than 1,800 stores over the long term; elevate digital engagement by fueling discovery through continued innovation and streamlining the shopping experience; and grow beyond our traditional channels through our partnership with Target Corporation and through international expansion in Mexico and the Middle East. 5 Table of Contents Culture and Talent: Underpinning our strategy with exceptional people, culture, and execution. We have developed and nurtured a guest and , , and culture. We are focused on reenergizing the core tenets of our culture on how we lead with a winning mindset and how we live our values to care for our guests and for each other. We have talented associates and leaders, and we value and encourage collaboration and enterprise thinking. To support our growth and enhance the guest experience, we will continue to attract, develop and retain talent at all levels and in all functional areas, and we will continue to work to create an environment that positions our associates to fully contribute and have opportunities for growth. We have achieved our success through strong operational execution. Our market We operate within the large and growing U.S. beauty products and salon services industry. In 2024, this market represented approximately $186 billion in sales, according to forecasted Euromonitor International and IBIS World Inc. In 2024, the beauty products industry totaled approximately $118 billion and included cosmetics, haircare, fragrance, bath and body, skincare, salon styling tools, and other toiletries. We estimate that Ulta Beauty had only a 9% share of the $118 billion beauty product industry. Within this market, we compete across all major categories as well as a range of price points by offering prestige, mass, and salon products. In 2024, the salon services industry totaled approximately $68 billion and included hair, skin, and nail services. We estimate that Ulta Beauty had less than 1% share of this industry. We have hair salons in substantially every store and operate brow bars in most of our stores, as well as makeup and ear piercing services through our salons. In addition, we offer skin services in approximately 150 locations. Competition Our major competitors for prestige and mass products include traditional department stores, specialty stores, grocery stores, drug stores, mass merchandisers, and the online capabilities of national retailers and brands, as well as e-commerce companies and online marketplaces. The market for salon services and products is highly fragmented. Our competitors for salon services and products include chain and independent salons. Our retail channels We are committed to meeting guests where and how they want to shop and strive to offer guests a compelling, personalized shopping experience through our stores, digital platforms, and partnerships. Stores Our member data and customer research suggests our guests prefer to transact in physical stores, where they can discover and interact with products and other beauty enthusiasts. In our fiscal year ended February 1, 2025 (fiscal 2024), 75% of our loyalty members transacted with us solely in one of our stores. Our retail stores are predominantly located in convenient, locations such as power strip centers. Our typical store is approximately 10,000 square feet, including approximately 950 square feet dedicated to our salon. We also have a smaller footprint store prototype ranging between approximately 5,000 and 7,500 square feet which provides increased flexibility to enter smaller markets or shopping centers. We offer a full range of beauty services in our stores, focusing on hair, makeup, brow, and skin services. The vast majority of our stores include an open and modern salon area, with most of our stores offering brow services on the salon floor. In addition, stores offering skin services include a skin treatment room or dedicated skin treatment area on the sales floor. The salon features a concierge desk, approximately five to ten stations, and a shampoo and hair color processing area. We employ highly skilled, licensed professional stylists and estheticians who offer services as well as educational experiences, including consultations, styling lessons, makeup applications, skincare services, and care recommendations. 6 Table of Contents In addition to opening new stores, we also remodeled and relocated certain stores, as shown in the following table: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fiscal year ended ​ February 1, February 3, January 28, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ 2023 Total stores beginning of period ​ 1,385 ​ 1,355 ​ 1,308 Stores opened ​ 66 ​ 33 ​ 47 Stores closed ​ (6) ​ (3) ​ – Total stores end of period ​ 1,445 ​ 1,385 ​ 1,355 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total square footage ​ 15,110,170 ​ 14,515,593 ​ 14,200,403 Average square footage per store ​ 10,457 ​ 10,481 ​ 10,480 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Stores remodeled ​ 41 ​ 18 ​ 20 Stores relocated ​ 2 ​ 7 ​ 12 ​ Our real estate vision is to make Ulta Beauty accessible and convenient to more consumers across a variety of markets and is a key driver of how we plan to expand our market share over time. We believe that over the long term, we have the potential to grow our store footprint to more than 1,800 freestanding Ulta Beauty stores in the United States. We leverage a variety of insights to identify the best new store locations and optimize our current store locations, including beauty market share information and insights from our loyalty members. This , analytical approach to site selection has resulted in a high performing real estate portfolio. The average investment required to open a new Ulta Beauty store is approximately $2.1 million, which includes capital investments, net of landlord contributions, expenses, and initial inventory, net of payables. Our net investment required to open new stores and the net sales generated by new stores may vary depending on a number of factors, including geographic location and store size. Our traditional layout is organized by price point, with prestige makeup and skincare on one side of the store and mass makeup and skincare on the other. As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance and evolve our experience to engage our guests, we also have a layout in select stores that brings together like categories with intuitive adjacencies to magnify our differentiated assortment. This additional layout features elevated gondolas to showcase key, iconic, and service brands and Beauty Bars that offer our brow and makeup services, support events, and highlight . In addition, select store layouts may vary due to square footage or location. ​ Digital platform In addition to store expansion, we continue to expand our digital capabilities as more of our guests choose to engage with us across physical and digital platforms. In fiscal 2024, 18% of our loyalty members shopped both in Ulta Beauty stores and through our digital platforms. Our omnichannel guests are extremely valuable, historically spending nearly three times as much as guests. Our e-commerce platform has two key roles: generating direct channel sales and profits by engaging our guests in an interactive, enjoyable way that reinforces the Ulta Beauty brand; and driving traffic to our stores, website, and native applications. As part of our digital store transformation, we recently completed a upgrade of our digital and e-commerce infrastructure to enable us to deliver immersive commerce experiences and position our e-commerce business for growth and scalability. We continue to develop and add new website and mobile features and functionality, marketing programs, new products and brands, and omnichannel integration points. In 2024, we launched Ulta Beauty Community, an online destination where beauty enthusiasts can connect and engage with one another over their shared joy for all things beauty. We continue to grow our digital business by providing our guests with a unique, rich online experience, with personalized recommendations, expanded assortments, engaging experiences, including virtual and analysis capabilities, and social media content. We continue to improve our order fulfillment capabilities with increased speed of delivery through existing distribution centers, fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only), market fulfillment centers, and select retail stores, through more 7 Table of Contents efficient processes designed for e-commerce order fulfillment. In addition to ship to home order fulfillment, we offer guests “Buy Online, in Store,” “Curbside Pickup,” and “Store 2 Door,” which provides the ability for customers to order and have products delivered to their homes. In addition, we offer delivery for e-commerce orders in virtually all markets. Partnerships To expand loyalty member engagement and introduce new guests to Ulta Beauty, we have a partnership with Target Corporation to create Ulta Beauty at Target, a “ ” concept that offers a curated assortment of more than 60 established and emerging prestige brands across a variety of categories. by Ulta Beauty and Target, the Ulta Beauty at Target shop is intended to reflect the Ulta Beauty experience with a unique and elevated presentation in 1,000 square feet of dedicated space separate but adjacent to Target’s core beauty department. The shop is staffed by Target team members who are trained by Ulta Beauty to provide recommendations and answer product questions. Members in our loyalty program, Ulta Beauty Rewards, can earn points for purchases made in the Ulta Beauty at Target shop. Loyalty points can only be redeemed in Ulta Beauty stores, on Ulta.com or through our mobile applications. As of February 1, 2025, Ulta Beauty at Target was available in over 600 Target locations and on target.com. Over time, we believe Ulta Beauty at Target could be in up to 800 Target locations, in addition to our freestanding Ulta Beauty stores. We are committed to growing our business outside of the U.S. through international expansion in Mexico and the Middle East. In Mexico, we have a joint venture partnership with Grupo Axo, an experienced operator of global brands to launch and operate Ulta Beauty in Mexico beginning in 2025. In the Middle East, we entered into a franchise partnership with Alshaya Group, a leading international franchise operator, whereby Alshaya will license the Ulta Beauty brand name and operating model in the Middle East. Merchandising Overview We offer one of the most extensive product and brand selections in our industry, including a broad assortment of branded and private label beauty and wellness products in cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, skincare, bath and body products, and salon styling tools. Across our stores, Ulta.com and our mobile applications, we offer approximately 29,000 products from approximately 600 and emerging beauty and wellness brands across all categories and price points, including Ulta Beauty’s own private label, Ulta Beauty Collection. Our merchandising team continually monitors beauty and wellness trends, sales trends, and new product launches to keep Ulta Beauty’s product assortment fresh and relevant and to ensure that our assortment reflects the diversity of our guests. We believe our broad selection of merchandise, from brands to luxury brands, creates a unique shopping experience for our guests. In addition to our partners’ brands, we believe our recently relaunched private label brand, Ulta Beauty Collection, is a strategically important opportunity for growth and profit contribution. Our objective is to provide quality, private label products to continue to strengthen our guests’ perception of Ulta Beauty, and serve as an important pillar of the Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty ® program. Ulta Beauty manages the full development cycle of these products from concept through production to deliver differentiated packaging and formulas that enhance our brand image. Ulta Beauty Collection has been certified in the Clean Ingredients and Cruelty Free pillars within the Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty ® program. We also offer products such as Tarte Double Duty Beauty cosmetics and IT Brushes for Ulta that are permanently exclusive to Ulta Beauty. Similarly, we offer a number of brands and products that are exclusive for a limited period of time or are offered in advance of our competitors, such as Morphe, Peach & Lily, and R.E.M Beauty. Ulta Beauty Collection and permanent Ulta Beauty exclusive products represented approximately 4% of our net sales in fiscal 2024. Both permanent and temporary exclusive products represented approximately 9% of our net sales in fiscal 2024. Categories We offer a balanced portfolio across six primary categories: (1) cosmetics; (2) skincare; (3) haircare; (4) fragrance; (5) services; and (6) other, which includes other revenue sources such as the private label and credit card 8 Table of Contents programs, royalties derived from the partnership with Target Corporation, and deferred revenue related to the loyalty program and gift card breakage. The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of net sales attributed to each category for the periods presented: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fiscal year ended ​ ​ February 1, ​ February 3, ​ January 28, (Percentage of net sales) ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ 2023 Cosmetics ​ 39% 41% 42% Skincare ​ 23% ​ 22% ​ 20% Haircare ​ 19% ​ 20% ​ 22% Fragrance ​ 13% ​ 11% ​ 11% Services ​ 4% ​ 4% ​ 3% Other ​ 2% ​ 2% ​ 2% ​ ​ 100% ​ 100% ​ 100% ​ Organization ​ Our merchandising team consists of a Chief Merchandising and Digital Officer who oversees the Senior Vice President of Cosmetics, Fragrance and Private Label and the Senior Vice President of Haircare, Skincare, Bodycare and Wellness, who in turn oversee category Vice Presidents who in turn oversee Divisional Merchandise Managers and their teams of buyers. Our Chief Merchandising and Digital Officer also oversees our e-commerce business and our centralized merchandise planning and forecasting group to ensure consistent execution across our omnichannel platforms and our planogram team. In stores, we present products in an environment using centrally produced planograms (detailed schematics showing product placement in the store) and promotional merchandising planners. Our planogram team assists the merchants and inventory teams to keep new products flowing into stores on a timely basis. All major product categories undergo planogram revisions on a regular basis, and adjustments are made to assortment mix and product placement based on current sales trends. Our visual marketing team works with our merchandising team to develop strategic placement of promotional merchandise, functional and educational signage, and creative product presentation standards in all of our stores. All stores receive centrally produced promotional merchandising planners to ensure consistent implementation of our marketing programs. Planning and allocation We have developed a disciplined approach to buying and a dynamic inventory planning and allocation process to support our merchandising strategy. We centrally manage product replenishment to our stores through our merchandise planning group. This group serves as a strategic partner to, and provides financial oversight of, the merchandising team. The merchandising team creates a sales forecast by category for the year. Our merchandise planning group creates an plan, approved by senior executives, for each product category. The plan is updated weekly with (POS) data, receipts, and inventory levels and is used throughout the year to balance buying opportunities and inventory return on investment. We believe this structure maximizes our buying opportunities while maintaining organizational and financial control. POS data is used to calculate sales forecasts and to determine replenishment levels. We determine promotional product replenishment levels using sales history from similar or comparable events. To ensure our inventory remains productive, our planning and replenishment group, along with senior executives, monitor the levels of clearance and aged inventory in our stores on a weekly basis. Brand partnerships We have strong, active relationships with our brand partners. Our top ten brand partners, such as L’Oréal and Estée Lauder Companies, among others, represented 54% and 55% of our total net sales in fiscal 2024 and our fiscal year 9 Table of Contents ended February 3, 2024 (fiscal 2023), respectively. We believe our brand partners view us as a significant distribution channel for growth and brand enhancement, and we work closely with them to market both new and existing brands. All brand partners and respective subcontractors and their facilities are subject to the applicable Ulta Vendor Standards, which set forth the ethical, legal, social, and workplace standards to meet in order to do business with Ulta Beauty. In addition to complying with Ulta Vendor Standards, many brand partners have committed to help advance our mission to maintain the beauty of our environment and minimize our impact on the world around us by offering sustainable packaging. We have made a commitment that 50% of packaging from products sold at our stores will be recyclable, refillable, or made from recycled or materials by the end of fiscal 2025. Marketing and advertising We employ a marketing strategy to increase brand awareness, drive traffic to our stores, website, and mobile applications, acquire new loyalty program members, improve guest retention, increase frequency of shopping, and increase spend per member. We communicate with our guests and prospective guests through multiple vehicles, including print advertising, digital and social media, television and radio. These vehicles highlight the breadth of our selection of prestige, mass and salon beauty products, new products and services, and special offers, as well as build an emotional connection with guests. Our comprehensive public relations strategy enhances Ulta Beauty’s reputation as a beauty destination, increases brand awareness, and drives awareness of new products, events, and new store openings. The Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty program is an important tool to increase retention of existing guests and to enhance their loyalty to the Ulta Beauty brand. Our CRM platform enables sophisticated analysis of the customer data in our loyalty member database as well as greater personalization of our marketing campaigns, digital experiences, and communications. Our data demonstrates that loyalty members spend more per visit as compared to . Ulta Beauty Rewards enables customers to earn points based on their purchases at Ulta Beauty stores, through our digital platforms, and at Ulta Beauty at Target. Points earned are valid for at least one year and may be redeemed on any product we sell or service we provide in Ulta Beauty stores or through our digital platforms. To enhance our loyalty program, we offer and private label credit cards. The credit cards drive higher wallet share and greater loyalty from our rewards members, provide increased consumer insights, and offer attractive economics. We are directing a growing percentage of our marketing expense towards digital, social media, and streaming advertising. We believe these channels are highly effective in communicating with existing guests, as well as driving consideration amongst those who have not yet shopped with us. In social media channels, influencers and affiliates play an important role in beauty, and we engage talent from our UB Collective, our affiliate program, and Ulta Beauties, our associate ambassador program to support our marketing efforts. Our digital marketing strategy includes search engine optimization, paid search, mobile advertising, social media, display advertising, and other digital marketing channels. Digital marketing, coupled with our national TV and radio advertising, has helped us increase brand awareness and consideration among those not familiar with Ulta Beauty, which we believe has resulted in new guests. Retail media network We have a deep understanding of our Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty members and their preferences. This unique understanding, combined with our ongoing investment in data analytics and CRM capabilities, enables us to create personalized experiences and value for our guests and has unlocked new ways for us to support our brand partners and drive additional vendor income. In 2022, we launched our retail media network, UB Media, to transform the way our brand partners can connect with beauty enthusiasts. UB Media offers brands a suite of media and advertising capabilities that aim to personalize guest engagement and drive the acquisition of new guests. ​ 10 Table of Contents Staffing and operations Retail stores Our current Ulta Beauty store format is typically staffed with a general manager, a services manager, and three associate managers, along with approximately 28 full- and associates, including approximately four to eight prestige advisors and five to ten licensed salon professionals. The management team in each store reports to the General Manager. The General Manager oversees all store activities including salon management, inventory management, merchandising, cash management, scheduling, hiring, and guest services. Members of store management receive bonuses depending on their position and based upon various performance metrics. Each General Manager reports to a District Manager, who in turn reports to a Regional Vice President of Operations, who in turn reports to a Senior Vice President of Stores, who in turn reports to the Chief Retail Officer, who in turn reports to the Chief Executive Officer. Each store team receives additional support from time to time from recruiting specialists for the retail and salon operations, regionally based talent development managers, a field loss prevention team, service district educators and service district leaders, and brand partners. Ulta Beauty stores are open seven days a week, typically eleven hours a day, Monday through Saturday, and seven hours on Sunday. Our stores have extended hours during the holiday season. Salon services A typical salon is staffed with five to ten licensed salon professionals, including six or more stylists, and select stores have an esthetician. Our most productive salons have a guest coordinator and an assistant manager. Our services district educators and brand partner education classes create a comprehensive educational program for approximately 7,500 Ulta Beauty salon professionals. Supply chain Our vision is to build and operate a dynamic and agile supply chain that improves operational efficiency, performance, and guest experience to fuel organizational growth effectively. This includes enhanced systems and processes as well as a modernized distribution center network to support our new store and e-commerce growth. We operate four regional distribution centers and two market fulfillment centers that support both stores and e-commerce demand, and one fast fulfillment center that supports e-commerce orders only. Market fulfillment centers are smaller than our regional distribution centers and focus on our most productive products enabling us to improve service and responsiveness, especially in markets with high store and population density. In addition, approximately 500 stores fulfill e-commerce orders as part of our program. Inventory is shipped from our suppliers to our distribution centers, market fulfillment centers and fast fulfillment center. We replenish our stores with such products primarily in eaches (i.e., quantities), which allows us to ship less than an entire case when only one or two of a particular product is required. Our distribution centers, market fulfillment centers, and fast fulfillment center use warehouse management software systems to manage inventory to support product purchase decisions. Product is delivered to stores using a broad network of contract and local pool (final mile) carriers. Human capital management We believe our associates, with their combined skills, knowledge, experiences, and commitment to serving our guests, are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We strive to make Ulta Beauty a great place to work by leading with our hearts, caring for each other in everything we do, and demonstrating integrity, authenticity and inclusivity in our daily actions. ​ 11 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the approximate number of associates employed as of February 1, 2025: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 20,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 38,000 Total associates ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 58,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ We have no collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any work stoppages. We believe we have good relationships with our associates. Diversity, equity, and inclusion The beauty industry is inherently diverse, and because of that, we embed inclusion efforts through a approach, led by our Chief Executive Officer, to ensure teams remain energized and motivated to lead in this critical space. At Ulta Beauty, our mission is to make beauty accessible, inclusive, and empowering for everyone. Ulta Beauty believes that everyone deserves to feel good in their own skin. We believe that when you are free to be your full self, you feel like you belong. As a company, we believe we have a responsibility to drive inclusivity and a sense of belonging for our guests and associates. We accomplish this through evolving our assortment to ensure we offer relevant products to our diverse customer base, inclusive recruitment strategies, dedicating time to celebrate diversity and inclusion, and encouraging associates to build personal habits through everyday inclusive actions. In addition, we aim to ensure that all experiences are equitable, fair, and unbiased. We take action to support this goal by providing quarterly trainings for associates and providing weekly learning opportunities to focus on guest perspectives and reinforce key takeaways. We offer similar training across the organization to help key and associates in their own learning journeys and support our Champion Diversity value and inclusion competency. The following table sets forth key metrics as of February 1, 2025: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Board of ​ ​ ​ All Other ​ ​ Directors ​ Leadership ​ Associates Women ​ 64% ​ 67% ​ 91% Men ​ 36% ​ 33% ​ 9% People of color ​ 36% ​ 28% ​ 57% ​ Oversight and management We strive to make sure that our associates are at the heart of every decision we make. The Chief Human Resources Officer, along with the entire executive team, is responsible for developing and executing the Company’s human capital strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development, and engagement of talent and the design of associate compensation and benefits programs. Our human capital objectives and initiatives, including the risks related to compensation policies and practices, management development and leadership succession, inclusion practices, and implementation and compliance monitoring of our code of business conduct, are also overseen by individual Board committees as described in our corporate governance guidelines. We believe open and honest communication is critical to maintaining strong associate engagement. We regularly conduct an associate engagement survey to determine associates’ satisfaction with their roles, their leaders, and the Company as a whole, which our executive team reviews and monitors. Our leadership team also hosts roundtable sessions, as well as additional forums, including department town halls, store and distribution center visits, and other small group gatherings, to dive deeper on specific topics. Training and development Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to attract, train, retain, and motivate qualified associates at all levels of the organization. We are committed to continually developing our associates and providing career advancement 12 Table of Contents opportunities. Our associates and management teams are essential to our store expansion strategy. We use a combination of existing managers, promoted associates, and outside hires to support our new stores. The majority of our promotions are internal. As we continue to promote and develop from within, we are building a bench of associates and leaders who understand our business well and support our culture. All of our associates participate in an interactive orientation through which each associate becomes acquainted with Ulta Beauty’s mission, vision, and values. Through our learning management system and our digital workplace system, we provide continuing education to associates throughout their careers at Ulta Beauty. Additionally, our leadership development program prepares promising future leaders for new levels of responsibility. Compensation and benefits Our commitment to our associates and their is one of our highest priorities. We have assembled a suite of benefits that affirms and supports all that our associates contribute every day, including : ● Health care coverage is offered to those who work more than 30 hours a week in any position. Coverage extends to eligible dependents, including spouses, domestic partners, and children under the age of 26. We offer comprehensive medical plans that empower associates to choose the coverage that best suits them; ● 401(k) plan with up to a 4% company match; ● Disability and life insurance; ● disability pay at 80% of pay; ● Additional insurance options, including legal, pet, home, and auto; ● Tuition reimbursement program; ● Paid time off, including an extended illness bank; and ● Discounts on retail products and salon services. In addition, we believe wellness, like beauty, is more than skin deep, so we offer mental health resources, such as counseling services and access to mobile applications, financial wellness planning and guidance, and health mobile applications and educational resources for parents. The Ulta Beauty Charitable Foundation supports the Associate Relief Program to assist associates facing unforeseen financial hardship. The Associate Relief Program provides financial support to reimburse medical bills or support temporary housing. Sustainability We strive to operate in an environmentally responsible manner. Our retail stores are focused on energy reduction efforts by maintaining safe indoor air for all customers while products are being used in our salons, using adequate lighting, managing the temperatures, and making efficient use of water needed for our salon services. In addition, we will continue to look for ways to reduce our carbon footprint by investments in renewable energy credits and working with our brand partners to identify ways to work together to reduce Scope 3 emissions. ​ Information technology We are committed to using technology to enhance our competitive position. We intend to leverage our technology infrastructure and systems to gain operational efficiencies through more effective use of our systems, people, and processes. In fiscal 2024, we completed several strategic investment projects to upgrade key elements of our technology infrastructure including upgrading our enterprise resource planning platform and refreshing our POS system in all stores, transitioning our digital store to a new architecture, and building a modern ecosystem for future analytics and decisioning capabilities. Collectively, we expect these investments to provide a flexible and scalable operating environment allowing for greater business efficiency and enhancing the guest experience. We will continue to make investments in our information systems to facilitate growth and enhance our competitive position. Also see “Cybersecurity” included as part of Item 1C. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 13 Table of Contents Intellectual property We have registered trademarks in the United States and other countries. The majority of our trademark registrations contain the ULTA mark, including Ulta Beauty ® and two related designs, Ulta.com and Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance (and design). We maintain our marks and monitor filing deadlines for renewal and continued validity. All marks that are deemed material to our business have been applied for or registered in the United States and select foreign countries, including Canada, Mexico and other countries in Latin America, Europe, and Asia. We believe our trademarks, especially those related to the Ulta Beauty brand, “All Things Beauty. All In One Place. ®” , “The Possibilities are Beautiful ® ”, “21 Days of Beauty ® ”, and “Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty ® ” have significant value and are important to building brand recognition. Government regulation We are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions, and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations, and other constraints exist at the federal, state, or local levels in the United States. The products we sell, such as cosmetics (including products with cannabidiol), dietary supplements, food, (OTC) drugs, medical devices, and styling tools, including our Ulta Beauty branded products, may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), state regulatory agencies, and State Attorneys General (State AGs). Such regulations principally relate to the safety, labeling, manufacturing, advertising, and distribution of the products. In addition, the salon services provided in our stores may be subject to state and local regulations. Cosmetics, OTC drugs, medical devices, and dietary supplements have specific regulatory requirements, including but not limited to ingredient, labeling, manufacturing, and holding requirements. Products such as wrinkle reducing lights may be classified as medical devices and, in addition to being subject to labeling and manufacturing requirements, may also be subject to premarketing review by the FDA. Finally, products such as styling tools (e.g., blow dryers and curling irons) are regulated by the CPSC, which has strict requirements including the requirement to report certain product defects. The labeling and packaging of all of these products may also be subject to the requirements of the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act and state specific requirements. Further, statements we make in advertising, including statements about the safety or efficacy of products, pricing, and environmental claims, are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, which generally prohibit unfair or deceptive practices. Federal, state, municipal, and local labor and employment statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, mandates, and taxation laws, to which most retailers are typically subject, also impact our operations. We are also subject to typical governmental and real estate land use restrictions and typical advertising and consumer protection laws (both federal and state). Our services operations are subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements. In our store leases, we require our landlords to obtain all necessary governmental approvals and permits for the site to be used as a retail site, and we also ask them to obtain any governmental approvals and permits for our specific use (but at times the responsibility for obtaining governmental approvals and permits for our specific use falls to us). As applicable, we require our landlords to deliver a certificate of occupancy for any work they perform on our buildings or the shopping centers in which our stores are located. If required by the municipality, we are responsible for delivering a certificate of occupancy for any remodeling or that we perform and are responsible for complying with all applicable laws in connection with such construction projects or . Seasonality Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. Significant portions of our net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. To a lesser extent, our business is also affected by Mother’s Day and Valentine’s Day. 14 Table of Contents Available information Our principal website address is www.ulta.com. We make available at this address under investor relations (at https://ulta.com/investor), free of charge, our proxy statement, annual report to shareholders, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed a part of this Form 10-K. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. Item 1A. Risk Factor s The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the United States, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment in our common stock. Business, Operational and Strategic Risks We may not be able to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our strategic, operational and financial plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our continued and future growth largely depends on our ability to implement our strategic, operational and financial plans and successfully open and operate new stores profitably. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our growth plans, strategic imperatives and/or operational excellence priorities, including continuous improvement and supply chain optimization, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease. We believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to: ● recognize and define product and beauty trends; ● anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences (including relating to sustainability of product sources and packaging, ingredient transparency, and animal welfare) in a timely manner; ● translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors; ● develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and ● distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate levels. 15 Table of Contents If we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores and guests in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. We are a retailer carrying approximately 29,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. Any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements, inventory availability (including as a result of tariffs or trade barriers), or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores and guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, shipping and transportation costs represent a component of our cost structure and an increase in shipping and transportation costs, including as a result of inflationary pressures, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our e-commerce platform exposes us to certain additional risks which could adversely affect our results of operations. We offer most of our beauty products for sale through our Ulta.com website and through our mobile applications. As a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software, and other related operational systems. Although we believe that our omnichannel participation is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through these channels can create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if our e-commerce platform successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing guests, rather than new guests, who choose to purchase products from us online or through our mobile applications rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet or mobile customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. Offering products through our internet channel or through our mobile applications could also cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet or mobile offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. Additionally, omnichannel retailing continues to rapidly evolve, and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. As we continue to grow our e-commerce platform, the impact of attracting existing rather than new guests, conflicts between product offerings online or through our mobile applications and through our stores, and opening up our channels to increased competition from e-commerce companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Increased costs or interruption in our vendors’ overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment, or receipt of some of our merchandise, which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs. We directly source the majority of our Ulta Beauty Collection components and Ulta Beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products through vendors using foreign factories. In addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. Any event causing a disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of import restrictions, increased customs duties, tariffs, trade barriers (including quotas), geopolitical events, political changes, and legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers’ ability to produce and deliver products, could result in substantial disruptions in our supply chain (including inventory availability) and materially harm our operations. We have no supply contracts with 16 Table of Contents respect to such items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs, or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the United States from such countries. Our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, disruption of imports by labor disputes, and local business practices. Our sourcing operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas, or acts of war or terrorism, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment, or receipt of merchandise. Our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, and these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs. We rely on our good relationships with brand partners to purchase prestige, mass, and salon beauty products on reasonable terms, and to offer certain brands or products that are permanently or temporarily exclusive to us. If these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain brand partners were to change their distribution model or are unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We have no supply agreements with brand partners, and therefore, our success depends on maintaining good relationships with our brand partners. Our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our brand partners to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. Some of our prestige brand partners may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. We also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing popularity of such brands. Any of our brand partners could in the future decide to scale back or end its partnership with us and strengthen its relationship with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. If we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing brand partners, or if we fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional brand partners of beauty products, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position. During fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, merchandise supplied to Ulta Beauty by our top ten brand partners accounted for approximately 54% and 55% of our net sales, respectively. There continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. The loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other brand partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We also offer products that are permanently exclusive to us and offer a number of brands and products that are exclusive to us for a limited period of time or are offered in advance of our competitors. If our brand partners ceased granting us permanent or temporary exclusive rights our net sales could be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink , our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ​ Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. Risk of inventory loss (also called shrink) is inherent in the retail business. We have historically experienced inventory shrink due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. While some level of inventory shrink is unavoidable, in recent years we have experienced levels of inventory shrink greater than our historical levels, which have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and financial condition. To protect against inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. ​ 17 Table of Contents Our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. Our comparable sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of factors affect our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance, including: ● general U.S. economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment; ● changes in our merchandising strategy or mix; ● performance of our new and remodeled stores; ● the effectiveness of our inventory management; ● timing and concentration of new store openings, including additional human resource requirements and related and other costs; ● cannibalization of existing store sales by new store openings; ● timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities; ● seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions; ● actions by our existing or new competitors; and ● hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes, mudslides, other natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics, and geopolitical events. ​ Accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. In that event, the price of our common stock may decline. The capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure and the performance of our distribution centers, fast fulfillment center, and market fulfillment centers may not be adequate to support our future growth, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We currently operate four regional distribution centers, which house the distribution operations for Ulta Beauty retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce platform, one fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only), and two market fulfillment centers, which focus on our most productive products and support e-commerce and retail stores. To support our expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, it is likely additional distribution facilities will be added in the future. Our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores and the performance of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If our marketing, advertising and promotional programs are unsuccessful, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. ​ Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise are influenced by our advertising, marketing, and promotional activities. We use marketing, advertising, and promotional programs to attract customers through various media, including social media, websites, mobile applications, email, and print. Our future growth and profitability will depend in part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising and marketing programs. Further, disruption to certain media channels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Use of social media may adversely impact our reputation. Given the pervasive use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of and mobile communications, negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be adverse to our reputation or business. Customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy or source. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 18 Table of Contents We also use social media platforms as marketing tools. For example, we maintain Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, and LinkedIn accounts. As laws and regulations evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel at all levels, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. This execution requires an experienced and talented management team. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Furthermore, our ability to manage our retail expansion requires us to continue to train, motivate, and manage our associates. We also need to attract, motivate, and retain additional qualified executive, managerial, and merchandising personnel and store and distribution center associates. Competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably. In addition, fluctuations in the cost of labor, including as a result of inflationary pressures on wages, may negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. Our secured revolving credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to open stores. We have an $800.0 million secured revolving credit facility with a term expiring in March 2029. Substantially all of our assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the agreement. The credit facility agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay cash dividends and repurchase our stock, and merge or consolidate with another entity, and requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 during such periods when availability under the agreement falls below a specified threshold. These covenants could restrict our operational flexibility and any failure to comply with these covenants or our payment obligations would limit our ability to borrow under the credit facility and, in certain circumstances, may allow the lenders thereunder to require repayment. Economic, Market and Other External Risks Macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. ​ Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, and elevated interest rates, as well as prior labor, transportation and shipping cost pressures, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We expect the impact of inflationary and macroeconomic pressures to continue in 2025, and we continue to closely monitor conditions, including customer behavior, and the impact of these factors on customer demand. Continuing or worsening inflation, and/or cost pressures, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and/or cash flows. Although we currently do not operate stores outside the United States, geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, have caused greater uncertainty in the global economy and exacerbated the inflation situation. The health of the economy may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the economy generally. We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and premium salon services. Uncertainty in the economy has, and could continue to, adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and 19 Table of Contents premium salon services. Factors that could affect consumers’ willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, inflationary pressures, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, tariffs, risks related to epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical events and recessionary concerns. In the event of a prolonged period of inflation, an economic downturn or a recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected net sales. In addition, a general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners including our brand partners as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate centers in which our stores are located. A bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Additionally, volatility and disruption to the capital and credit markets may have a significant, adverse impact on global economic conditions, resulting in inflationary or recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth, which, in turn, may lead to declines in consumer spending. Reduced consumer spending could cause changes in customer order patterns and changes in the level of merchandise purchased by our customers, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets. The markets for beauty products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including regional and national department stores, specialty retailers, drug stores, mass merchandisers, and discount salon chains, locally owned beauty retailers and salons, online capabilities of national retailers, e-commerce companies, online marketplaces, catalog retailers, and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. We believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our guests’ shopping experience, and the convenience of our stores as destinations for beauty products and salon services. Many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources and therefore, may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater national brand recognition, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. As a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. A reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, the other destination retailers in the shopping areas where our stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. As a result of our real estate strategy, most of our stores are located in shopping areas known as power centers. Power centers typically contain three to five anchor stores along with a variety of smaller specialty tenants. As a consequence of most of our stores being located in such shopping areas, our sales are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other destination retailers and the anchor stores in power centers where our stores are located. Customer traffic to these shopping areas may be adversely affected by the closing of such destination retailers or anchor stores, or by a reduction in traffic to such stores resulting from a regional or global economic downturn, a public health crisis, a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, or a decline in the desirability of the shopping environment of a particular power center. Such a reduction in customer traffic would reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We may respond by increasing markdowns, initiating marketing promotions, or transferring product to other stores to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income. Epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, or other catastrophes or crises could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. ​ Epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides, as well as acts of violence or terrorism, have resulted in the temporary closure of our stores and, in the future, could also result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closing of our stores, the 20 Table of Contents temporary closing of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods both to and from our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by customers. Accordingly, if one or more epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, and/or acts of violence or terrorism were to occur in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to incur increased costs. ​ Our stock repurchase programs could affect the price of our common stock and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. We may have in place from time to time, a stock repurchase program. Any such stock repurchase program adopted will not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and the existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. ​ Climate change might adversely impact our business operations and/or our supply chain. ​ Scientific consensus shows that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have caused and will in the future cause changes in weather patterns around the globe. Climatologists predict these changes will result in the increased frequency of extreme weather events and natural disasters which could disrupt our business operations or those of our suppliers. These weather events could also lead to an increased rate of temporary stor

[truncated]