Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Second Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement On November 18, 2025, Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a Second Amendment (the “Second Revolver Amendment”) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the “Revolver Administrative Agent”), which amends the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2021, by and among the Company, the borrowing subsidiaries party thereto, the lenders party thereto and the Revolver Administrative Agent (as previously amended by the First Amendment, dated as of March 6, 2023, the “Existing Revolving Credit Agreement,” and as amended by the Second Amendment, the “Revolving Credit Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Second Revolver Amendment, the parties thereto agreed to extend the maturity date of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement to November 18, 2030. The foregoing description of the terms of the Second Revolver Amendment and the Revolving Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Second Revolver Amendment (which includes the Revolving Credit Agreement as an exhibit). A copy of the Second Revolver Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 10.1* Second Amendment, dated as of November 18, 2025, among the Company, the borrowing subsidiaries thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, amending the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2021, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and the administrative agent 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) * Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish the omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Skyworks Solutions, Inc. November 24, 2025 By: /s/ Philip Carter Name: Philip Carter Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer