swks-20251003 0000004127 TRUE No. 1 2025 FY --10-03 TRUE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:shares 0000004127 2024-09-28 2025-10-03 0000004127 2025-03-28 0000004127 2026-01-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K/A Amendment No. 1 ☑ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended October 3, 2025 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________to__________ Commission file number 001-05560 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 04-2302115 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 5260 California Avenue 92617 Irvine , California (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (949) 231-3000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.25 per share SWKS Nasdaq Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. þ Yes o No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. o Yes þ No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. þ Yes o No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). þ Yes o No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company,” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. þ If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes þ No The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price of the registrant’s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on March 28, 2025, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $ 9.8 billion. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant’s common stock, par value $ 0.25 per share, as of January 26, 2026, was 149,935,620 . 1 EXPLANATORY NOTE This Amendment No. 1 amends the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (“we”, “our”, “ours”, “us”, “Skyworks” or the “Company”), for the year ended October 3, 2025 , which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on November 7, 2025 (the “Original Filing”). In addition, the following is a list of certain terms that may be referenced throughout the document: • Board: Board of Directors of Skyworks • IoT (Internet of Things): the interconnection of uniquely identifiable embedded computing devices within the existing internet infrastructure The Company is filing this Amendment No. 1 for the sole purpose of providing the information required in Part III of Form 10-K, as the Company’s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is scheduled for May 13, 2026, and, accordingly, the Company’s Proxy Statement relating to such Annual Meeting will be filed after the date hereof. Except as described above, this Amendment No. 1 does not amend any other information set forth in the Original Filing, and the Company has not updated disclosures included therein to reflect any subsequent events. 2 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth for each director and executive officer of the Company his or her position with the Company as of January 26, 2026: Name Title Philip G. Brace Director, Chief Executive Officer and President Christine King Chairman of the Board Alan S. Batey Director Kevin L. Beebe Director Eric J. Guerin Director Suzanne E. McBride Director David P. McGlade Director Robert A. Schriesheim Director Maryann Turcke Director Philip Carter Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Karilee A. Durham Senior Vice President, Human Resources Reza Kasnavi Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer Robert J. Terry Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Directors Philip G. Brace , age 55, has been Chief Executive Officer and President and a director of the Company since February 2025. Previously, Mr. Brace served as Executive Chairman of Inseego Corp. (“Inseego”) (a publicly traded designer and developer of wireless broadband and IoT solutions) from February 2024 to February 2025 and served on the board of directors of Inseego from September 2023 to February 2025. Before that, Mr. Brace was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sierra Wireless Inc. (a formerly publicly traded provider of IoT solutions) from July 2021 to January 2023 where he led the company through significant improvements. Mr. Brace also held previous roles as Executive Vice President of Veritas Software Technology Corp (a formerly publicly traded provider of data management and protection solutions for businesses) from 2019 to 2021, and President of Cloud Systems and Electronic Solutions at Seagate Technology Holdings PLC (a publicly traded manufacturer of data storage products) from 2015 to 2017. Previously, Mr. Brace served in engineering and management roles at Intel Corporation (a publicly traded developer of computer components) and LSI Corporation (a formerly publicly traded semiconductor designer acquired by Avago Technologies Limited). Other Public Company Boards Current • BlackBerry Limited Past 5 Years • Inseego Corp. (until 2025) • Lantronix, Inc. (until 2025) • Sierra Wireless, Inc. (until 2023) 3 Qualifications: Mr. Brace’s qualifications to serve as a director include his deep understanding of the semiconductor industry and his prior executive experience in the server, IoT and storage industries, as well as his track record of helping businesses enhance their product lines, market penetration and growth. Christine King , age 76, has been Chairman of the Board since February 2025 and a director since 2014. Previously, Ms. King was Lead Independent Director from 2019 to February 2025. Ms. King served as Executive Chairman of QLogic Corporation (a publicly traded developer of high performance server and storage networking connectivity products) from August 2015 until August 2016, when it was acquired by Cavium, Inc. Previously, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Standard Microsystems Corporation (“Standard Microsystems”) (a publicly traded developer of silicon-based integrated circuits utilizing analog and mixed-signal technologies) from 2008 until the company’s acquisition in 2012 by Microchip Technology, Inc. Prior to Standard Microsystems, Ms. King was Chief Executive Officer of AMI Semiconductor, Inc., a publicly traded company, from 2001 until it was acquired by ON Semiconductor Corp. in 2008. Other Public Company Boards Current • None Past 5 Years • Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (until 2021) • IDACORP, Inc. (until 2021) Qualifications: Ms. King’s qualifications to serve as a director include her extensive management and operational experience in the high-tech and semiconductor industries as well as her significant strategic and financial expertise. Alan S. Batey , age 62, has been a director since 2019. Mr. Batey served as Executive Vice President and President of North America for General Motors Company (a publicly traded automotive manufacturer), as well as the Global Brand Chief for Chevrolet, a division of General Motors Company, from 2014 until 2019. His career spans more than 39 years with General Motors where he held various senior management positions in operations, marketing, and sales around the world. Other Public Company Boards Current • None Past 5 Years • None Qualifications: Mr. Batey’s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive senior management experience at General Motors, where he developed expertise on a broad set of complex strategic, operational, and technological matters involving the automotive industry, an industry that is expected to be a growth market for the Company. 4 Kevin L. Beebe , age 66, has been a director since 2004. He has been President and Chief Executive Officer of 2BPartners, LLC (a partnership that provides strategic, financial, and operational advice to private equity investors and management) since 2007. In 2014, Mr. Beebe became a founding partner of Astra Capital Management (a private equity firm based in Washington, D.C.). Previously, beginning in 1998, he was Group President of Operations at ALLTEL Corporation (a telecommunications services company). Other Public Company Boards Current • SBA Communications Corporation Past 5 Years • Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (formerly Frontier Communications Corporation) (until 2026) • Altimar Acquisition Corporation (until 2021) • Altimar Acquisition Corp. II (until 2021) Qualifications: Mr. Beebe’s qualifications to serve as a director include his two decades of experience as an operating executive in the wireless telecommunications industry as well as his experience and relationships gained from advising leading private equity firms that are transacting business in the global capital markets. Eric J. Guerin, age 54, has been a director since 2022. He currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of RB Global, Inc. (a publicly traded provider of insights, services and transaction solutions for buyers and sellers of commercial assets and vehicles), a role he has held since January 2024. Previously, Mr. Guerin served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Veritiv Corporation (a formerly publicly traded provider of packaging and hygiene products), from March 2023 to December 2023 and its Senior Vice President-Finance from January 2023 to March 2023. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CDK Global Inc. (a formerly publicly traded provider of integrated technology solutions to the automotive industry) from 2021 to 2022. From 2016 to 2021, he served as Division Vice President and sector Chief Financial Officer at Corning Glass Technologies, a division of Corning, Inc. Previously, he served in financial leadership roles with Flowserve Corporation, Novartis Corporation, Johnson & Johnson Services Inc., and AstraZeneca PLC. Other Public Company Boards Current • None Past 5 Years • Natus Medical Incorporated (until 2022) Qualifications: Mr. Guerin’s qualifications to serve as a director include his financial and operational expertise across multiple dynamic markets. 5 Suzanne E. McBride , age 57, has been a director since 2022. Ms. McBride serves as Chief Operations Officer for Iridium Communications Inc. (“Iridium”) (a publicly traded operator of a global satellite communications network). Prior to rejoining Iridium in February 2019, where she had previously served from 2007 to 2016 in various leadership roles, Ms. McBride served from June 2016 to January 2019 as Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer for OneWeb (a privately held company building a space-based global communications network that filed a voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2020). Earlier in her career, she held a series of increasingly senior positions in technology and operations with Motorola Solutions, Inc. (a publicly traded telecommunications company) and General Dynamics Corporation (a publicly traded aerospace and defense company). Other Public Company Boards Current • Iridium Communications Inc. Past 5 Years • None Qualifications: Ms. McBride’s qualifications to serve as a director include her extensive strategy and operations expertise developed through twenty-five years of experience within the wireless technology industry. David P. McGlade , age 65, has been a director since 2005. He served as Chairman of the Board of Intelsat S.A. (“Intelsat”) (a formerly publicly traded worldwide provider of satellite communication services) from April 2013 to February 2022. Mr. McGlade served as Executive Chairman of Intelsat from April 2015 to March 2018, prior to which he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. McGlade joined Intelsat in April 2005 and was the Deputy Chairman of Intelsat from August 2008 until April 2013. Previously, Mr. McGlade served as an Executive Director of mmO2 PLC and as the Chief Executive Officer of O2 UK (a subsidiary of mmO2), a position he held from October 2000 until March 2005. Other Public Company Boards Current • None Past 5 Years • Intelsat S.A. (until 2022) Qualifications: Mr. McGlade’s qualifications to serve as a director include his significant operational, strategic, and financial acumen, as well as his knowledge about global capital markets, developed over approximately four decades of experience in the telecommunications business. 6 Robert A. Schriesheim , age 65, has been a director since 2006 and served as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company from May 2025 to September 2025. He has been chairman of Truax Partners LLC (a consulting firm) since 2018 and has served as Adjunct Associate Professor of Finance at The University of Chicago Booth School of Business since September 2023. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation (a publicly traded nationwide retailer) from August 2011 to October 2016. From January 2010 to October 2010, Mr. Schriesheim was Chief Financial Officer of Hewitt Associates, Inc. (a global human resources consulting and outsourcing company that was acquired by Aon Corporation). From October 2006 until December 2009, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lawson Software, Inc. (a formerly publicly traded ERP software provider acquired by GGC Software Holdings, Inc. in 2011). Other Public Company Boards Current • Houlihan Lokey, Inc., Lead Independent Director • Alight, Inc. Past 5 Years • Indivior PLC (until 2025) • Frontier Communications Corporation (until 2021) Qualifications: Mr. Schriesheim’s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive knowledge of the capital markets and corporate financial capital structures, his expertise evaluating and structuring merger and acquisition transactions within the technology sector, and his experience gained through leading companies through major strategic and financial corporate transformations. Maryann Turcke , age 60, has been a director since 2023. Most recently, she served as a senior advisor at Brookfield Asset Management from September 2020 to September 2022. Previously, Ms. Turcke served as Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League (“NFL”) from January 2018 to September 2020 and as a Senior Advisor for the NFL from September 2020 to May 2021. She joined the league as President of NFL Network, Digital Media, NFL Films and IT in April 2017. Prior to the NFL, Ms. Turcke served for more than a decade in various leadership roles within BCE Inc. (a publicly traded communications company formerly known as Bell Canada Enterprises), including serving from April 2015 to February 2017 as president of Bell Media, a division of BCE. Other Public Company Boards Current • Royal Bank of Canada Past 5 Years • Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (formerly Frontier Communications Corporation) (until 2026) • Northern Star Investment Corp. II (until 2023) Qualifications: Ms. Turcke’s qualifications to serve as a director include her significant operational, management and financial experience, including in the telecommunications industry. In addition to the information presented above regarding each director’s specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led our Board to conclude that he or she should serve as a director, we also believe that each of our directors has a reputation for integrity, honesty, and adherence to high ethical standards. They have each demonstrated business acumen, an ability to exercise sound judgment, and a commitment of service to Skyworks. Each of our directors will serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Executive Officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer) Philip Carter , age 47, has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2025. Mr. Carter previously served as Vice President, Corporate Controller of the Company from February 2017 to 7 November 2024. From November 2024 to September 2025, Mr. Carter was Corporate Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer at Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (a high performance and adaptive computing leader). Karilee A. Durham , age 57, joined the Company in April 2018 and is Senior Vice President, Human Resources. Previously, Ms. Durham served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources and General Affairs for Goodman Global Group, Inc. (an HVAC manufacturing and distribution company) from September 2010 to April 2018. Earlier, she held multiple senior human resources positions with Dell Inc. (a computer retailer) from October 2007 to September 2010, prior to which she held human resources positions at Flextronics International Ltd., Solectron Corporation, and UT-Battelle LLC . Reza Kasnavi , age 52, joined the Company in 2010 and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer since March 2025. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Technology and Manufacturing, from November 2019 to March 2025, as Vice President and General Manager, Open Market Platforms, from November 2012 to September 2018, and as Vice President, Central Engineering and Quality, from September 2018 to November 2019. Prior to joining Skyworks, Dr. Kasnavi spent 10 years as an investor and executive with Tallwood Venture Capital (an investment firm focused on semiconductor-related technologies and markets), holding various leadership positions at several Tallwood portfolio companies including Sequoia Communications. Robert J. Terry , age 59, joined the Company in 2003 and has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since November 2017. He previously served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 2016 to November 2017 and as Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from June 2011 to November 2016. Before joining Skyworks, he served as General Counsel and Secretary for Day Software, Inc. (“Day Software”) (an enterprise content management software company), from July 2001 to February 2003. Prior to joining Day Software, Mr. Terry was in private practice, focusing on corporate and securities matters, mergers and acquisitions, and general business litigation. Audit Committee We have established an Audit Committee consisting of the following individuals, each of whom qualifies as independent within the meaning of the applicable Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the “Nasdaq Rules”) and meets the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”): David P. McGlade (Chairman), Eric Guerin, and Christine King. The Board has determined that each of Mr. McGlade (Chairman), Mr. Guerin, and Ms. King meets the qualifications of an “audit committee financial expert” under SEC Rules and the qualifications of “financial sophistication” under the applicable Nasdaq Rules. Code of Ethics We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We make available our code of business conduct and ethics free of charge through our website at www.skyworksinc.com . We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct and ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed by posting any such amendment or waivers on our website pursuant to SEC requirements and Nasdaq Rules. 8 Insider Trading Policy We have adopted the Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading and Disclosure of Material Non-Public Information governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company’s securities by directors, officers and employees, which the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading and Disclosure of Material Non-Public Information is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K/A. 9 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Named Executive Officers This Compensation Discussion and Analysis section discusses the compensation policies and programs for our Named Executive Officers during our fiscal year ended October 3, 2025 (“fiscal year 2025”), as determined under the rules of the SEC. For fiscal year 2025, our Named Executive Officers were: • Philip G. Brace, Chief Executive Officer and President; • Philip Carter, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; • Reza Kasnavi, Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer; • Robert J. Terry, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; • Karilee A. Durham, Senior Vice President, Human Resources; • Liam K. Griffin, Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; • Kris Sennesael, Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and • Robert A. Schriesheim, Former Interim Chief Financial Officer. Chief Executive Officer Transition Following a rigorous, thoughtful and thorough CEO search process conducted by the Board with the assistance of an executive search firm, Skyworks identified Mr. Brace as Mr. Griffin’s successor. In February 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Brace would become Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Board, effective February 17, 2025. Mr. Griffin ceased serving as Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Board on February 17, 2025 and thereafter served in a non-executive advisory role for three months to support the leadership transition, after which his employment with the Company ended on May 16, 2025. Chief Financial Officer Transition On May 1, 2025, Mr. Sennesael informed the Company that he would resign from the Company, effective May 9, 2025, to accept another position, and his employment with the Company ended on May 9, 2025. On May 7, 2025, the Company announced that Mark P. Dentinger would be joining the Company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 2, 2025. However, due to an unforeseen medical condition, Mr. Dentinger did not commence employment with the Company. On May 29, 2025, the Company announced that it had appointed Mr. Schriesheim, a member of the Board, as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer and that it had commenced a search for a permanent Chief Financial Officer. Following an extensive search process with the assistance of an executive search firm, the Board appointed Mr. Carter as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective September 8, 2025, at which time Mr. Schriesheim ceased serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Engagement with Stockholders Regarding Executive Compensation In evaluating and establishing our executive compensation policies and programs, our Compensation and Talent Committee values and actively considers the opinions expressed by our stockholders through the “say-on-pay” advisory vote at each annual stockholder meeting, as well as through our ongoing stockholder engagement efforts. At our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2025 Annual Meeting”), approximately 91% of the votes cast approved our “say-on-pay” proposal, reflecting continued support for our compensation policies and determinations for our fiscal year ended September 27, 2024 (“fiscal year 2024”). 10 Following the 2025 Annual Meeting, we continued our annual stockholder engagement efforts by conducting outreach to 19 institutional stockholders representing approximately 60% of the Company’s shares outstanding. Stockholders representing approximately 49% of the Company’s shares outstanding responded to the outreach, either with written feedback, a request to speak, or by declining the invitation. Generally, investors who declined a meeting noted that they did so because they did not have any concerns to discuss. We held engagement meetings with each of those stockholders who requested to meet, representing approximately 18% of the Company’s shares outstanding. The Chairman of the Board, Ms. King, was actively involved in stockholder engagement. During these conversations, institutional stockholders were interested in discussing a range of topics beyond executive compensation, including our Chief Executive Officer transition in February 2025, the composition of the Board, business performance and strategy, our efforts to eliminate the supermajority vote provisions from our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our sustainability program. Input and feedback from our stockholders during the most recent outreach, as well as the ongoing dialogue we have shared with stockholders for many years, continues to directly inform the evolution of our compensation practices. Fiscal Year 2025 Changes For our fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee made changes to our long-term stock-based incentives for executives that were directly responsive to stockholder feedback. Effective for the fiscal year 2025 performance share awards (“PSAs”) granted to Named Executive Officers on November 5, 2024, both the performance period and vesting period for the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric were increased from two years to three years. Approach for Determining Form and Amounts of Compensation The Compensation and Talent Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules and non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, is responsible for determining all components and amounts of compensation to be paid to our Named Executive Officers, as well as any other executive officers or employees who report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation and Talent Committee sets compensation for the Named Executive Officers, including base salary, short-term incentives, and long-term stock-based incentives, at levels generally intended to be competitive with the compensation of comparable executives in semiconductor companies with which we compete for executive talent and to link the compensation of our Named Executive Officers to improvements in the Company’s financial performance and increases in stockholder value. Compensation Program Objectives The objectives of our executive compensation program are to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified executives to operate our business, and to link the compensation of those executives to improvements in the Company’s financial performance and increases in stockholder value. Accordingly, the Compensation and Talent Committee’s goals in establishing our executive compensation program include: • ensuring that our executive compensation program is competitive with a group of companies in the semiconductor industry with which we compete for executive talent; • providing a base salary that serves as the foundation of a compensation package that attracts and retains the executive talent needed to achieve our business objectives; • providing short-term variable compensation that motivates executives and rewards them for achieving Company financial performance targets; 11 • providing long-term stock-based compensation that aligns the interest of our executives with stockholders by rewarding them for long-term increases in stockholder value; and • ensuring that our executive compensation program is perceived as fundamentally fair to our employees. Retention of Compensation Consultant The Compensation and Talent Committee has engaged Aon Consulting (“Aon”) to assist in determining the components and amount of executive compensation. Aon reports directly to the Compensation and Talent Committee, through its chairman, and the Compensation and Talent Committee retains the right to terminate or replace the consultant at any time. The Compensation and Talent Committee has considered the relationships that Aon has with the Company, the members of the Compensation and Talent Committee and our executive officers, as well as the policies that Aon has in place to maintain its independence and objectivity, and has determined that Aon’s work for the Compensation and Talent Committee has not raised any conflicts of interest. Company management also purchases published compensation and benefits surveys from Aon, and on occasion engages certain affiliates of Aon in various jurisdictions for services unrelated to executive compensation and benefits, engagements for which the Company’s management has not sought the Compensation and Talent Committee’s approval. The fees paid to Aon and its affiliates in fiscal year 2025 for these surveys and additional services did not exceed $120,000. Use of Comparator Group Data The Compensation and Talent Committee annually compares the components and amounts of compensation that we provide to our Chief Executive Officer and each of the other Named Executive Officers with “Comparator Group” data for each position and uses this comparison data to help inform its review and determination of base salaries, short-term incentives, and long-term stock-based compensation awards, as discussed in further detail below under “ Components of Compensation .” For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee approved Comparator Group data consisting of a 50/50 blend of (i) Aon survey data of semiconductor companies (where sufficient data was not available in the Aon semiconductor survey data for a given executive position, the Comparator Group data also included survey data regarding high-technology companies), and (ii) data from the group of 18 publicly traded semiconductor companies listed below. Each year the Compensation and Talent Committee engages Aon to assess the peer group. Using this information, the Compensation and Talent Committee seeks to create a peer group comprised of semiconductor companies. Consolidation within the semiconductor industry over time has resulted in fewer semiconductor companies that are of similar market capitalization and revenue as Skyworks. As a result, when considering companies to potentially include in the peer group, the Compensation and Talent Committee also considers companies in adjacent industries, such as the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry, as well as companies with smaller or greater revenue or market capitalization than the Company, many of which are business competitors and companies with which we compete for executive talent. For the Company’s fiscal year 2025 compensation program, we made an adjustment to our peer group from the prior fiscal year by adding GlobalFoundries, a semiconductor company. Peer Group for Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation (“FY25 Peer Group”) Advanced Micro Devices Lam Research NXP Semiconductors Teradyne Analog Devices Marvell Technology ON Semiconductor Texas Instruments Entegris Microchip Technology Qorvo Western Digital GlobalFoundries Micron Technology QUALCOMM KLA Corporation Monolithic Power Systems Seagate Technology 12 The Compensation and Talent Committee generally seeks to make decisions regarding each Named Executive Officer’s compensation that are competitive within the Comparator Group, with consideration given to the executive’s role, responsibility, performance, and length of service. After reviewing the Comparator Group data and considering the input of Aon, during its regular cycle in November 2024, the Compensation and Talent Committee established (and the full Board was advised of) the base salary, short-term incentive target, and stock-based compensation for each then-Named Executive Officer for fiscal year 2025. Aon advised the Compensation and Talent Committee that such components of executive compensation for fiscal year 2025 were competitive for chief executive officers and other executive officers at companies of similar size and complexity in the semiconductor industry. For the compensation of the Named Executive Officers as of November 2024, other than Mr. Griffin, the Compensation and Talent Committee received input from Mr. Griffin, the then-Chief Executive Officer. Along with this input, the Compensation and Talent Committee considered each individual’s responsibilities and experience, as well as internal factors such as scope of role and level in the organization and external factors such as the current environment for attracting and retaining executives. Compensation Approach for Our Chief Executive Officer In determining the compensation of our then-Chief Executive Officer for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee focused on (i) competitive levels of compensation for chief executive officers who are leading companies of similar size and complexity, (ii) the importance of retaining and incentivizing a chief executive officer with the strategic, financial, and leadership skills necessary to ensure our continued growth and success, and (iii) our Chief Executive Officer’s role relative to the other Named Executive Officers. For Mr. Griffin’s compensation for fiscal year 2025, which was determined in November 2024, in addition to the foregoing factors, the Compensation and Talent Committee also considered input from the full Board on his prior performance. Mr. Griffin was not present during the voting or deliberations of the Compensation and Talent Committee concerning his compensation. The Compensation and Talent Committee left Mr. Griffin’s base salary unchanged for fiscal year 2025, the second fiscal year in a row that his base salary was not increased, and the Compensation and Talent Committee approved a long-term incentive award in an amount with a grant date fair value less than what he received in fiscal year 2024. In connection with the transition of the role of Chief Executive Officer from Mr. Griffin to Mr. Brace in fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee considered several additional factors in setting Mr. Brace’s compensation. In order to induce Mr. Brace to join the Company, the Compensation and Talent Committee took into account, among other things, Mr. Brace’s experience and qualifications, input from Aon, and opportunities to receive significant incremental compensation by continuously increasing shareholder value. The Compensation and Talent Committee sought to prepare an incentive-based compensation package that would align Mr. Brace’s compensation with stockholder interests and the long-term performance of the Company’s stock price. The Compensation and Talent Committee aimed to achieve this goal by granting Mr. Brace a compensation package heavily weighted towards performance with long-term equity incentive awards. First, to align performance objectives with the executive team, the Company granted Mr. Brace the following equity awards: (i) a restricted stock unit (“RSU”) award for 43,682 shares (the “FY25 Brace RSU”), which is subject to time-based vesting over a period of four years with such vesting deemed to have commenced on November 5, 2024 and (ii) a PSA for 65,524 shares (the “FY25 Brace PSA”), which may be earned upon the achievement of the same performance metrics used for the PSAs granted to the Company’s other executive officers for fiscal year 2025. In addition, the Company granted Mr. Brace a new hire PSA for 455,028 shares (the “Brace New Hire PSA”), which can be earned based on the level of achievement of stock price hurdles measured during the four-year performance period commencing on February 17, 2027 and ending on February 17, 2031. The stock price hurdles 13 will be measured against a base price of $65.63714, which is equal to the average closing price for the seven trading days following February 5, 2025. Twenty percent of the shares subject to the Brace New Hire PSA are earned upon achievement of each of the price hurdles and vest on the one-year anniversary of the applicable price hurdle achievement date, subject to continued service on such date, as outlined below, representing significant hurdles requiring large sustained increases in the Company’s share price, and linking pay to shareholder value creation. Tranche Percentage Increase in Share Price Share Price Hurdle Percentage of Total Number of Shares Subject to the Award 1 +25.00% $82.04643 20% 2 +50.00% $98.45571 20% 3 +75.00% $114.86500 20% 4 +100.00% $131.27429 20% 5 +150.00% $164.09286 20% Compensation Approach for Our Chief Financial Officer In determining the compensation offer to induce Mr. Carter to join the Company, the Compensation and Talent Committee took into account, among other things, input from Aon, benchmarking data among peers, Mr. Carter’s experience and qualifications, and the substantial unvested equity awards and other compensation opportunities that Mr. Carter would surrender by leaving his role as Chief Accounting Officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. The Compensation and Talent Committee sought to tie Mr. Carter’s equity incentive compensation to the long-term performance of the Company’s stock price and the interests of the Company’s stockholders. The Compensation and Talent Committee aimed to achieve this goal by granting Mr. Carter the following equity awards: (i) an RSU award for 39,666 shares, which is subject to time-based vesting over a period of four years with such vesting deemed to have commenced on September 8, 2025 (“Carter New Hire RSU”) and (ii) a PSA for 50,244 shares, which will vest based on the Company’s absolute level of achievement of TSR over the three fiscal year period starting on October 4, 2025 and ending on September 29, 2028, subject to Mr. Carter’s continued employment through November 11, 2028, as further set forth below (“Carter New Hire PSA”). Performance Achieved Minimum Target Maximum Positive TSR 25.0% 50.0% 75.0% % of Shares Earned With Respect to TSR 25.0% 50.0% 100.0% Mr. Carter also received an $800,000 signing bonus to help offset the repayment of a signing bonus he had received from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and the forfeiture of restricted stock units granted by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. that had been scheduled to vest on December 15, 2025. Components of Compensation The key elements of compensation for our Named Executive Officers are base salary, short-term incentives, long-term stock-based incentives, and health and welfare benefits. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee sought to make decisions that would result in each Named Executive Officer’s target total direct compensation being competitive within the Comparator Group, with consideration given to the executive’s role, responsibility, performance, and length of service. 14 Base Salary The Compensation and Talent Committee annually determines a competitive base salary for each executive officer using the Comparator Group data and input provided by Aon. Base salaries are intended to attract and retain talented executives, recognize individual roles and responsibilities and provide stable income to executives . In order to provide flexibility in consideration of differences in an individual executive’s scope of responsibilities, length of service, and performance, the Compensation and Talent Committee did not target a specific percentile of the Comparator Group for executive officer salaries; however, the salaries of the executive officers were generally near the median of the Comparator Group. The base salary for Mr. Griffin for fiscal year 2025 was unchanged from fiscal year 2024, the second fiscal year in a row where Mr. Griffin ’ s base salary was not increased. The base salary increase for fiscal year 2025 for each Named Executive Officer who was also an executive officer of the Company in fiscal year 2024, as reflected in the table below, was effected in November 2024. Each salary increase was based on the market-based salary adjustments recommended by Aon, as well as recommendations by the then-Chief Executive Officer, and took into consideration the scope of duties for such Named Executive Officer. FY2025 Base Salary ($) FY2024 Base Salary ($) Karilee A. Durham 530,000 500,000 Reza Kasnavi (1) 650,000 600,000 Robert J. Terry 585,000 562,000 Liam K. Griffin 1,175,000 1,175,000 Kris Sennesael 675,000 630,000 ________________________ (1) In connection with his promotion to Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer, Mr. Kasnavi’s base salary for fiscal year 2025 was increased to $700,000 effective March 15, 2025. The fiscal year 2025 base salary for each Named Executive Officer who was not an executive officer of the Company in fiscal year 2024 is reflected in the table below. FY2025 Base Salary ($) Philip G. Brace 900,000 Philip Carter 600,000 Robert A. Schriesheim 625,000 Short-Term Incentives Overview Our short-term incentive compensation plan for executive officers is established annually by the Compensation and Talent Committee and is intended to motivate and reward executives by tying a significant portion of their total cash compensation to the Company’s achievement of pre-established performance goals that are generally one year or less in duration. The Compensation and Talent Committee believes that pre-established performance goals under the Company’s short-term incentive compensation plan for executive officers should generally be measured over a one-year performance period. 15 Incentive Opportunities For each executive officer, short-term incentive compensation at the “target” level is designed to be near the median short-term incentive compensation of the Comparator Group. After reviewing Comparator Group data, the Compensation and Talent Committee determined that the target incentive under the fiscal year 2025 Executive Incentive Plan (the “Incentive Plan”), as a percentage of base salary, for each of the Named Executive Officers should not be changed, as compared to the target incentives under the prior year’s short-term incentive plan. Excluding Mr. Schriesheim, who was not eligible to receive short-term incentive compensation in his role as Interim Chief Financial Officer, the following table shows the range of short-term incentive compensation that each Named Executive Officer could earn in fiscal year 2025 as a percentage of such executive officer’s annual base salary. Threshold Target Maximum Chief Executive Officer 80% 160% 320% Chief Financial Officer 50% 100% 200% EVP, Chief Operations and Technology Officer (1) 40% 80% 160% Other Named Executive Officers 40% 80% 160% ________________________ (1) When Mr. Kasnavi received a promotion to his current position in March 2025, he received an increase in his short-term incentive opportunity by 10% (from 80% of his prior base salary to 90% of his increased base salary), with an increase in the threshold amount to 45% of base salary and the opportunity to earn up to a maximum of 180% of the target award to the extent the Company exceeds its target performance metrics in fiscal year 2025, in recognition of his new role and responsibilities. Performance Goals In December 2024, the Compensation and Talent Committee established performance goals for the Incentive Plan that were based on achieving revenue and non-GAAP operating income performance goals, each of which was weighted at 50%. The non-GAAP operating income performance goal was measured based on the Company’s publicly disclosed non-GAAP operating income 1 after accounting for any incentive award payments, including those to be made under the Incentive Plan. The target level performance goals were established by the Compensation and Talent Committee under the Incentive Plan after reviewing the Company’s historical operating results, as well as the Company’s business outlook and expected future results relative to peers and were designed to require significant effort and operational success on the part of our executives and the Company. The maximum level performance goals established by the Compensation and Talent Committee have historically been difficult to achieve and are designed to represent outstanding performance that the Compensation and Talent Committee believes should be rewarded. 1 Non-GAAP operating income typically excludes from GAAP operating income the following: share-based compensation expense, acquisition-related expenses, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, settlements, gains, losses, and impairments and restructuring-related charges. 16 The performance goals established under the Incentive Plan for fiscal year 2025 were as follows: (in millions) Revenue Non-GAAP Operating Income Threshold $3,750 $800 Target $4,000 $912 Maximum $4,400 $1,137 The Compensation and Talent Committee seeks to set challenging yet attainable performance goals for incentive compensation to motivate our executives. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee, after substantial evaluation and discussion, set target performance goals that were below fiscal year 2024 performance. Nonetheless, the Compensation and Talent Committee believed that these goals reflected an appropriate level of rigor given several factors. The goals were established in alignment with the Company’s annual operating plan for fiscal year 2025, which took into account the broader macroeconomic environment, market conditions and the performance expectations of our stockholders. The Incentive Plan also stipulated that payouts to executives following the end of the fiscal year, under either of the revenue and non-GAAP operating income metrics, were conditioned upon the Company achieving full-year non-GAAP operating income of at least $0.8 billion. Calculation of Incentive Plan Payments Under the Incentive Plan, upon completion of the fiscal year, the Compensation and Talent Committee determined the extent to which the Company’s performance goals were attained, reviewed the Chief Executive Officer’s recommended payouts under the Incentive Plan, and approved the awards to be made under the Incentive Plan. Achievement under the performance goals at the “threshold,” “target,” or “maximum” level corresponds to payment under the Incentive Plan at the “threshold,” “target,” or “maximum” percentage, as applicable, with such percentage multiplied by the executive’s base salary for fiscal year 2025 and then multiplied by the weighting assigned to that performance goal. The payout for achievement under the performance goals between either the “threshold” and “target” levels or the “target” and “maximum” levels would be based on linear interpolation between the two relevant amounts. Each executive’s payment under the Incentive Plan is calculated by evaluating achievement of each performance goal individually, determining the portion of the total eligible incentive payment earned with respect to each such performance goal, and totaling the resulting amounts. The Compensation and Talent Committee retained the discretion to make payments, upon consideration of recommendations by the Chief Executive Officer, even if the threshold performance goals were not met or if the nominal level of non-GAAP operating income was not met, or to make payments in excess of the maximum level if the Company’s performance exceeded the maximum performance goals. While the Compensation and Talent Committee believed it was appropriate to retain this discretion in order to make short-term incentive compensation awards in appropriate extraordinary circumstances, no such adjustments were actually made. Fiscal Year Results For fiscal year 2025, the Company’s revenue and non-GAAP operating income achieved were $4,087 million and $995 million, respectively, resulting in a short-term compensation award equal to 129% of the target payment level for each individual who was a Named Executive Officer as of the end of fiscal year 2025. This outcome was largely driven by strong performance and operational execution to meet higher than expected demand for our products. 17 In November 2025, upon certifying the level of revenue and non-GAAP operating income that had been achieved for the fiscal year, the Compensation and Talent Committee approved payment of the short-term incentive to the Company’s executives for fiscal year 2025. The Compensation and Talent Committee did not exercise discretion, either upward or downward, to Named Executive Officers’ payments under the Incentive Plan. The following table shows the Company’s achievement under the Incentive Plan: (in millions) Revenue Non-GAAP Operating Income Threshold $3,750 $800 Target $4,000 $912 Maximum $4,400 $1,137 Achieved $4,087 $995 Long-Term Stock-Based Compensation Overview The Compensation and Talent Committee generally makes long-term stock-based compensation awards to executive officers on an annual basis. Long-term stock-based compensation awards are intended to align the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders and to reward our executive officers for increases in stockholder value over periods of time greater than one year. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee made an annual stock-based compensation award on November 5, 2024 to each of the Named Executive Officer as of that date, at a regularly scheduled Compensation and Talent Committee meeting. For information about the long-term stock based compensation awards granted to Mr. Brace and Mr. Carter in fiscal year 2025, see “ Compensation Approach for Our Chief Executive Officer” and “ Compensation Approach for Our Chief Financial Officer ”, respectively. Fiscal Year 2025 Stock-Based Compensation Awards In making annual stock-based compensation awards to executive officers for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee first reviewed the Comparator Group grant data by executive position. The Compensation and Talent Committee used that data to inform its determination of a target dollar value for the long-term stock-based award for each executive officer, as set forth in the table below, targeting awards for fiscal year 2025 that were competitive within the Comparator Group. Each executive officer was granted a PSA and an RSU award equivalent to 60% and 40%, respectively, of the dollar value of the executive’s fiscal year 2025 stock-based award, calculating the number of shares subject to each award using the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant of such award and an assumption that the Company would achieve the “target” level of performance required to earn the PSA. The Compensation and Talent Committee’s rationale for awarding PSAs is to further align the executive’s interests with those of our stockholders by using equity awards that will vest only if the Company achieves pre-established performance goals, and we believe the Compensation and Talent Committee’s decision to award a portion of the PSAs subject to metrics measured over a multi-year performance period more closely aligns the executive’s interests with those of our stockholders. Each RSU award granted to executive officers in fiscal year 2025 vests over four years at a rate of twenty-five percent (25%) per year commencing one year from the grant date and thereafter on each subsequent anniversary of the grant date for the following three years, provided the executive officer remains employed by the Company through each such vesting date. The long-term incentive awards granted in fiscal year 2025 for Mr. Brace and Mr. Carter are described above in “ Compensation Approach for Our Chief Executive Officer ” and “ Compensation Approach for Our Chief Financial Officer ”. 18 Name Value of FY25 Stock-Based Award (1) Number of Shares Subject to PSAs, at Target (2) Number of Shares Subject to RSUs (2) Liam K. Griffin $10,000,000 67,735(3) 45,156(4) Kris Sennesael $5,400,000 36,577 24,384 Reza Kasnavi $4,200,000 28,448 18,966 Robert J. Terry $3,000,000 20,320 13,547 Karilee Durham $2,600,000 17,611 11,740 ________________________ (1) The grant date fair values of these stock-based awards as disclosed further below in the “Summary Compensation Table” and the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table” differ from the values stated above due to the grant date fair value of the PSAs being computed using a Monte Carlo simulation to value the portion of the award related to TSR percentile ranking, in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718—Compensation—Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”). (2) Reflects the dollar value of the award, divided by $88.58 per share, which was the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on November 5, 2024. (3) Mr. Griffin’s awards were forfeited on May 16, 2025 in connection with his termination of employment. (4) The terms of this award provided that in the event of a termination of employment of Mr. Griffin by the Company without cause or by Mr. Griffin for good reason, or by reason of Mr. Griffin’s death or disability (“cause” and “good reason”, in the Second Amended and Restated Change in Control / Severance Agreement, dated May 10, 2023, by and between Mr. Griffin and the Company (the “Griffin Agreement”)), and subject to Sections 6, 8, 12.3 and 12.4 of the Griffin Agreement, the award would become vested solely with respect to the number of Pro Rata Shares (as defined below), reduced by the number of shares that have previously vested. “Pro Rata Shares” means the total number of shares subject to the award multiplied by a fraction equal to (i) the greater of 180 days or the number of calendar days between November 5, 2024 and the date of the termination of service, divided by (ii) the total number of calendar days between November 5, 2024 and November 5, 2028. Mr. Griffin ceased to be employed by the Company on May 16, 2025 at which time his award was vested with respect to 5,934 shares. After setting award levels by position and evaluating our business needs for the attraction and retention of executives and employees as well as internal and external circumstances impacting the Company and its employees, the Compensation and Talent Committee also reviewed the Comparator Group data to set the aggregate number of shares of the Company’s common stock that would be made available for annual equity awards to eligible non-executive employees of the Company, as a percentage of the total number of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock. FY25 PSAs The PSAs granted on November 5, 2024 (the “November 2025 PSAs”) and the FY25 Brace PSA (together with the November 2025 PSAs, the “FY25 PSAs”), have both “performance” and “continued employment” conditions that must be met in order for the executive to receive shares underlying the award. 19 The “performance” condition of the FY25 PSAs compares the Company’s performance under three distinct metrics during the applicable performance period against a range of pre-established targets, as follows: Percentage of Aggregate Target Level Shares Performance Period Vesting Target Level Shares with Respect to Emerging Revenue Growth Metric (1) 25% Fiscal Year 2025 100% at the End of Year Two Target Level Shares with Respect to EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking Metric (2) 25% Fiscal Years 2025–2027 100% at the End of Year Three Target Level Shares with Respect to TSR Percentile Ranking Metric (3) 50% Fiscal Years 2025–2027 100% at the End of Year Three ________________________ (1) The emerging revenue growth metric measures the Company’s year-over-year revenue growth in certain key product categories, each of which represents an identified longer-term growth market for the Company. (2) The EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric measures the Company’s EBITDA margin achieved relative to the companies in our FY25 Peer Group during a three-year performance period comprising the Company’s fiscal years 2025, 2026 and 2027. For purposes of the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric, EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing EBITDA by revenue for the applicable period, where EBITDA is defined as non-GAAP operating income, plus depreciation and amortization, for the applicable period. With respect to the Company and each FY25 Peer Group company, EBITDA and revenue are calculated based on publicly reported financial information for the applicable period (which for the FY25 Peer Group companies consists of the twelve-quarter period that ends closest to, but not later than, October 3, 2027). 2 When calculating the Company’s EBITDA margin, the impact of any acquisition or disposition occurring within the performance period is excluded if the revenue attributable to such acquisition or disposition exceeds $50 million during such period. (3) The TSR percentile ranking metric measures the Company’s percentile ranking achieved with respect to its peer group. The peer group for purposes of the TSR percentile ranking metric includes each of the companies in the S&P 500 Index during the performance period but excludes any such company that during the three-year performance period is acquired by or merged with (or enters into an agreement to be acquired by or merged with) another entity. For purposes of the PSA award, TSR for the Company and for each company in the peer group is calculated using a starting price and ending price, which consist of the average of the closing prices for each trading day during the sixty (60) consecutive calendar days ending on, and including, the last trading day before the measurement period begins and the last trading day of the measurement period, respectively, assuming dividend reinvestment and adjusting for stock splits, as applicable. The semiconductor industry generally and, in particular, many of the markets into which the Company sells its connectivity products, are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, continuous product evolution, and short product life cycles, including annual product refreshes in some cases. Recognizing that a significant driver of long-term growth is our ability to identify and execute on emerging revenue growth opportunities, the Compensation and Talent Committee retained emerging revenue growth as a one-year metric (representing 25% of the target value of the PSAs) to incentivize our management team on specific emerging product lines that had higher growth potential for that year and were intended to drive long-term value creation. For 25% of the target value under the FY25 PSAs, the Compensation and Talent Committee utilized a three-year EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric that measures performance relative to the FY25 Peer Group. To incentivize above-median performance, the Compensation and Talent Committee set the target percentile for the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric at the 55 th percentile of our FY25 Peer Group. Following stockholder feedback received after the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Compensation and Talent Committee 2 When calculating the EBITDA margin percentile ranking, the performance of a company in the FY25 Peer Group will be included if during the performance period such company in the FY25 Peer Group publicly reports quarterly financial results for at least ten consecutive quarters out of the twelve applicable quarters. 20 determined that shares earned pursuant to the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric for awards granted to Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2025 would be subject to a three-year performance period and would not vest until the three-year anniversary of the grant date, which reflected an increase in the performance period from two years to three years compared to the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric for PSAs granted in fiscal year 2024. As in prior years, the remaining half of the target value under the FY25 PSAs was based on a three-year TSR percentile ranking. The specific pre-established performance goals for the FY25 PSAs under the emerging revenue growth, EBITDA margin percentile ranking and TSR percentile ranking metrics are as follows: Company Metric Threshold Target Maximum 1-year Emerging Revenue Growth (%) 10.0% 15.0% 20.0% 3-year EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking 25th 55th 75th 3-year TSR Percentile Ranking 25th 55th 90th As with the Incentive Plan, the pre-established targets under the FY25 PSAs were established by the Compensation and Talent Committee after reviewing the Company’s historical operating results and growth rates as well as the Company’s expected future results relative to peers and were designed to require significant effort and operational success on the part of our executives and the Company: • Emerging Revenue Growth Metric: The target level was set at 15.0%, representing above-market annual growth, the maximum level was set at 20.0%, which the Compensation and Talent Committee believed represented outstanding performance that would be difficult to achieve, and the threshold level was set at 10.0% as a result of continued market uncertainties. The threshold, target and maximum levels vary year to year as a result of the composition of what, as part of the Company’s product portfolio, comprises emerging revenue. For fiscal year 2025, emerging revenue growth was based on driving growth in the following key product categories: automotive, WiFi growth markets (i.e. WiFi 7/8), strategic bulk acoustic wave (“BAW”) expansion (i.e., BAW-enabled products excluding products sold to our largest customer), audio solutions, and mixed-signal solutions business organization (excluding automotive to avoid duplication). • EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking Metric: The Compensation and Talent Committee set the target percentile at the 55 th percentile of the FY25 Peer Group in order to further incentivize above-median performance. • TSR Percentile Ranking Metric: Consistent with the prior year’s award, the Compensation and Talent Committee set the target percentile at the 55 th percentile of the applicable peer group in order to further incentivize above-median performance. The number of shares issuable under the FY25 PSAs corresponds to the level of achievement of the performance goals, as follows (subject to linear interpolation for amounts between “threshold” and “target” or “target” and “maximum”): Performance Achieved Threshold Target Maximum % of Target Level Shares Earned with Respect to Emerging Revenue Growth Metric 50% 100% 200% % of Target Level Shares Earned with Respect to EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking Metric 50% 100% 200% % of Target Level Shares Earned with Respect to TSR Percentile Ranking Metric 50% 100% 300% 21 The “continued employment” condition of the FY25 PSAs provides that, to the extent that the performance goals are met, the shares earned under such metrics would vest as follows (provided, in each case, that the executive remains employed by the Company through each such vesting date): Anniversary of Grant Date (1) Two Year Three Year % of Shares Earned with Respect to Emerging Revenue Growth Metric 100% % of Shares Earned with Respect to EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking Metric 100% % of Shares Earned with Respect to TSR Percentile Ranking Metric 100% ________________________ (1) In the event of termination by reason of death or permanent disability, the holder of an FY25 PSA (or the holder’s estate) would receive any earned but unissued shares that would have been issuable thereunder during the remaining term of the award. During fiscal year 2024, the base period against which fiscal year 2025 emerging revenue performance was measured, the Company achieved revenue in the specified key product categories of $596 million. During fiscal year 2025, the Company achieved revenue in the specified key product categories of $740 million, representing emerging revenue growth of 24%, which was above the “maximum” level of performance. This resulted in the Company achieving 200% of the target level of shares for such metric. The shares earned under this metric will be issued in November 2026, provided that the Named Executive Officer meets the continued employment condition. Outstanding PSAs at the End of Fiscal Year 2025 As summarized in the table below of the annual PSA grants made to Named Executive Officers since fiscal year 2023, achievement of the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric and TSR percentile ranking metric under the FY25 PSAs, each of which is subject to a three-year performance period, will be determined following the conclusion of the Company’s fiscal year ending October 1, 2027 (“fiscal year 2027”), and achievement of the TSR percentile ranking metric under the FY24 PSAs, which is subject to a three-year performance period, will be determined following the conclusion of fiscal year 2026. During the three-year performance period under the fiscal year 2023 PSAs comprising the Company’s fiscal years 2023, 2024, and 2025, the Company realized a TSR of -20% resulting in its ranking in the 15th percentile against the applicable peer group. As a result of failing to achieve the 22 threshold TSR percentile ranking metric, no shares were earned by the Named Executive Officers with respect to such metric, and all PSAs with respect to such metric were cancelled. PSA Fiscal Year Grant Date Metric Performance Period Achieved (% of Target) FY23 11/8/2022 Emerging Revenue Growth FY23 200% 2-year EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking FY23–FY24 125% 3-year TSR Percentile Ranking FY23–FY25 0% FY24 11/7/2023 Emerging Revenue Growth FY24 61% 2-year EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking FY24–FY25 67% 3-year TSR Percentile Ranking FY24–FY26 Perf. Period in Progress (1) FY25 11/5/2024 Emerging Revenue Growth FY25 200% 3-year EBITDA Margin Percentile Ranking FY25–FY27 Perf. Period in Progress (2) 3-year TSR Percentile Ranking FY25–FY27 Perf. Period in Progress (3) ________________________ (1) As of January 26, 2026, performance under this metric during the applicable performance period was below the “threshold” level of performance. (2) As of January 26, 2026, performance under this metric during the applicable performance period was below the “threshold” level of performance. (3) As of January 26, 2026, performance under this metric during the applicable performance period was below the “threshold” level of performance. Other Compensation and Benefits We provide other benefits to our executive officers that are intended to be part of a competitive overall compensation program and are not tied to any company performance criteria. Consistent with our objective of having compensation programs that are considered fair to our employees, executive officers are eligible to participate in the Company’s medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance plans, as well as the Company’s 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan, under the same terms as such benefits are offered to other benefits-eligible employees. We do not provide executive officers with any enhanced retirement benefits (i.e., executive officers are subject to the same limits on contributions as other employees, as we do not offer any supplemental executive retirement plan or other similar non-qualified deferred compensation plan), and they are eligible for 401(k) company-match contributions under the same terms as other employees. We offered executives the opportunity to participate in a reimbursement program for fiscal year 2025 providing up to an aggregate of $20,000 to each executive for the purchase of personal financial planning services, estate planning services, personal tax planning and preparation services, and/or an executive physical. No tax gross-up was provided for such reimbursements. In fiscal year 2025, each of the Named Executive Officers, other than Mr. Kasnavi, received reimbursement in connection with such services. In connection with his offer of employment with the Company, Mr. Brace is entitled to reimbursement for certain relocation costs, the cost of commercial airline flights for commuting to the Company’s headquarters, temporary apartment costs, and certain tax gross-ups relating to the foregoing in addition to the other benefits discussed above. Severance and Change-in-Control Benefits None of our executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, has an employment agreement that provides a specific term of employment with the Company. Accordingly, the employment of any such employee 23 may be terminated at any time. We do provide certain benefits to our Named Executive Officers upon certain qualifying terminations of employment and in connection with terminations of employment under certain circumstances following a change in control. During fiscal year 2025, such benefits were afforded to Named Executive Officers pursuant to certain change in control / severance agreements. In November 2025, following a review of market practice and in consultation with Aon, the Compensation and Talent Committee adopted a Severance and Change in Control Benefits Plan (the “Severance Plan”), which, with their consent, replaced the CIC Agreements (as defined below) for all of our Named Executive Officers employed as of November 2025, except for the Chief Executive Officer. A description of the material terms of our severance and change-in-control arrangements with the Named Executive Officers can be found immediately below and further below under “ Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control .” The Compensation and Talent Committee believes that severance protections can play a valuable role in recruiting and retaining superior talent. Further, the Compensation and Talent Committee believes that severance and other termination benefits are an effective way to offer executives financial security to incent them to forego an opportunity with another company. Pursuant to the CIC Agreements, outside of the change-in-control context, each Named Executive Officer was entitled to severance benefits if his or her employment was involuntarily terminated by the Company without cause and, in the case of Mr. Brace, who remains subject to the Brace Agreement (as defined below), and Mr. Griffin, who ceased serving as Chief Executive Officer and President on February 17, 2025, if they terminate their own employment for good reason (as defined in the Brace Agreement and the Griffin Agreement, respectively). The level of each Named Executive Officer’s cash severance or other termination benefit was generally tied to his or her annual base salary and short-term incentive amounts. Additionally, pursuant to the CIC Agreements, each Named Executive Officer was eligible to receive enhanced severance benefits and accelerated vesting of equity awards if his or her employment was terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a change in control of the Company. The Compensation and Talent Committee believes these enhanced severance benefits and accelerated vesting were appropriate because the occurrence, or potential occurrence, of a change-in-control transaction would likely create uncertainty regarding the continued employment of executive officers that typically occurs in a change-in-control context, and such severance benefits and accelerated vesting encourage the Named Executive Officers to remain employed with the Company through the change-in-control process and to focus on enhancing stockholder value both before and during the process. The vesting protection helped assure the Named Executive Officers that they would not lose the expected value of their equity awards because of a change in control of the Company. For fiscal year 2026, all of the Named Executive Officers employed by the Company as of November 2025, besides the Chief Executive Officer, are afforded severance and change-in-control benefits pursuant to the Severance Plan and an individual participation agreement under the Severance Plan. The current Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brace, continues to be afforded severance and change-in-control benefits pursuant to his change in control / severance agreement. These benefits are discussed in the prior two paragraphs and are described in detail further below under “ Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control .” In fiscal year 2024, the Company adopted a policy providing for stockholder ratification of any new agreements or arrangements that provide for cash severance benefits payable to Named Executive Officers that exceed 2.99 times the sum of the Named Executive Officer’s base salary and target bonus (as each such term is defined in the policy). Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements We have adopted executive officer stock ownership guidelines with the objective of more closely aligning the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders. Under the executive officer stock ownership 24 guidelines, our Named Executive Officers are each required to hold the lower of (a) the number of shares with a fair market value equal to the applicable multiple of such executive’s current base salary, or (b) the applicable number of shares, each as set forth in the table below. Common stock owned outright by the Named Executive Officer (or by his or her spouse or minor children), common stock held in trust for the benefit of the Named Executive Officer (or his or her spouse or minor children), or restricted stock or RSUs granted pursuant to the equity compensation plans of the Company for which restrictions have lapsed, count towards the requirement. Unexercised options, whether or not vested, and restricted stock and RSUs still subject to risk of forfeiture, as well as any unissued performance shares, do not count towards the requirement. All of our current Named Executive Officers are in compliance with the executive officer stock ownership guidelines as of the date hereof, except for Mr. Brace and Mr. Carter, who are not required to comply with the guidelines until the fifth anniversary of their respective appointments as an executive officer of the Company. Multiple of Annual Base Salary (1) Shares Chief Executive Officer 6 94,200 Chief Financial Officer 2.5 21,400 Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer 2.5 25,000 Senior Vice President and General Counsel 2.5 21,600 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 2.5 19,600 ________________________ (1) For purposes of the executive officer stock ownership guidelines, the fair market value of the Company’s common stock is the average closing price per share of the Company’s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or if the common stock is not then traded on such market, such other market on which the common stock is traded) for the twelve (12) month period ending with the determination date. Executive Compensation Recoupment Policies In March 2022, the Company adopted an executive compensation recoupment policy (the “2022 Policy”) that applies to both cash and equity incentive compensation for executive officers. Under the 2022 Policy, if we are required to prepare an accounting restatement for one or more periods due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, the Board or a committee of independent directors authorized by the Board will investigate the circumstances to determine whether an act or omission of a current or former executive officer, involving fraud or intentional misconduct, contributed to the circumstances resulting in the restatement. Following the investigation, we may require repayment of certain incentive-based compensation received by the executive officer in the three-year period preceding restatement. In November 2023, the Company adopted a new executive compensation recovery policy (the “2023 Policy”) for purposes of complying with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq listing standards. The 2023 Policy provides that, in the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement on or after October 2, 2023 (the “Effective Date”) due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, the Company will act to recover the amount of incentive-based compensation received on or after the Effective Date, by its current and former Section 16 officers, as applicable, in excess of the amount of incentive-based compensation that would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amount, subject to limited exceptions. In the event that an accounting restatement is not covered by the 2023 Policy but is covered by the 2022 Policy, the 2022 Policy will apply. In the event that an accounting restatement could be covered by both the 2022 Policy and 2023 Policy, only the 2023 Policy will apply. 25 Prohibition on Hedging and Certain Other Transactions We prohibit our directors, officers, and employees (or any of their designees) from directly or indirectly engaging in the following transactions with respect to securities of the Company: • selling short, including short sales “against the box”; • buying or selling put or call options; or • purchasing financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds), or otherwise engaging in transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in th

[truncated]