Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 30 September 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 30 September 2026 The Sage Group plc. ( "Sage" ) Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19(3) of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Sage announces that on 29 September 2026, the undernoted PDMRs, who are members of the Executive Leadership Team of Sage, exercised options granted to them under The Sage Save and Share Plan, over the number of ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage (" Ordinary Shares "), and at the option price as set out below. The options were granted on 16 June 2023 and matured on 1 August 2026. PDMR Number of shares acquired Option price per share Resultant total shareholding Amanda Cusdin 521 £6.90 153,599 Amy Lawson 521 £6.90 106,365 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amanda Cusdin 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief People Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options to acquire ordinary shares in Sage granted under The Sage Save and Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £6.90 521 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 29 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amy Lawson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Brand and Corporate Affairs Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options to acquire ordinary shares in Sage granted under The Sage Save and Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £6.90 521 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 29 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: +44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 28 minutes ago Croda International 48 minutes ago Croda International 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago MING YANG SMART ENERGY GROUP LIMITED 2 hours ago Old Mutual Limited NPV (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and