BETA Close X Simon Longbottom, Chief Growth Officer and PDMR at The Sage Group plc, was granted a conditional award of 30,443 ordinary shares under the company's Long-Term Incentive Plan on 21 May 2026. This award, a performance share award, will vest on 2 December 2028, subject to continued employment and performance conditions, and carries malus and clawback provisions. No price was paid by Mr. Longbottom for this grant. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 22 May 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 22 May 2026 The Sage Group plc. (" Sage ") Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. On 21 May 2026, Simon Longbottom, a member of the Executive Leadership Team of Sage and PDMR, was granted a conditional share award over ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage (" Shares ") under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan ( "LTIP" ). Awards under the LTIP may be granted as a performance share award (" PSA "), or restricted share award (" RSA ") (the " Award "). No price is payable by the PDMR on either the grant or vesting of the Award. The Award will vest on the date set out in the table below, subject to continued employment, and/or performance conditions (as applicable). The Award is subject to malus (withholding) and clawback (recovery). PDMR Award Number of Shares subject to Award Vest Date Simon Longbottom PSA 30,443 2 December 2028 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Longbottom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Growth Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional share award under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 30,443 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: + 44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and