BETA Close X United Oil & Gas PLC has announced positive results from its Seabed Geochemical Exploration survey over the Walton-Morant Licence offshore Jamaica, identifying C4 and C5 hydrocarbons like butanes and pentanes in piston core samples, which are consistent with a potential thermogenic contribution and an active petroleum system. These findings enhance the company's geological understanding and risk models for the licence, which holds approximately 7 billion barrels of prospective resources, and will support ongoing technical evaluation and farm-out discussions as United Oil & Gas progresses towards a drilling decision. Disclaimer* United Oil & Gas PLC 08 April 2026 United Oil & Gas PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: UOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 08 April 2026 United Oil & Gas plc ("United" or "the Company") SGE Survey Analysis Update United Oil & Gas Plc (AIM: UOG), the oil and gas company with a high-impact exploration asset in Jamaica and a development asset in the UK, is pleased to provide an update on the analysis of piston core samples from its recently completed Seabed Geochemical Exploration ("SGE") survey over the Walton-Morant Licence offshore Jamaica. United has undertaken a geochemical analysis on the 42 piston cores acquired across the Walton-Morant Licence. The analysis has identified C4 and C5 hydrocarbons, including butanes and pentanes, in select piston cores within the headspace gas dataset. United note that these higher order hydrocarbons are not typically associated with biogenic gas systems and are therefore consistent with a potential thermogenic contribution. There is an established body of evidence for an active petroleum system in Jamaica in general, and on the licence in particular, including repeat satellite slick anomalies, thermogenic hydrocarbon geochemistry from existing onshore and offshore wells, onshore and offshore oil seeps, and onshore surface outcrops. Furthermore, petroleum systems modelling suggests the presence of oil-mature source rocks. The 2026 SGE survey is the first on the licence to be optimally positioned using 3D seismic, multibeam echosounder (MBES) seabed mapping, and satellite-derived slick anomaly data. Taken together, the data are interpreted as consistent with an active petroleum system offshore Jamaica. United will integrate the results into its geological understanding and risking models, and the dataset will support ongoing technical evaluation and farm-out discussions. Brian Larkin, CEO of United Oil & Gas, commented: "The 2026 piston core survey results represent an important step forward in our understanding of the Walton Morant licence. We have identified butane and pentane hydrocarbons in the analysis. These results enhance our understanding of the licence and provide an important input as we advance towards a drilling decision. We look forward to integrating the results into our subsurface work and continuing to progress discussions with interested parties. We believe United's technical evaluation of the licence's potential will support our ongoing farm-out process as we work to advance this world-class licence which contains approximately 7 billion of prospective resources." Qualified Person Statement Paul Ryan, who has over 20 years of relevant experience in the oil and gas industry, has reviewed and approved the information contained in this announcement. Paul Ryan is a qualified person as defined in the guidance note for Mining Oil & Gas Companies of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the Geoscience Exploration Society of Great Britain (GESGB), the American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) and the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) . **ENDS** Enquiries United Oil & Gas Plc (Company) Brian Larkin, CEO brian.larkin@uogplc.com Beaumont Cornish Limited (Nominated Adviser) Roland Cornish | Felicity Geidt | Asia Szusciak +44 (0) 20 7628 3396 Tennyson Securities (Joint Broker) Peter Krens +44 (0) 20 7186 9030 Shard Capital Limited (Joint Broker) Damon Heath | Isabella Pierre +44 (0) 20 7186 9900 Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. Notes to Editors United Oil & Gas is an oil and gas company with a development asset in the UK and a high impact exploration licence in Jamaica. The business is led by an experienced management team with a strong track record of growing full cycle businesses, partnered with established industry players and is well positioned to deliver future growth through portfolio optimisation and targeted acquisitions. United Oil & Gas is listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange. For further information on United Oil and Gas please visit www.uogplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies United Oil & Gas (UOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 35 minutes ago NCC Group 1 hour ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs 2 hours ago Shell All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and