BETA Close X Sage Group plc announced that on August 1, 2026, two Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs), Aaron Harris and Krishna Vitaldevara, along with Amy Cosgrove, a Person Closely Associated (PCA) with Aaron Harris, acquired rights to purchase ordinary shares under the Sage Colleague Share Purchase Plan. Each individual has elected to contribute USD 1,000 monthly, with the share purchase occurring on February 1, 2027, at 85% of the fair market value on either the award or purchase date. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 03 August 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 3 August 2026 The Sage Group plc. ( "Sage" ) Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities("PDMRs") and Persons Closely Associated ("PCAs") with them This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19(3) of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Sage announces that on 1 August 2026, Aaron Harris and Krishna Vitaldevara, each, a PDMR and member of the Executive Leadership Team of Sage, and Amy Cosgrove, a PCA to Aaron Harris acquired rights to purchase ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage ( "Ordinary Shares" ) under the Sage Colleague Share Purchase Plan (the "CSPP" ). The CSPP is an all-employee share plan operated for Sage's US employees. The share purchase will occur, subject to and in accordance with the CSPP rules, at the end of a 6-month offering period (" Offering Period "), on 1 February 2027. In accordance with the CSPP rules, participants make monthly contributions during the Offering Period and, at the end of the Offering Period, use such contributions to fund the purchase price per Ordinary Share at a purchase price equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as at (i) the award date, being 1 August 2026 and (ii) the purchase date, being 1 February 2027. Aaron Harris, Krishna Vitaldevara and Amy Cosgrove have each elected to contribute USD 1,000 per month. These contributions will be converted from USD to GBP using the prevailing exchange rate at the time of purchase. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Aaron Harris 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of right to purchase Ordinary Shares at the end of a six-month offering period ending on 1 February 2027, at a purchase price to be determined on that date, in accordance with the CSPP rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Nil d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 1 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Krishna Vitaldevara 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Product Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of right to purchase Ordinary Shares at the end of a six-month offering period ending on 1 February 2027, at a purchase price to be determined on that date, in accordance with the CSPP rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Nil d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 1 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amy Cosgrove 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of right to purchase Ordinary Shares at the end of a six-month offering period ending on 1 February 2027, at a purchase price to be determined on that date, in accordance with the CSPP rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil Nil d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 1 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: +44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and