BETA Close X Sage Group PLC has announced transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs) and persons closely associated (PCAs). On May 22, 2026, Simon Longbottom, Chief Growth Officer, acquired 8,639 ordinary shares under the LTIP, and Amy Cosgrove, PCA to the Chief Technology Officer, acquired 3,256 ordinary shares under the RSP. Subsequently, on May 26, 2026, Longbottom sold 4,069 shares at £8.847 each to cover tax liabilities, leaving him with 18,320 shares, while Cosgrove sold 1,371 shares at the same price, retaining 17,268 shares. These transactions relate to the vesting and sale of share awards to cover tax obligations. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 27 May 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 27 May 2026 The Sage Group plc. (" Sage ") Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and Persons Closely Associated ("PCAs") with them This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Upon the vesting and release of share awards granted under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan (" LTIP ") and The Sage Group plc 2019 Restricted Share Plan (" RSP "), on 22 May 2026, Simon Longbottom, a PDMR and member of the Executive Leadership Team and Amy Cosgrove, PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer became beneficially entitled to the number of ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage (" Shares ") noted below. Awards under the LTIP are granted as a performance share award (" PSA ") or a restricted share award (" RSA "). The LTIP award noted below was granted as an RSA, subject to the achievement of a financial underpin. On 26 May 2026, Sage was notified that the PDMR and PCA sold a number of Shares at the price noted below to cover employee tax and social security liabilities arising from the vesting. The resultant total shareholding of the PDMR and PCA are also included. PDMR/PCA Award Number of ordinary shares acquired Number of ordinary shares sold to cover tax liabilities Sale price per share Resultant total shareholding Simon Longbottom LTIP (RSA) 8,639 4,069 £8.847 18,320 Amy Cosgrove RSP 3,256 1,371 £8.847 17,268 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Longbottom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Growth Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of the beneficial interest in ordinary shares following the vesting of a share award under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan , granted on 20 May 2025 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 8,639 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 22 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Longbottom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Growth Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of ordinary shares to cover employee tax and social security liabilities arising from the vesting on 22 May 2026 of a share award under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan . c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £8.847 4,069 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 26 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amy Cosgrove 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of the beneficial interest in ordinary shares following the vesting of a share award under The Sage Group plc 2019 Restricted Share Plan , granted on 18 May 2022. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 3,256 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 22 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amy Cosgrove 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of ordinary shares to cover employee tax and social security liabilities arising from the vesting on 22 May 2026 of a share award under The Sage Group plc 2019 Restricted Share Plan . c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £8.847 1,371 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 26 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: + 44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and