BETA Close X Sage Group plc announced that on August 3, 2026, Chief Technology Officer Aaron Harris and a person closely associated with him, Amy Cosgrove, purchased ordinary shares under the Colleague Share Purchase Plan. Aaron Harris acquired 549 shares at £8.1379 per share, increasing his total holding to 199,741 shares, while Amy Cosgrove also purchased 549 shares at the same price, bringing her total holding to 5,362 shares. These transactions were executed outside a trading venue. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 04 August 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 4 August 2026 The Sage Group plc. ( "Sage" ) Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and Persons Closely Associated ("PCAs") with them This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19(3) of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Sage announces that, on 3 August 2026 , the undernoted PDMR and PCA acquired ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage ( "Ordinary Shares" ) at the purchase price set out below, in accordance with the rights they acquired under the Sage Colleague Share Purchase Plan (the "CSPP" ) on 1 February 2026 to purchase such Ordinary Shares. In accordance with the CSPP rules, the purchase price per Ordinary Share was the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as at (i) the award date, being 1 February 2026 and (ii) the purchase date, being 3 August 2026. The purchase price was funded by monthly contributions, made by the relevant PDMR/PCA during the offering period, which have been converted from USD to GBP using the prevailing exchange rate at the time of purchase. PDMR/PCA Number of shares purchased under the CSPP Purchase price per share Resultant total shareholding Aaron Harris 549 £8.1379 199,741 Amy Cosgrove* 549 £8.1379 5,362 *Amy Cosgrove is a PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Aaron Harris 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares in Sage in accordance with the rights acquired to purchase such Ordinary Shares under the CSPP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £8.1379 549 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 3 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Amy Cosgrove 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA to Aaron Harris, Chief Technology Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares in Sage in accordance with the rights acquired to purchase such Ordinary Shares under the CSPP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £8.1379 549 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 3 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: +44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and