BETA Close X Sage Group plc announced that Simon Longbottom, Chief Growth Officer, acquired 8,718 ordinary shares on September 5, 2026, under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. Subsequently, on September 7, 2026, he sold 4,106 of these shares at £10.3757 each to cover tax liabilities, leaving him with a resultant total shareholding of 23,107 ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 08 September 2026 DIRECTOR/PDMR SHAREHOLDING 8 September 2026 The Sage Group plc. (" Sage ") Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and Persons Closely Associated ("PCAs") with them This notification relates to transactions notified in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Upon the vesting of a share award granted under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan (" LTIP "), on 5 September 2026, Simon Longbottom, Chief Growth Officer, who is a member of the Sage Executive Leadership Team and a PDMR, became beneficially entitled to the number of ordinary shares of 1 4/77 pence each in Sage (" Shares ") noted below. Awards under the LTIP are granted as a performance share award (" PSA ") or a restricted share award (" RSA "). This award was granted as an RSA, subject to the achievement of a financial underpin. The Shares were released on 7 September 2026, being the next business day following the vesting date. On 8 September 2026, Sage was notified that Simon Longbottom sold a number of Shares at the price noted below to cover employee tax and social security liabilities arising from the vesting. The resultant total shareholding of the PDMR is also included. PDMR Award Number of ordinary shares acquired Number of ordinary shares sold to cover tax liabilities Sale price per share Resultant total shareholding Simon Longbottom LTIP (RSA) 8,718 4,106 £10.3757 23,107 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Longbottom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Growth Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of the beneficial interest in ordinary shares following the vesting of a share award under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan , granted on 20 May 2025 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 8,718 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 5 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Longbottom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Growth Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Sage Group plc. b) LEI 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares Identification code ISIN: GB00B8C3BL03 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of ordinary shares to cover employee tax and social security liabilities arising from the vesting on 5 September 2026 of a share award under The Sage Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £10.3757 4,106 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 7 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Name of contact: Mohor Roy Telephone number of contact: + 44(0) 203 810 7200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and