Sage

| Annual Report and Accounts 2020

elping

H
businesses
thrive

f aan

Contents

Strategic Report

2 Purpose, vision & strategy

4 Chairman's statement

8 Market opportunities

10 Our products

2 Our business model

4 Our investment case

16 Chief Executive's review

20 Our key performance indicators

2 Our strategy

2B Understanding and supporting
our stakeholders

29 Non-financial information statement
and Section 172(1) statement

30 Our people

36 Our customers

40 Sage Foundation

46 Environment

52 Financial review

60 Risk management

65 Principal risks and uncertainties

Governance

78 Chairman's introduction to
corporate governance

80 Board of Directors

82 Executive Committee

84 Corporate Governance Report

120 Directors’ Remuneration Report

149 Directors’ Report

Financial Statements

156 Independent auditor's report to the
members of The Sage Group plc.

166 Group financial statements

ala Notes to the Group
financial statements

233. = Company financial statements

241 Glossary

244 Shareholder information

About our non-GAAP measures and why we use them

Highlights

Financial highlights

Organic recurring Organic operating
revenue growth margin

% 22.1%
8 . 5 (e) -!/0
FY19: 11.2% FY19: 23.8%
Strategic KPIs

Renewal by value

99%

Subscription penetration

69%

FY19: 101% FY19: 56%
Annualised recurring Sage Business Cloud
revenue (ARR) growth penetration
4.8% 61%
. (e) fe)
FY19: 12.8% FY19: 51%
Other key highlights
Underlying cash Statutory revenue
conversion growth
123% 1.7%
(e) -/ /0
FY19: 129% FY19: 5.0%
Organic revenue growth Dividend
3.7% 17.25
./ 70 LIP
FY19: 6.0% FY19: 16.91p

‘Throughout the Strategic Report we quote two kinds of non-GAAP measure: underlying and organic. Underlying measures allow management and
investors to compare performance without the potentially distorting effects of foreign exchange movements, one-off items or non-operational items.

Organic measures allow management and investors to understand the like-for-like performance of the business. Full definitions of underlying and
organic can be found within note 2 of the financial statements. Reconciliations of statutory revenue, operating profit and basic earnings per share to
their underlying and organic equivalents are in the Financial review starting on page 52.

thrive

Visit our website for
further information

about our business

www.sage.com

Helping businesses

At Sage, everything we do starts
with the customer and a deep
understanding of their needs.

We have a responsibility to our
customers that goes beyond the
technology we develop, helping
them to be more productive,
more agile and to thrive.

About Sage

Sage is the global market leader for technology that
provides small and medium businesses with the visibility,
flexibility and efficiency to manage finances, operations

and people. Working alongside our partners, Sage is trusted
by millions of customers worldwide to deliver the best cloud
technology and support. Our years of experience mean that
our colleagues and partners understand how to serve our
customers and communities through the good and more
challenging times. We are here to help, with practical advice,
solutions, expertise and insight.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple. 1

2

Our purpose

is to transform the way
people think and work
so their organisations
can thrive.

It's the reason we exist
as a business.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group plc.

Our vision

is to become a great
SaaS company for
customers and
colleagues alike.

We do this by serving our

customers on subscription
and in the cloud.

Our strategy

is how we will achieve
our vision. It is designed
around three strategic
lenses:

Customer Success

Creating enduring subscription relationships
and having a customer-centric approach in
everything we do.

See more on pages 22-23

° (e) ° Colleague Success
Building a culture that fosters collaboration,
if i} values the individual, and enables colleagues
to reach their full potential.

See more on pages 24-25

Innovation .
Solving customer problems by integrating emerging

technology and accelerating the availability and
adoption of Sage Business Cloud solutions.

‘See more on pages 26-27

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group plc. 3

Chairman's statement

Here to help

Customers

navigate what is next

4 Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple.

Background to the year

Halfway through 2019-20 life changed in unimaginable
ways for all our colleagues and customers as the Covid-19
pandemic affected everyone. Information became key

and management communicated quickly and clearly with
everyone concerned to ensure that the Group was able to
maintain focus and adapt to new ways of working quickly
and without an interruption of service to customers. The
Board was involved throughout and fully endorsed the
approach taken by management. Steve Hare, as CEO,
ensured that his messages were not only clear but also
authentic, and by putting the welfare of our colleagues first,
he knew that if we looked after them, they would look after
our customers. It is not a surprise that Glassdoor has named
him as the highest rated CEO in the UK during the crisis.

At the heart of the setting of priorities during this year has
been the Sage Business Cloud vision which has enabled an
alignment of purpose and execution and a prioritisation of
investments. As digital working has increased throughout
the economies we serve, this clarity of vision has ensured
that the Group has responded appropriately. It involves not
merely a portfolio of attractive products, but also a set of
powerful cloud capabilities, equipping customers to thrive
in this era of digital transformation. Innovation is, and will
continue to be, a clear driver of success.

| am pleased that the Group did not resort to taking
government support through this period and maintained
its Colleague base, whilst at the same time ensuring it had
a strong financial framework.

“The Sage Group has achieved.
a resilient performance in
FY20. The impact of Covid-19
is accelerating the shift to
the cloud and Sage is well
positioned to capture these
future growth opportunities.”

Looking back at FY20

The Group entered the pandemic period with the
momentum of substantial progress accompanied by
focused execution with the consequence that, despite

the impact of the pandemic, the Group achieved a resilient
operational and financial performance, as the business
continued to transition to cloud-based software services
through a subscription revenue model.

The Group’s purpose and vision are clear, and the new
operating model, organised around meeting the needs
of small and medium businesses in Sage’s key software
categories, has been firmly embedded.

As a result, subscription revenues grew by 21% to

almost £1.14bn. 65% of Group revenue is now from
subscription, up from 56% last year; while Sage Business
Cloud penetration is now 61%, up from 51% last year,
supported by the continued roll-out of cloud applications
and services. While recurring revenue grew significantly
during the year, up 8.5%, the economic slowdown caused
by Covid-19 resulted in annualised recurring revenue (ARR)
growth at the end of the year being 4.8%.

Arelentless focus on innovation has enabled the Group
to achieve a number of strategic milestones. Sage Intacct
is now live in five markets following its launch in the UK
and South Africa during FY20, while Sage Accounting
Plus was launched as the cloud native solution for small
business accounting in the UK. The portfolio has been
further enhanced through the integration of AutoEntry
and CakeHR, resulting in a strong cloud native platform
to drive the future growth of the business.

| strongly believe that Sage’s true character has been
revealed in dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic, which
continues to affect families, businesses, and communities
worldwide. Colleagues throughout the Group have risen
to the challenge - going above and beyond to support
customers and each other through difficult times —

and, above all, showing Sage to be a company that cares.
| am proud of their professionalism and dedication, and
am certain that this customer-centric approach will help
the Group continue to flourish in the future.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple.

5

Chairman's statement continued

The Board's commitment to matters pertaining
to section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 is
set out on page 29

Further insight into the activities of the Board
for FY20 can be found on pages 101 to 104

The Board in FY20

During the year, three Directors stepped down from the
Board: Blair Crump as President and Executive Director,
and Soni Jiandani and Cath Keers as Non-executive
Directors. | thank them on behalf of the Board for their
considerable contributions during their tenure. Cath Keers
has been appointed Chief Marketing Officer and a member
of the Executive Team and was, of course, able to bring
immediate knowledge of the Group to her new role.

We were pleased to welcome two new Non-executive
Directors this year, Sangeeta Anand and Irana Wasti,
increasing significantly the technology and SaaS skills
of the Board. Dr John Bates replaced Soni Jiandani on
the Nomination Committee and Cath Keers on the
Remuneration Committee.

During the year, the Board maintained its focus on Sage’s
transition to becoming a great SaaS company, ensuring that
the Company's strategic ambitions and competitive edge
are underpinned by a customer-centric culture in which
colleagues are supported and innovation fostered. The
Board also maintained effective engagement with its key
stakeholders, through various events and regular updates
on customer and colleague success and the work of

the Sage Foundation. The pandemic has created new
challenges for the Board, restricting our ability to visit
teams and offices as before. The Board was quick to
replace these visits with virtual meetings and a programme
of engagement to ensure it could still monitor and assess
the culture of the Group.

The Board has also invested time in ensuring the

Group meets the requirements of a changing corporate
governance landscape, Our Board Associate role continues
to prove valuable in facilitating two-way communication
with colleagues, enabling the Board to hear more of
colleagues’ views whilst generating greater understanding
of the role of the Board amongst colleagues. During the
year, our second Board Associate reached the end of his
term and we appointed our third Board Associate, Pamela
Novoa Ralli, VP of Product Management, who is based in

6 Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple.

Atlanta. The Board has set itself the objective of ensuring
that the role assists in improving its decision making further.
One gain from our Board Associate concept has been

the increased visibility of other candidates who sought the
role. As a result, an Associates’ Council has been formed,
consisting of past and present Board Associates and
selected candidates from the Board Associate appointment
process. The Board intends to meet with the Council twice a
year to hear a wider range of colleague views and sentiment.

There has been much discussion about Environmental,
Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) metrics in general
in the past few months, with increased emphasis on the “S”
part. The role of the Sage Foundation has been important
in this respect. The Group has been particularly alert to the
wider consequences of the pandemic for colleagues and
customers alike.

Looking forward to FY21

Looking ahead, while the near-term economic environment
for small and medium businesses is uncertain, the longer-
term opportunity for Sage remains undiminished. As |

have said, there is a clear acceleration among businesses
towards digitisation and migration to cloud-based services.
Sage is well positioned to capture this opportunity, with a
trusted brand, world-class products, continuous innovation
and strong customer relationships.

The Board believes that the greatest value creation for

our shareholders from this point will be seen through
investing to accelerate growth with a focus on cloud native
solutions, initially in the Group's largest markets of the UK
and the US. This is expected to result in higher retention
rates and increased new customer acquisition.

The Group remains strongly cash generative with underlying
cash conversion of 123% and, in line with our policy of
maintaining the dividend in real terms, we increased the

full year dividend by 2.0% to 17.25p in FY20.

Thank you

Finally, | would like to thank all of our colleagues for their
dedication, adaptability and caring behaviour this year.
‘also thank Steve Hare and Jonathan Howell for their
leadership and all the other Board members for their
assiduous performance of their duties. | have indicated
my intention to retire in September 2021, in line with good
governance, after nine remarkable years. The Group is very
different to the one | joined in 2012 and with the building
blocks for sustained success in place, ! am confident that
we can all look forward to a successful future as Sage
delivers on its purpose to help its customers thrive.

Ni brqolon

Sir Donald Brydon
Chairman

Helping businesses thrive

As the champion
for SMEs, we help
build and sustain
the economy

Bright Path Consulting -

Partner in South Africa

TJ Ledwaba, founder and CEO of Bright Path Business
Consultants: “Every accountant has something that
works for them; Sage works for me. It puts me in the
pulse of my clients’ businesses - and that's where
lasting relationships form." As a client of Bright Path,
Kiara Ramklass of Marimba Jam says, “Sage and
Bright Path have given me confidence in the financial
component of the business. | no longer have anxiety
when I think about our finances and | actually have
time to look at other growth aspects in the company.”

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group plc.

Market opportunities

Well positioned to capture future
cloud market growth opportunities

Total addressable market (TAM)

Sage’'s TAM is set to be worth $33bn in 2021, at which point
the market for cloud software is expected to exceed that of
on-premise software for the first time. Included within this
TAM is the single-largest software category in the world,
Accounting and Financials. The TAM comprises over 69
million small and medium businesses.

Total addressable
market (TAM) in 2021
set to be worth

$33bn

Source data: IDC Custom Solutions Market Model 2020

Cloud growth expected to continue

The benefits of cloud applications and services have

been brought into sharper focus because of the Covid-19
pandemic. While Sage’s TAM is expected to remain broadly
stable in 2021 versus 2020, owing to a decline in the on-premise
market, cloud growth is expected to be 6% in 2021, accelerating
to 11% in 2022. Cloud adoption rates globally are forecast

to reach 51% in 2021 and 54% in 2022. The USA is the most
cloud adoptive region and forecast to reach 57% in 2021,
with the UKI expected to be at 49% and France at 40%.

Growth in cloud share of TAM

2020: $15.7bn
2021: $16.7bn
2022: $18.5bn

Through our focus on customer needs

The moveto
subscription and
the cloud

Data-driven insight

A focus on customer
experience

Automation and
efficiency

Enhancing customer value
through access to the
latest product updates
and features

Ensuring ongoing
compliance

8 Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group plc.

Delivering software that
provides analytics and
insights into business
performance to aid
decision making

Helping businesses to
become more efficient
through data-entry
automation, artificial
intelligence, and
machine learning

Ensuring that the needs
of every customer are
fully met or exceeded,
building long-term
relationships and
higher lifetime value

Supporting small and medium
businesses around the world

Sage targets the professional user, typically an accountant or bookkeeper who
understands compliance and wants rich functionality to help drive efficiencies

and gain more insight into their business.

Sage serves millions of small and medium customers around the world

Small businesses

Small customers are typically owner-run businesses with
professionals or small teams responsible for finances and
human resources. They are looking to automate accounting
and compliance while managing costs and cash flow. Their
concerns tend to be around compliance and risk and they
need simple solutions, where they can subscribe and be up
and running.

Medium businesses

Medium customers are more complex, usually functionally
structured around specialist teams and departments with
different needs. They are often scaling and transforming
and need insights for growth and competitive advantage.
They typically spend longer integrating our solutions into
their business.

Through our unique competitive advantages

Trust World-class products

Global reach:
local focus

Relationships

Sage has a strong
reputation as a trusted
advisor, renowned for
keeping customers safe
and compliant

Sage continues to invest
in technology to ensure

its products remain among
the market leaders

Sage prides itself on
building strong and
lasting relationships with
its customers. We provide
market-leading customer
services with our team

of caring and dedicated
services colleagues

Sage has global scale but
extensive local knowledge
which helps ensure its
products are leading the
way in compliance and
allows the Group to plan
for changes in legislation
before they are introduced

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple.

Our products

Creating products and services
to help businesses thrive

Sage Business Cloud is a suite of unified solutions that add high value with common services,
so customers can integrate and migrate data across solutions. This is supported by a rich and
robust marketplace with around 500 ISV apps and emerging tech across artificial intelligence,

machine learning and automation.

Cloud connected
and hybrid solutions

Cloud native solutions

Medium Sage X3 Sage Intacct
businesses
Sage 200cloud Sage People
Small Sage 50cloud Sage Accounting
businesses
Sage Payroll
CakeHR

Cloud connected and hybrid solutions combine
the power and productivity of the desktop with
the freedom and security of the cloud.

Cloud native solutions offer anytime, anywhere
availability, automatic updates and full access
to a wide ecosystem of partners and ISVs,
in a hosted environment.

Sage has a strong digital and direct sales presence, supported by a global network of partners:

80,000

Accountants who advise
and sell Sage solutions

40,000

Value Added Resellers
(VARs) who sell and
implement Sage solutions

10 = Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | The Sage Group ple.

~500

Independent Software
Vendors (ISVs) who add
further functionality and
vertical customisation to

Sage solutions

Dozens

of Strategic Alliances
with some of the biggest
names in technology