INSIDE...

SNe
E POWER OF

SUBSCRIPTION
wt

*agi26613*

COMPANIES HOUSE

We are unleashing the power
of subscription through...

Creating enduring subscription

relationships and having a
customer-centric approach

in everything we do

SUCCESS nas

Engaging every colleague at

Sage and together creating
an environment that values the

individual, fosters collaboration

S U C C e S S and rewards all colleagues
p. 30

Strengthening our Sage Business

e
Cloud offering and investing in
emerging technologies whilst

continuing to simplify the business

p. 34
On the cover
Esther Garcia,
founder of online fashion fehl esate
retailer Buylevard and on our website,
Sage 50cloud customer sage.com/investors

Annual Report and Accounts 2018 Sage Group ple

STRATEGIC REPORT

Sage is the global market leader for technology that helps
businesses of all sizes manage everything from money to people —
whether they're a start-up, scale-up or enterprise.

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's statement
Donald Brydon’s introduction
to FYI8

Our investment case
Key ingredients required to build
a great SaaS business

Our business model
How we create value for
our stakeholders

p45 p.6-13 p.14-15
In conversation with Our strategy to deliver Our key performance
Steve Hare Our key strategic priorities indicators
Setting the scene for FY19 Measuring progress against
p.16-20 p.23 | | our objectives p.24-25
Non-financial information statement
ESG Our Business Sage Ethics & Our
factsheet People Builders Foundation Governance Environment
p.39 p. 40-43 p.44-45 p.46-49 p.50 p.51-53
Financial review Principal risks Risk Management.
A review of the year in numbers anduncertainties Our approach and
Our approach, appetite risk governance
p.5459 || andviability statement p, 60-69 p.70-73
GOVERNANCE REPORT Chairman’s introduction The Board of Directors
The Board of Sage 1s committed Introducing the Board Profiles, skills & experience
to the highest possible standards and their priorities
of corporate governance. Within p.74-75 p.76-77
this section you can read more ~
about the f :
v ollowing Our Executive team Corporate Governance Report
Profiles, skills & experience Insight into the Board and
Committee activities
p.78-79 p. 80-102
Directors’ Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report Other statutory and
Aligning pay regulatory measures
with performance p.103-128 p.129-133

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

p. 135-143
The Sage Group ple
144-148

p.149-201
p.203-204
p.205-209

P.210-212 Glossary

Independent auditor's report to the members of

Group financial statements

Notes to the Group financial statements
Company financial statements

Notes to the Company financial statements

Further information
available within this report

Further information
available online
at sage.com/investors

The Sage Group ple.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

2018: THE YEAR
IN NUMBERS

Organic revenue growth

6.876

FY17:7.8%

Statutory revenue growth

1.0%

FY17: 19.2%

Organic operating margin

21.37

Statutory operating profit margin

23.1%

FY17: 28.0%? FY17: 20.3%

Recurring revenue Underlying cash conversion
eI A441 mM Q 6 Yo
FY17:£1,351m FYI7: 95%

About our non-GAAP measures and why we use them

Throughout the Strategic Report we quote two kinds of non-GAAP measure. underlying and organic.
We use these measures in monitoring performance and incentivising management.

Underlying measures allow management and investors to compare performance without the potentially distorting effects
of foreign exchange movements, one-off items or non-operational items.

Organic measures allow management and investors to understand the like-for-like performance of the business.

Full definitions of underlying and organic can be found within the glossary to the financial statements.

Reconciliations of statutory revenue and operating profit to their underlying and organic equivalents are in the Financial Review

starting on page 54

1 6.6% including asset held for sale (note 16 of the financial statements).

2 As reported

STRATEGIC REPORT

FROM THE EDITOR

Our purpose is to transform the way people think and work...
so their organisations can thrive.

To serve that purpose, our vision is to become a great SaaS business
—_————
for customers and colleagues alike.

To achieve this vision we are....

UNLEASHING
THE POWER OF

SUBSCRIPTIO

hen Sage was founded back in 1981 by three friends studying at
Newcastle University, accountancy software was in its infancy and
consumer behaviour was very different. Technology has evolved
significantly since then, driving shifts towards cloud technology,
powered by subscription.

Subscription isn’t a new concept; we've been paying for satellite TV, gym
memberships and car insurance on subscription for many years — but it’s only now
that businesses are becoming attuned to the value proposition of consuming their
financial software as a service (SaaS), on subscription.

The power of a subscription relationship provides the foundation for Sage and

its customers to grow and prosper alongside one another. Embracing a closer
relationship on subscription, Sage understands its customers better and can add
more value to their business, meaning customers stay longer, buy more and feel
happier doing so.

In order to build a successful SaaS business on subscription, Sage is focusing on
the following key ingredients which you can read more about throughout this report:

1. Ensuring colleagues prioritise customer success by putting customers at the
heart of every thing we do;

2. Colleague success: Building a high-performing culture which values the
individual and promotes collaboration;

3. Investing in the best technology and continuously focusing on innovation.

We invite you to read on as we reflect back on FY18 and look forward to FY19, outlining the next
steps in Sage’s journey to becoming a great SaaS business for customers and colleagues alike.

The Sage Group ple. Annual Report and Accounts 2018

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Drivin

Value

Read my statement within
the Corporate governance
report for insight into the
activities of the Board for
2018 and how we engage
and communicate with
our various stakeholders.

4 Annual Report and Accounts 2018 | The Sage Group ple.

Looking back at FY18

In the past year the Sage Group has made further progress in
its evolution towards a cloud and subscription-led business.
46% of Group revenue is now on subscription and the Group
currently has cloud annualised recurring revenue (ARR) of
£434m, growing at a rate of 51%.

The strategy to move customers from desktop to a cloud
connected solution has been particularly successful, with

a third of Sage 50 customers now on a cloud connected
contract, Cloud connected ARR is now £280m and grew at
66%, and we continue to see this strategy as a major growth
driver into FY19.

Attracting customers to a cloud native solution also
continues to gain traction with cloud native ARR of £153m,
which grew at 30%. Important to this success have been the
acquisitions of Sage Intact and Sage People made in FY17,
which continue to demonstrate the considerable momentum
shown on acquisition

Sage Enterprise Management, for larger businesses,
continues to be a successful tool to acquire new customers,
growing at 11%, with over 70 larger contracts signed in the
year, each with a value of over £100,000 per contract.

However, progress in FY18 has not been as rapid as.
anticipated. In H1 18 in some areas of the business, there
remained inconsistent operational execution and too much
emphasis on perpetual licence sales instead of a focus on
high-quality recurring revenue growth. As a result, Group
organic revenue growth was less than the anticipated 8%
outlined at the start of the year. The continued evolution of
the business depends on refining systems and processes and
on consistent execution It also requires increasing focus on
subscription and recurring revenue in the transition to a
SaaS business.

ee —

Value creation for our
shareholders will be seen from
an acceleration in new customer
acquisition, on subscription,
inthe cloud

”

Stephen Kelly stepped down as a Director and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO) on 31 August 2018 The Board thanks Stephen
Kelly for his considerable contribution to the Group.

The Board 1s pleased that Steve Hare has accepted its
invitation to lead the Company as its new CEO. He has

the right skills and knowledge to ensure that the Company
embeds increased prioritisation and more effective execution
to accelerate the strategy. He was appointed CEO on

2 November 2018; the Board will announce a successor to
Steve Hare as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in due course

STRATEGIC REPORT

The only other change to the composition of the Board in
FY18 took place at the start of the year when Blair Crump
joined the Board as an Executive Director to strengthen
its go-to-market knowledge and customer understanding.

During FY18, Board members took the opportunity to meet
with colleagues, customers, partners and accountants in
Newcastle, London, Reading, Atlanta, San Jose and Seattle, as
well as participating in a Sage Foundation day with our charity
partner, Circle Collective. During the Board's formal meeting
time, we have focused heavily on how culture will help us
deliver on our strategic ambitions.

The year ahead

As we look to FY19, creating a great SaaS business remains
our vision and priority. To be successful, Sage must continue
to embrace an ever-closer relationship with its customers,
putting them at the heart of every conversation and enabling
customer success on Sage software and in their own
business. In doing so Sage will leverage the skills of the
cloud-native Sage Intacct business. Sage must also focus
on colleague success by building a high-performing culture
where colleagues are happy and motivated. Additionally, in
order to build a business centred on subscription and the
cloud, Sage must also continue to focus on innovation,
providing the best technology for its customers.

Sage Intacct 1s an excellent example of where these
characteristics are already embedded within the business.
The Group plans to internationalise Sage intact beyond the
USA, starting with its English-speaking geographies, from
FY19 onwards. This move is a significant step forward in
Sage’s strategy to drive new customer acquisition and
migrate existing customers to the cloud, and will leverage
Sage Intacct's highly effective business model as a key
component of Sage’s SaaS engine.

The Board believes that the greatest value creation for

our shareholders will be seen from an acceleration in new
customer acquisition and migrating existing customers to
subscription and the cloud. To this end, Sage will make an
increased investment of around £60m in innovation, tools and
systems to support colleagues and customers. Nevertheless,
the Group remains strongly cash generative with free cash
flow of 19% of revenue at FY18 and a 7% increase in full year
dividend of 16.5p.

Thank you

| would like to thank the Board and all our colleagues for

all their hard work during the year, with particular thanks to
Steve Hare for stepping up as interim COO in addition to his
other duties prior to his appointment as CEO. The Group lost
no momentum during this interim period. We look forward to
FY19 and the strides Sage will make as it continues its
evolution towards being a great SaaS business.

NUS pagel

Donald Brydon
Chairman

The Sage Group ple. Annual Report and Accounts 2018 5

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

UNLEAS
THE PO

SUBSC

More and more of our customers are opting for the
experience of consuming our services on subscription,
providing mutual benefits for our customers and for Sage.

For customers
~ The latest upgrades, deployed through the cloud

— Increased quality of service through better understanding
of the customer's business

— Bespoke packages for business needs, providing
enhanced value

~ Lower initial capital outlay and predictability of cash flows

Increase in Net Promoter Score (NPS) in FY18

6.1 points

For Sage
— Deeper understanding of customers’ needs
— Increased retention rates

= More opportunities for growth through
up-sell and cross-sell

Higher lifetime value of customer

Software subscription penetration

Renewal by volume on cloud
connected solutions around

90%

Annual Report and Accounts 2018 ‘The Sage Group ple.

STRATEGIC REPORT

HING
WER OF

RIPTI

Discover
how we are
unleashing
the power of
subscription
to target
the market
opportunity

The Sage Group plc. ] Annual Report and Accounts 2018 | 7

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

1 THE RIGHT MARKET

Operating globally across small, medium and large businesses gives
Sage access to a significant Total Addressable Market (TAM), set to

be worth $33 billion in 2019, comprising 92 million businesses.

Included in this TAM is the single-largest software category
in the world, Accounting and Financials.

A

Competition

Competition remains
fragmented and varies
across the Small,
Medium and Large
business segments.
Competition is strong
in the Small business
segment, where players
compete to acquire
businesses yet to adopt

Catalysts for market growth

The market in which
Sage operates is growing
at 7%, driven by growth
in the cloud of 15%;
on-premise software

is relatively flat.

Constant technological
advances in the cloud,
artificial intelligence (Al)
and automation are
speeding up the pace
of software adoption,

opportunity

pn

Forecasted Segment Growth 2019

$33bn

financial software.
Sage is particularly
strong in the Medium

and Large business large
segments, war S3ibn_ $16bn
account for of the fe
addressable market and $15bn
are subject to complex
regulatory regimes.

7%

(

Market growth
saving users time and : Medium
money, and making $13bn $14bn 15%
financial software more Cloud growth
and more fundamental 2%
to a business. Or-premise growth
Sage uses these latest
advances in technology
to provide a suite of Smal busrsees
solutions that allow =
customers to run a vel with 10-199 employees
their entire business $3bn $3bn te o001988 erroloyees

through Sage. 2018 2019

Source data = IDC Custom Solutions Market Model

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

The Sage Group ple.

STRATEGIC REPORT

2 A GLOBAL NETWORK
OF 3 MILLION CUSTOMERS

A deep knowledge of local legislation has allowed Sage
to scale globally, serving 3 million customers, with a reputation
for compliance, trust and excellent customer service.

Sage’s core markets

Cloud adoption rates by geography

UK & Ireland

21%

of Group organic
revenue in FY18.

Cloud adoption rates vary by geography.
The USA, which represents 55% of the
TAM, is the most cloud adoptive region.
Adoption in other geographies is slower
but all are trending towards the cloud,
with almost 50% of market spend set to
be on cloud financial software by 2020.

us UK&l

France

58% 64%

Cl % consumer spend on cloud 2019
Cl % consumer spend on-premise 2019

Source data - IDC Custom Solutions Market Model

25%

of Group organic
revenue in FY18

France

16%

of Group organic
revenue in FY18

Targeting the available market opportunity

Transitioning to

a high performing

SaaS business on
subscription will

enable Sage to develop
acloser relationship
with these 3 million
customers. As a result,
Sage will be able to
service customer needs

better, increasing
retention rates and
driving greater value.
With 46% of Sage’s
revenue currently
driven by software
subscription, there
is still significant

opportunity for growth.

Across Sage’s

global network, Sage
customers move more
than £3tn of money
through their
accounting software
each year, making
Sage an attractive
proposition for ISVs
and strategic alliances.

Continuing to innovate
and partner with best
in class technology
partners, as well as
further investment
internally in R&D,
means Sage can
target further

growth through new
customer acquisition.

The Sage Group pic.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

3

AND THE RIGHT PROPOSITION

Accounting

Technology

Sage Business Cloud delivers a suite

of cloud services including Accounting,
Financials, Enterprise Management, People,
Payroll, Payments and Banking, as well as
market-place apps that can be provisioned
to create bespoke offerings for customers,
tailored to their needs.

These cloud services comprise both

cloud connected versions of our traditionally
on-premise solutions and cloud native
solutions, built from the ground up, in

the cloud.

Our cloud connected solutions, Sage 50cloud
and Sage 200cloud, provide the power and
productivity of the desktop, with the

freedom and security of the cloud.

Financials Sage Intacct

Cloud native solutions: Sage Accounting,
Sage Financials, Sage People and Sage
Intacct provide a fully functional and flexible
cloud native solution with open APIs, giving
them access to a wide ecosystem of partners
and ISVs.

Sage Enterprise Management, for our larger
businesses, can be deployed on-premise or
in the cloud, providing a sophisticated and
deeply functional solution for end-to-end
business processes.

F434m

Sage Business Cloud revenue, growing at

51%

10

Annual Report and Accounts 2018 The Sage Group ple.