EMPOWERING
BUSINESSES

STRENGTHENING TRUST

*AEVUBEGR*

Sage qn

1
MP?

EMPOWERING
BUSINESSES

STRENGTHENING TRUST

Sage is a leader in accounting, financial, HR, and payroll technology for small and mid-sized
businesses (SMBs), enabling them to streamline operations, make more informed decisions,

and be more productive.

Contents

Strategic Report

41 Financial highlights

2. Sageataglance

4 Our solutions

6 Market review

8 Our business model

10 = Chair's statement

12 CEO’sreview

15 Ourstrategy

19 Empowering our customers

22 Ourkey performance indicators

24 Our people and culture

30 Sustainability and Society

35 =TCFD

45 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

46 Section 172(1) statement

48 = Financialreview

56 Risk management

61 Principal Risks and uncertainties

67 Viability Statement

ey

Our solutions—focused
on customer needs

Our products are mission-critical
for our customers, providing
accounting, HR, and payroll
solutions that are vital to
business operations.

© Read about this in
action on pages 4 and

Governance Report

70 Corporate governance report

71 Governance highlights

72 Chair's introduction to governance
74 Ourleadership

80 Governance framework

90 Stakeholder engagement

102 Nomination Committee Report
109 Audit and Risk Committee Report
417 Directors’ Remuneration Report
152 Directors’ Report

Financial Statements

160 Independent Auditor's Report to the
members of The Sage Group ple.
Consolidated financial statements
Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

252 Company financial statements
Additional Information
261 Glossary

264 Shareholder information

74
180

Customer success
stories

We're focused on delighting our
customers with strong products
and human support, which builds
loyalty, encouraging them to grow
with Sage.

© Read about this in
action on pages 16 to 18

Supplementary
reporting

Impact Book

Non-Financial
Statement

Driving a high-
performance mindset

Our purpose drives our day-to-day
actions and our culture defines

how we operate, behave, interact,
make decisions, and get things done.

Read about this in
action on pages 24 to29

Financial highlights

Our year in numbers

Underlying total revenue

£2,513m

FY24: £2,290m

Underlying total revenue of £2,513m increased by 10%,
driven by broad-based growth in cloud solutions.

Underlying operating profit
£600m
FY24: £513m

Underlying operating profit grew by 17% to £600m, driven by
revenue growth and an increase in underlying operating profit
margin of 150 basis points (bps) to 23.9%.

Underlying basic earnings per share (EPS)

43.2p

FY24: 36.7p

Underlying basic EPS increased by 18% to 43.2p.

Dividend

21.85p

FY24: 20.45p

Total dividend proposed for the year increased by 7% to 21.85p.

Statutory revenue

£2,513m

FY24: £2,332m

Statutory revenue of £2,513m grew by 8%, reflecting underlying

growth in all regions, offset partly by a foreign exchange headwind.

Statutory operating profit

£530m

FY24: £452m

Statutory operating profit increased by 17% to £530m,
reflecting growth in underlying operating profit together
with lower acquisition related expenses.

Statutory basic EPS

37.7p
FY24: 32.1p

Statutory basic EPS increased by 18% to 37.7p.

Net cash from operating activities

£660m

FY24: £649m,

Net cash generated from operating activities increased by
2% to £660m, reflecting underlying cash conversion of 110%.

About our non-GAAP measures and why we use them

Throughout this Strategic Report, we quote two kinds of non-GAAP measure: underlying and organic. Underlying measures are adjusted to exclude items that
in management's judgement need to be disclosed separately by virtue of their size, nature, or frequency to aid understanding of the performance for the year
or comparability between periods. Organic measures allow management and investors to understand the like-for-like performance of the business. Prior year
underlying and organic measures (revenue and profit) are retranslated at the current year exchange rates to neutralise the effect of currency fluctuations.
Full definitions of underlying and organic are in note 2 of the financial statements, Reconciliations of statutory revenue, operating profit and basic EPS

to their underlying and organic equivalents are included in the Financial review starting on page 48.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

1

=
3

yioday eaueusanog

wes

sivawoyers eroueuns

IC

~ “uonewiojul ieuontppy

C

Sage at a glance

Enabling high performance

What we do How we doit
Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone can thrive, By digitalising business processes and relationships with

starting with the millions of small and mid-sized businesses customers, suppliers, employees, banks and governments,
(SMBs) served by us, our partners, and accountants. Customers _our Al-powered platform connects SMBs, removing friction
trust our finance, HR, and payroll software tomakeworkand —_ and delivering insights. Knocking down barriers also means
money flow. we use our time, technology, and experience to tackle digital
inequality, economic inequality, and the climate crisis.

Our global reach’

A5% wortnamerica 29%, ww 26% «wore

Our strategic framework

~

Our purpose Our strategy
is to knock down barriers comprises three key focus areas that help us achieve
so everyone can thrive. our ambition and fulfil our purpose by guiding our

operational and investment decisions.

(@) Connect
Connecting SMBs through our

trusted and thriving network.

( g } Grow
Winning new customers and

+ delighting our existing ones.

G Deliver
Delivering productivity and

Our ambition insights driven by Al,
is to create the world’s
most trusted, thriving
network for SMBs,
powered by Al.

© See pages 15 to 18

XX Z

Sustainability and Society

Sage’s role in society is a vital part of the equation. We seek to integrate sustainability
into our everyday operations, helping to ensure Sage makes a positive societal impact
through our three sustainability pillars.

1. Split of total underlying revenue of £2,513m.
2. United Kingdom, Ireland, Africa, and Asia-Pacific.

2 ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

NJ

Business highlights

11%

ARR growth

97% 76

recurring revenue eSAT'

Non-financial highlights

AAA 17

11,170

2
2

45%

internal fill rate”

yoday aouewsanog

80,036

yeroueuyy

MSCIESG rating countries where colleagues globally* volunteer hours spent
we operate helping our communities*
Our stakeholders Our Values >

are central to our business and we seek to align all our
activities with their interests.

© See pages 90 to 97

Customers
We build every experience with human insight and ingenuity.

Colleagues
We are committed to creating an environment where
colleagues feel energised to contribute to the success of SMBs.

Partners
We collaborate with partners throughout our
ecosystem to help deliver our ambition.

Shareholders
We target sustainable growth in shareholder value.

Society
We tackle digital inequality, economic inequality, and the
climate crisis, using our time, technology, and experience.

Z

underpin our culture and

Ns

drive our ways of working. >
We do the right thing. >
=
Human 2
We make connections 2
with customers, partners, 2
and colleagues, through 3
empathy and care. ‘3
Bold 7

We are curious, courageous,
ambitious, and creative.

Trust

We deliver our promises to
customers, partners, colleagues,
society, and shareholders.

Simplify
We strip away complexity.

© See pages 24 to 29 yy

a

Protect
the Planet

Tech R Human
for Good by Design

(>) See pages 30 to 34 for more
about Sage’s sustainability:
approach and progress

awe

eSAT is Sage’s Group wide employee satisfaction score as at 12 September 2025.
Internal fill rate of 45% reflects percentage of roles filled by existing colleagues rather than external hires.

Headcount data of 11,170 including 84 contractors and excluding eight Non-executive Directors as at 30 September 2025.

Volunteer hours measured during working hours in FY2S. In FY24 we reported on total volunteering hours, including those outside of work.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025 3

Our solutions

Focused on customer needs

Sage serves millions of small and

mid-sized businesses around the world Sage Copilot

Our products are mission-critical for our customers, enabling Sage Copilot is our Al-powered productivity assistant

them to manage accounting, payroll, HR and core business embedded across our products—streamli asks.

operations seamlessly. By automating workflows, reducing automating administrative processes, and delivering

manual admin, and delivering actionable insights, our solutions accurate, actionable insights.

save our customers time and help them make better decisions. + For smal businesses using Sage Accounting, Sage Active,
. and Sage 50, Sage Copilot helps automates invoicing,

Small businesses payments, and reporting, while monitoring real-time data to

Owner-led businesses, where small teams or individuals flag anomalies and track profitability. Customers report
manage both financial and HR responsibilities, often need saving up to five hours per week and getting paid seven
smart, scalable tools to simplify accounting and stay compliant. Gays faster. while improving cash flow.

- - For accounting professionals. Sage Copilot generates
We build our small business solutions to support their needs by client insights, automates communications, and streamlines

helping businesses control costs, manage cash flow efficiently, practice management, to deliver greater strategic value.
and stay focused on growth while navigating changing regulations. + For mid-sized businesses using Sage Intacct, Sage Copilot
. helps automates month end close and subledger reconcitiation
Mid-sized businesses processes and provides real-time variance analysis
Our solutions for mid-sized businesses empower finance and enabling finance teams to focus on strategic insights.
HR teams with intelligent automation and real-time insights For Sage X3 customers, Sage Copitot delivers operational
by streamlining workflows, (mproving forecasting securacy, intelligence, surfacing real-time insights such as fulfilment
. ° an issues, churn risk, and inventory delays, With natural
and enabling strategic decision making. As these organisations language chat and a unified 360° view across operations,
evolve and scale, we help them achieve greater efficiency and it empowers users to make faster, smarter decisions.
resilience while supporting their growth. .
Sage Ai
Integrated suites Sage Ai is our intelligence engine; a proprietary layer of Al

Our integrated product suites combine core accounting services that powers Sage Copilot and our Al agents. Built
capabilities with HR, payroll, and business management on deep domain expertise and trained on trusted data, it
tools tailored to clier t cific needs. For mid-market delivers reliable outcomes for customers. Increasingly,

. nt spe “et . specialist Al agents operate behind the scenes, taking
companies, we offer industry-specific solutions to meet action on the customer's behalf within permissioned
different sector requirements. These suites feature seamless boundaries, whether surfaced through Sage Copilot or
functional integration, enabling smooth workflows and embedded into product workflows or partner systems.
delivering the automation, insights, and compliance Each agent is purpose-built for a specific process,

mid-market busine ire freeing finance teams to focus on higher value work
‘et businesses require. Recent launches include Sage’s Finance Intelligence

Sage Platform Agent, as well as other agents, that help accelerate

The Sage Platform is our foundational technology infrastructure, core tasks such as the month end close.

enabling rapid deployment of innovations such as Sage Our philosophy: authentic intettigence

Copilot and Al agents across multiple products. It provides a Our guiding phitosophy is to build Al that is ethical, transparent,

unified interface for intelligent assistance within workflows, and human-first. We seek to create innovative solutions
that are secure and reliable. with customers remaining in

while Al helps automate complex, end-to-end processes. For control of their data and decisions, underpinned by our

developers, it offers shared tools, frameworks, and built-in commitment to transparency. We believe this authentic

security guardrails to accelerate detivery. The platform approach helps to strengthen customers’ trust in our

ensures scalability, security, and compliance, supporting Al technology, in the decisions they take, and in their

broader business relationships

trusted, human-first Al experiences.

Sage for Accountants Further
Sage for Accountants enables accountants to efficiently manage client data, information
accounts and compliance within a single solution. It streamlines practice

management—from data capture to tax filing—helping accountants boost

efficiency, and remain compliant.

4 ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT ANO ACCOUNTS 2025

Sage Accounting Further

Sage Accounting is designed to enable small businesses operating information

in any industry, as well as accountants and bookkeepers, to manage

their customer data, accounts, and people ina single solution.

Sage Active Further

Sage Active is an intuitive and multi-legislation solution for information

small businesses in Europe to automate accounting, sales,

and purchasing processes.

Sage 50 and Sage 200° Further

Our Sage 50 cloud and Sage 200 cloud franchises enable customers to information

control their business and gain improved visibility over their finances

and operations. Sage 50 is designed for small businesses, while Sage 200

offers customisable solutions to meet the needs of mid-sized businesses.

Sage Intacct Further

Sage Intacct helps growing mid-sized organisations thrive in today’s digital information

world with proven solutions across accounting, planning, and analytics. The

powerful platform of fers deep multi-dimensional insight and Al-powered

automation for organisational agility.

Sage X3. Further

Sage X3 provides fast, intuitive, and tailored business management information

capabilities for product-centric organisations, transforming how

they manage people, processes, and operations with multi-language,

multi-legislation, and multi-currency capabi

Sage Payroll Further

Sage Payroll is an intuitive solution that helps small businesses toruntheir information

payroll reliably and flexibly, including capabilities such as pensions filing,

tax submissions, and compliance.

Sage HR Further

Sage HR is designed to make people management easier and help teams information

perform at their best. Sage HR is best suited to small and mid-sized

businesses on site or on-the-go. For businesses that require a turnkey,

modular, low-cost, and easy-to-install solution, Sage HR offers core record

management, leave management, staff scheduling, and expenses services.

Sage People Further
information

Sage People is an HR and people management solution for mid-sized
businesses. It uses powerful automation, comprehensive analytics and
flexible workflows to ensure global workforces can adapt and thrive.

The Sage 200 product family includes solutions branded Sage 100, Sage 200, and Sage 300.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025, 5

2
3

quoday aaueusan09

squawayers yeroueuny

z
z
3
Ey
Fs
gs

ee

Market review

Our market opportunity

We have a strong global footprint, serving a diverse base of small and mid-sized businesses
(SMBs) across North America, Europe, Africa, Middle East and Asia-Pacific. Our broad geographic
reach and customer diversity provide a powerful vantage point for us to anticipate and respond
to evolving business needs. As digital mega-trends and regulatory tailwinds reshape the business
landscape, we are well positioned to empower SMBs through innovation, compliance, and

productivity-enhancing solutions.

Strategic outlook

SMBs represent an estimated 99%' of firms in our key markets
and they play a vital role in the global economy. Despite
ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges, SMBs
remain agile and continue to invest in technology to help
them thrive. Amid a complex regulatory landscape and
accelerating digital transformation, we support SMBs

with our trusted portfolio of accounting, HR, and payroll
solutions. Through compliance capabilities, Al-powered
innovation, and a connected ecosystem, we continue to
unlock new opportunities for growth, productivity, and
competitive advantage.

Our addressable market

The addressable market for Sage (including organisations
with up to 2,000 employees in all countries where we sell our
solutions) is forecast to be £44bn in 2026 and to continue
growing. This market includes accounting and financial

Our addressable market?

2025

£39bn

1. OECD estimates.
2. Company estimates based on external sources.

6 ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

£44bn

management, human capital management, enterprise resource
planning, payroll, accountant taxation and compliance, and
accounting practice management software across both
cloud and on-premise deployments.

Digitatisation through the ecosystem

SMBs are seeking to digitally transform workflows across
their business ecosystem, reducing their administrative
burden, and improving their working capital. This presents
us with a significant opportunity, as businesses look to
automate financial processes through services such as
Accounts Receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable (AP)
automation, integrated payments, and third-party
applications. Our strategic partnerships with fintech
and banking providers further extend our reach and
enable us to deliver more personalised, scalable,

and connected solutions.

2026 2027"

£50bn

Enabling responsible growth

Technology companies play a critical role in creating a
more sustainable future, by driving innovation, enhancing
efficiency, and providing tools and solutions that enable
businesses to operate sustainably. We are committed to
bringing powerful Al-based products to SMBs and
underrepresented groups, ensuring they don’t get left
behind in the technology revolution, while helping them
grow in an environmentally and socially responsible way.

Regulatory tailwinds

Governments across Sage’s key geographies are mandating
digitalisation to drive growth and improve compliance.
These mandates promote interoperability by encouraging
the use of standardised digital formats and Application
Programming Interface (API) driven ecosystems, while
enabling seamless integration across platforms. We expect
this regulatory momentum will drive widespread software
adoption among SMBs.

The UK's roll out of Making Tax Digital (MTD) for Income Tax
is expected to transform tax administration by digitalising
quarterly reporting for over 1.7 million taxpayers by 2028,
improving visibility of tax liabilities. Starting in April 2026,
the mandate applies to self-employed individuals and
landlords, expanding to lower income thresholds over time.
This shift is accelerating demand for compliant software
solutions and presents a strategic opportunity to support

a diverse, underserved market segment.

Trusted Al is driving
transformation

Generative Al continues to reshape the technology
landscape and influence the global economic agenda,
with its impact accelerating. Al is advancing more
rapidly than previous technology shifts, driven by
greater accessibility, declining costs, and significant
improvements in model capabilities. These developments
are enabling the development of Al agents capable of
executing complex, end-to-end workflow automation,
and marking a transformative shift in how businesses
operate and compete.

This Al evolution is strengthened by the rise of
domain-specific large language models (LLMs),
which allow businesses to differentiate at scale
and ata competitive cost. We are capitalising on this
opportunity by combining deep subject-matter
expertise with rich proprietary datasets to train
LLMs that power intelligent, embedded solutions.

2.
2

The EU’s VAT in the Digital Age (ViDA) legislation introduces
mandatory e-invoicing, real-time reporting, and single VAT
registration across member states. Phased from 2025 to 2035,
ViDA simplifies compliance and is expected to generate
substantial economic benefits, including an estimated

€51 billion in savings for businesses. For Sage, ViDA presents
a significant opportunity to support customers through this
transition by delivering compliant, scalable solutions that
automate invoicing, reporting, and VAT workflows.

yoday aoueusanog

>
With a presence across four \
continents, we help SMBs z
stay ahead of the curve as 5
digital trends reshape the 3
3
future of work. i
Y
In parallel, the emergence of Digital ID frameworks for
individuals and businesses across the UK and EU presents z
an opportunity for Sage to embed trust and verification z
into everyday workflows. With Sage ID already used across 3
our portfolio, Sage is well positioned to unify fragmented 12
identity signals, such as VAT numbers and payroll IDs, into 3
a secure, seamless experience. 2

Many of our customers are already realising the
benefits of Sage’s Al capabilities, which align

with our technology vision of ending monthly cycles
and delivering continuous accounting, assurance, and
insights. This helps SMBs work smarter, faster, and with
greater confidence.

At the same time, Al introduces new challenges around
data accuracy, privacy, security, and intellectual property
management. We embrace new technologies in a secure
and ethical manner, ensuring customers remain in
control of their data and decisions. Our commitment to
responsible innovation is reflected in our Al and Data
Ethics Principles, which guide the development and
deployment of Al across our products. By embedding
trust our Al strategy, Sage aims to build long-term
confidence in our solutions and ensure that innovation
isatigned with customer values and regulatory expectations.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025 7

Our business model

Creating value
for our stakeholders

Inputs )

Customer base
The breadth of our
customer base around
the world gives us a
unique insight into
the needs of SMBs.

Trusted advisor
Sage isa trusted
brand, providing
award-winning
customer service,
which generates
loyalty and advocacy
among customers.

People

Caring and engaged
colleagues are
committed to
driving success

for our customers.

Platform

The Sage Platform

is our foundational
technology infrastructure
that accelerates the
delivery of Al-powered
innovation.

Ecosystem

We expand Sage's
scale and reach
through our
ecosystem of
accountants,
resellers, and
technology partners.

ZL

How we attract and retain customers

aA

eo %
> «2% Platfo, %%,
s ©
ce $8

a
¢ Customers
Ss.
° 8rVice

1. Awareness and land
Attract new customers to Sage through brand awareness, targeted campaigns, the sage.com
website, referrals and partners. Offer guides and trials to prospective customers.

2. Adopt
Sign up new customers to Sage products on subscription. For some solutions, Sage or our
partners provide training and onboarding to get customers started.

3. Service
Provide digital and human customer support to enhance customer experience, offering
regular check-ins and conducting feedback surveys.

4. Expand

Enable Sage customers to benefit from our expanding portfolio of cloud-based solutions
and Al-powered services. This increases the value of our product portfolio and enables
Sage to deepen customer relationships.

5. Renew

Create a seamless experience for customers that drives higher satisfaction, helps to retain
customers, and increases adoption of Sage solutions. Recommendations also help attract
new customers to the network.

8 ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

Our enablers

More customers

Adding customers, end users, and ecosystem participants drives the
network effect and allows us to scale new value propositions. Ecosystem
participants (attracted by customer volumes) amplify the network effect.

More data
With more data and data types from network participants, we can capture
data flows and transactions both within and outside the network.

More insight

Data drives the development of Al-powered solutions through a combination
of understanding customer problems and deploying data science capabilities.
This is enabled by our culture of experimentation and innovation.

More value
These solutions enhance the customer experience and create value for

customers and Sage.

Aculture of innovation
and experimentation

Our relentless ambition to help SMBs thrive drives continuous innovation.
We encourage our colleagues to adopt an experimental mindset, helping to
ensure our workforce remains fit for to an evolving technological landscape.

[>] See pages 24 to 29 to learn more about our culture

y

Our Values

We do the right thing and deliver on our promises.

+ Being Human through empathy, care, and strong connections.

+ Being Bold by being curious, courageous, ambitious, and creative.
+ Creating Trust by delivering our promises.

+ Simplifying by stripping away complexity.

© See pages 24 to 29 to learn more about our Values

Z

Outputs

Customers
101%

°
renewal by value
Colleagues
employee satisfaction (eSAT)
Community

80,036

Sage Foundation volunteer
hours spent helping our

communities

Shareholders

18%

underlying basic EPS growth

21.85p

total dividend for the year

£300m

share buyback announced

© See pages 90 to 97
to learn more about
our stakeholders

y

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC, ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

9

uo} ,ewz0ju Yeuourppy

syuawayers je}oueu4

2.
2
3
8

yuoday aauewanog

aS

x

¢

Chair’s statement

Empowering our customers

10

FY25 saw Sage achieve
another year of strong
progress and delivery

against our strategy.

Andrew Duff
Chair

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

Introduction

FY25 saw Sage achieve another year of strong progress

and delivery against our strategy. A continued, sharp focus
on growth and operational efficiency has resulted in further
significant revenue and earnings expansion. Over the last
three years, Sage has delivered total underlying revenue
growth of over 30%, while underlying earnings per share (EPS)
has increased by an impressive 75%, on a constant currency
basis. At the same time, we have substantially increased
‘investment in our platform, our products, and our sales
channels. In doing so, | believe we have laid a strong
foundation for the Group's future success.

Executing our strategy

Sage is a business that is driven by its purpose: to knock
down barriers so everyone can thrive. Rapid advances in
Artificial Intelligence have provided the means for us to
deliver this for SMBs more effectively than ever before.
The investment we've made in our infrastructure and our
platform over recent years makes us exceptionally well
positioned to doso.

Our ambition is to build the world’s most trusted and
thriving network for SMBs, powered by Al. Importantly,

we brought Sage Copilot, our generative Al-based digital
assistant, to market in selected products and geographies,
and thousands of customers are already using it to guide
their decisions and streamline their work. Increasingly, our
next-generation Al agents are automating tasks intelligently,
but always with the customer in control. Over time, Al will
become the foundation of every experience we deliver.

Consistent with our Values, our focus is on delivering practical,
safe, human-first Al that empowers our customers and their
businesses, rather than replacing them—automating their
workflows, removing administrative tasks, and creating
more time for growth and innovation.

SMBs make up 99% of all businesses. They are the “beating
heart” of developed economies and are significant employers
and wealth creators. In contributing to their success, Sage is
also helping to power the global economy, providing benefits
to all our stakeholders while also supporting the long-term
sustainability of the Group.