Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Butlding
sustainable
growth

HN

| age

Building
sustainable growth

Sage is a leader in accounting, financial, HR and payroll technology for small and mid-sized
businesses (SMBs), enabling them to streamline operations, make more informed decisions,
and be more productive. :

By contributing to the success of SMBs and the people who drive them, Sage is delivering
benefits to all of our stakeholders including customers, colleagues, society and shareholders,
helping to build sustainable growth.

Contents

Strategic Report Governance Report

1 Financial highlights 84 Governance at Sage

2 Sage ata glance 86 Chair's introduction to Governance
4 Our solutions 88 Ourleadership

6 Chair's statement 92 Corporate governance report

8 CEO's review 129 Directors’ Remuneration Report

2 Market review 164 Directors’ Report

4 Business model

18 Our strategy at a glance Financial Statements

20 Strategy in action 172 Independent Auditor’s Report to the
22 Our key performance indicators members of The Sage Group ple.

24 Our people and culture 182 Consolidated financial statements
30 Sustainability and Society 188 —_Notes to the consolidated financial statements
38 TCFOD disclosure 261 Company financial statements

46 Non-financial and sustainability information statement

47 Stakeholder engagement Additional Information

56 Section 172(1) statement 269 Glossary

60 Financial review 272. Shareholder information

68 Risk management

74 Principal Risks and uncertainties

Supplementary reporting

Sustainability Climate Report Sage Sustainability Hub
and Society Report Read about the actions

Read about how we we are taking to tackle

approach the most

material sustainability
issues faced by Sage.

climate change.

Financial highlights

Our year in numbers

Underlying total revenue

Underlying total revenue of £2,184m increased by 10%, driven
by broad-based growth in cloud solutions across the Group.

Underlying operating profit

Underlying operating profit grew by 18% to £456m, driven by sales
growth and a higher underlying operating profit margin.

Underlying operating profit margin

Underlying operating profit margin increased to 20.9% from 19.5%,

driven by operating efficiencies as we scale the Group.

Underlying basic earnings per share (EPS)

Underlying basic EPS increased by 22% to 32.3p.

Statutory revenue

Statutory revenue of £2,184m grew by 12%, reflecting good levels
of underlying growth in all regions together with a small foreign
exchange tailwind.

Statutory operating profit

Statutory operating profit decreased by 14% to £315m including
one-off gains on business disposals in FY22, together with property
restructuring and M&A-related charges in FY23.

Net cash generated from operating activities

Net cash generated from operating activities of £387m increased
by 36%, reflecting strong underlying cash conversion.

Dividend

Total dividend for the year increased by 5% to 19.3p.

About our non-GAAP measures and why we use them

Throughout the Strategic Report we quote two kinds of non-GAAP measure: underlying and organic. Underlying measures are adjusted to exclude items which
in management's judgement need to be disclosed separately by virtue of their size, nature or frequency to aid understanding of the performance for the year

‘or comparability between periods.

Organic measures allow management and investors to understand the like-for-like performance of the business.

Full definitions of underlying and organic can be found within note 2 of the financial statements. Reconciliations of statutory revenue, operating profit and
basic EPS to their underlying and organic equivalents are in the Financial review starting on page 60.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023

2
8
é
3
2
2
3
8

quoday eouewsanog

|

syuawayeys eouenny

vopewsojui 1euoM\pPY |

Sage at a glance

Helping business flow

What we do

Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone

Our global reach’

can thrive, starting with the millions of small and
mid-sized businesses served by us, our partners and
accountants. Customers trust our finance, HR and

Payroll software to make work and money flow.

How we do it

By digitising business processes and relationships
with customers, suppliers, employees, banks and

27%

Europe

governments, our digital network connects SMBs,

removing friction and delivering insights. Knocking
down barriers also means we use our time, technology,
and experience to tackle digital inequality, economic

inequality and the climate crisis.

Our strategic framework
for growth

Our purpose
is to knock down barriers so everyone
can thrive.

Our ambition

is to be the trusted network for
small and mid-sized businesses—
an integrated experience of digital
and human connections.

Our strategic priorities
We have five strategic priorities, which
underpin our purpose and help us to
achieve our ambition.

See pages 18 and19

UKIA?

44%

North America

29%

1. Split of total underlying revenue of £2,184m,
2. United Kingdom, Ireland, Africa and APAC.

Our stakeholders
Colleagues

We are committed to people,
driven by innovation, energising
everyone to make a difference.

See pages 48 and 49
Customers

We build every experience with
human insight and ingenuity.

See pages 50 and 51

Society

We tackle digital inequality, economic
inequality and the climate crisis,

using our time, technology
and experience.

See pages 52 and53

Shareholders
We target sustainable growth
‘in shareholder value.

See pages 54 and55

2 ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023

Our values

We do the right thing
Human

We make connections with customers,
Partners and colleagues, through
empathy and care.

Bold
We are curious, courageous,
ambitious and creative.

Simplify
We strip away complexity.

Trust

We deliver our promises to
customers, colleagues, society
and shareholders.

2
8
A
é
a
3
3

Business highlights Non-financial highlights 9
19 AAA
countries in which we operate MSCI ESG rating 3
96% 34%
° °
recurring revenue leadership teams meeting our FY26 gender diversity target? —
11,326 154,620 i
colleagues globally Sage Foundation volunteering hours 2
3
Net Z ,
4.1 et Zero
Glassdoor score targeted by 2040 across Scopes 1,2 and 3, with a mid-term
goat to halve our emissions by 20305 —
—
z
5
3
Our approach to sustainability

Sage has an important role in creating value for all

our stakeholders including colleagues, customers,
society and shareholders. Our Sustainability and

Society strategy is pivotal to how we deliver on Sage’s
purpose of knocking down barriers so everyone can
thrive. Through our strategy, we aim to turn barriers into
opportunities, creating positive impact far beyond Sage.

Sage Foundation

Our volunteering, fundraising, grant-giving, skills
training and other charitable and community work

all come together under the global banner of the Sage
Foundation. It is an integral part of our culture at Sage
and is regularly cited by colleagues as one of the reasons
‘they enjoy working here.

Find out more about our approach to sustainability:
see pages 30 to 37

1. Asa percentage of total underlying revenue.
2. Global gender diversity target of no more than 60% of any one gender, in any leadership team, anywhere in Sage, by FY26.
3. Against a 2019 baseline.

THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023 3

Our solutions

Focused on
customer needs

Sage serves millions of small and

mid-sized businesses around the world

Our solutions are focused on the needs of customers,
delivering innovative services that automate accounting
workflows. We are continuously enriching these solutions,
not just adding better features but providing a network of
applications and services that make it easier for customers
to connect, collaborate and do business.

Sage Business Cloud

Sage Business Cloud is a portfolio of unified cloud native
and cloud connected solutions for SMBs and accountants,
enabling customers to be more productive, resilient and
flexible. This is supported by a rich and robust marketplace
of independent software vendor (ISV) apps and emerging
technology across Artificial Intelligence (Al), machine
learning and automation.

Continued investment to enhance our product offering
enables us to grow Sage Business Cloud. During FY23, we
launched new cloud solutions across our markets, including
Sage Active, a multi-legislation business management
solution now available in France, Spain and Germany.

Small businesses

Small customers are typically owner-run businesses with
individuals or small teams responsible for finances and
human resources. They are looking to automate accounting
and compliance while managing costs and cash flow. Our
solutions are tailored to their specific needs, enabling them
to prioritise their time and stay on top of evolving regulations.

Mid-sized businesses

Mid-sized customers are often scaling and transforming,
with functions structured around specialist teams and
departments. They are focused on growth and efficiency,
requiring insight and automation. Our solutions give
finance and HR professionals insights to help their
organisations analyse, strategise, and improve
forecasting, by streamlining their workflows.

Cloud connected solutions

‘Smatt businesses Mid-sized businesses
Cloud connected solutions combine the power Sage 50 Sage X3
and productivity of the desktop with the freedom Sage 200
and security of the cloud.
Sage X3 Sage 50 and Sage 200

Sage X3 provides fast, intuitive and tailored business
management solutions for product-centric organisations.
It transforms how organisations manage people, processes
and operations. With multi-language, multi-legislation
and mutti-currency capabilities, Sage X3 delivers
comprehensive business management capabilities.

4 THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023

The Sage 50 cloud and Sage 200 cloud franchises
enable customers to control their business and gain
complete visibility over their finances and operations.
Sage 50 is designed for small businesses, while Sage
200 offers customisable solutions to meet the needs
of mid-sized businesses.

Cloud native solutions

Cloud native solutions offer anytime, anywhere
availability, automatic updates and full access
to a wide ecosystem of partners and ISVs,

ina hosted environment.

‘Smal businesses
Sage Accounting
Sage Payroll

Sage HR

Mid-sized businesses

Sage Intacct
Sage People

yt

Sage Accounting

Sage Accounting is designed to enable small businesses
operating in any industry, as well as accountants and
bookkeepers, to manage their customer data, accounts
and people all in one cloud native solution.

Sage HR

Sage HR is designed to make people management easier and
helps teams perform at their best. Sage HR is best suited
to SMBs for work on site or on-the-go. Targeting those that
require a turnkey, modular, low-cost and easy-to-install
solution, Sage HR offers core record management, leave
management, staff scheduling and expenses services.

Sage Intacct

Sage Intacct helps organisations thrive in today’s digital
world with proven cloud native solutions across accounting,
planning, analytics and payroll. The powerful cloud platform
offers deep multi-dimensional insight and Al-powered
automation which enables organisational agility.

Sage People

Sage People is our cloud HR and people management
solution designed for mid-sized customers. It uses powerful
automation, comprehensive analytics and flexible workflows
to ensure global workforces can adapt and thrive.

Sage Payroll

Sage Payroll, the UK’s number one payroll provider by
market value, is an intuitive, cloud-based solution that
helps small businesses to run their payroll reliably and
flexibly, including capabilities such as pensions filing,
HMRC submissions and compliance.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023 5

2
&.
z
3
8

quoday aoueusenog,

nuumeisinovens | |

smnewennesoneer | |

Chair’s statement

A platform for

sustainable growth

“Sage continued to perform
well in FY23, maintaining good
momentum across the business.
Aclear focus on growth, innovation
and operational efficiency has
resulted in significant revenue
and earnings expansion.”

Andy Duff
Chair

6 THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023,

Introduction

Sage continued to perform well in FY23, maintaining good
momentum across the business. A clear focus on growth,
innovation and operational efficiency has resulted in
significant revenue and earnings expansion. We have made
substantial progress towards our ambition to be the trusted
network for SMBs, leveraging our scale and expertise to provide
more value to customers through new and existing cloud
solutions and services.

This progress has only been possible because of the passion
and commitment that is evident from Sage colleagues every
day. On behalf of the Board, | would like to extend my gratitude
to all our people for their dedicated and enthusiastic approach
to serving SMBs, accountants and partners alike.

Purpose and strategy

Central to the Group’s strategy is our purpose—to knock
down barriers so everyone can thrive. Sage’s solutions,
backed by human expertise, enable SMBs to automate
accounting and HR workflows, streamline operations and
make more informed business decisions. By contributing
to the success of SMBs, Sage is also helping to power the
global economy, providing benefits to all our stakeholders
including customers, colleagues, society and shareholders,
and supporting the long-term sustainability of the Group.

Sage’s progress is underpinned by innovation. We have
established the Sage Network to connect SMBs to their
customers, suppliers, banks and other partners, enabling
us to develop and deploy new solutions faster and more
efficiently than before. It provides the data flows to enable
powerful Al-based services that transform the customer
experience. Through innovation, together with the focused
execution of our five strategic priorities, we are building

a platform for sustainable growth. You can read more
about our progress on pages 18 and 19.

Financial performance

Underlying total revenue increased by 10% in FY23, up
from 4% in the previous year. Underlying recurring revenue,
which now represents 96% of total, increased by 12%, driven
by broad-based growth in cloud solutions throughout
the Group. The quality of the Group’s revenue continues
to improve, with subscription penetration now at 79%.
Underlying operating margin increased from 19.5% to
20.9%, and underlying basic earnings per share increased
by 22% to 32.3p, as we efficiently scale the Group.

Cash generation is a core strength of Sage, with underlying
cash conversion of 116%. During the year, Sage acquired
Spherics, an innovative carbon accounting solution, and
Corecon, a construction project management solution.

In line with our progressive dividend policy, the Group

is proposing to increase the total dividend for the year

by 5% to 19.3p. In addition, alongside our FY23 results we
announced a share buyback programme of up to £350m,
reflecting the Board’s confidence in the future prospects of
the Group, together with Sage’s strong cash generation and
robust financial position. ~

Governance and the Board

Good corporate governance is key to long-term, sustainable
success, and we hold ourselves to the highest governance
and ethical standards. Board diversity remains a key priority
at Sage, with a variety of viewpoints contributing to robust
discussions and decision making.

We were delighted to welcome Maggie Chan Jones and
Roisin Donnelly to the Board, with effect from December
2022 and February 2023, respectively. They bring broad

and rich experience, and the Board is already benefitting
from their contributions. We are also pleased that, as recently
announced, Annette Court has agreed to succeed Drummond
Hall as Senior Independent Director when he retires from
the Board at the end of December 2023. | would like to thank
Drummond for his considerable contribution to Sage over
the last decade and wish him every success for the future.

To engage with and support colleagues, and to better understand
local issues, I have spent considerable time with our people
in locations throughout the Group, including the UK, North
America and Europe. The Board has also travelled to engage
in person with local teams, gain insight into our operations
and monitor culture. Our Board Associate, Derek Taylor, who
has been instrumental in bringing the voice of colleagues
into the Boardroom, is coming to the end of his 18-month
term in the role. With support from senior management,

we are in the process of appointing our next Board
Associate and | look forward to sharing details next year.

Following the conclusion of a formal tender process, Sage
announced in September that, subject to shareholder approval,
KPMG will be appointed to act as the Group's new external
auditor for the financial year ending 30 September 2025,
replacing the current external auditor, EY.

Our people and values

Also key to our long-term success is our cultural agenda.
Achieving sustainable growth relies on fostering a high-
performance culture that enables everyone to perform at
their best. Our values underpin our culture, and our focus

on doing the right thing helps ensure that our actions align
with the trust placed in us by our customers, partners and
communities. Sage is committed to building a diverse and
‘inclusive workforce and in 2023 was listed among The Times
Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality.

Sustainability and society

Our Sustainability and Society strategy is pivotal to how
we deliver on Sage's purpose, supporting sustainable and
inclusive economic growth so everyone can thrive. This year,
we have evolved the strategy to better reflect our role in
society, with a strong emphasis on our environmental, social
and governance (ESG) responsibilities. Further information
on the evolved strategy can be found on pages 30 to 37.

Sage is committed to tackling the climate crisis, including
achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2040, with a science-
based target to halve emissions by 2030 against a 2019
baseline. The Sage Foundation continues to play an important
role in mobilising Sage colleagues, their families and our
partners, to support social and environmental causes
through volunteering and fundraising.

We are pleased to continue to receive positive external
recognition for our ESG performance during the year, with
an “AAA” ESG rating from MSCI, inclusion in the FT’s Europe’s
Climate Leaders list, and a top five ranking in IDC’s European
Sustainable Strategies and Technologies index.

Looking forward to FY24 and beyond

This has been a year of continued momentum. Despite

the uncertain economic and geopolitical environment,
Sage remains resilient, with ambitious plans for expansion.
As we look to the year ahead, | am confident that the strength
of our global business, combined with our focus on innovating
to meet customer needs, will enable further sustainable
growth for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

The Board’s statement in respect of matters
pertaining to section 172(1) of the Companies
Act 2006 is set out on page 56.

Further insight into the activities of the Board
for FY23 can be found on pages 100 to 103.

Andy Duff
Chair
21 November 2023

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023

g
2
2
3
3

sjuawareys erouenny ysoday aoueus9n09

uoy}euoju} euoNIpPY

CEO’s review

Innovating

for our customers

“We continue to knock down
barriers for millions of SMBs by
providing innovative solutions
that simplify their processes,
streamline their operations
and make them more resilient
and productive.”

Steve Hare
Chief Executive Officer

a ‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023,

Introduction

Sage delivered a strong performance in FY23, driven by
broad-based growth across all of our regions. We continue
to knock down barriers for millions of SMBs throughout our
markets by providing innovative solutions that simplify
their accounting, payroll and HR processes, streamline their
operations, and make them more resilient and productive.

Asa result, despite the ongoing macroeconomic challenges,
we achieved double-digit revenue growth, adding almost
£225m of annualised recurring revenue (ARR) and growing
Group revenue to well over £2bn. We also expanded our
underlying operating margin and delivered strong cash
flow. This was underpinned by further, consistent strategic
progress, as we continue to innovate and drive more value
for our customers.

During the year we rolled out cloud solutions such as

Sage Intacct and Sage Active across more of our markets,
particularly in Europe. We also launched and extended the
availability of cloud services such as accounts payable
automation, leveraging the scale and breadth of the Sage
Network to develop and integrate Al-powered features
into our solutions.

In addition, we stepped up our service of SMBs in broader
ways, including by championing their interests with policy
makers, for example at forums such as the UK Prime Minister's
Business Council and COP 27, and by providing expertise
and resources to help thousands of entrepreneurs from
underrepresented communities grow their businesses.

None of this would have been possible without the hard
work and dedication of our people, and | would like to
thank everyone at Sage, together with the partners and
accountants with whom we work, for their contributions
to Sage’s ongoing success and their commitment to
our purpose.

Financial performance

Sage achieved underlying recurring revenue growth of 12%
to £2,096m. Ona regional basis, North America increased
recurring revenue by 16% to £944m, with a strong performance
from Sage Intacct and cloud connected solutions. The UKIA
region grew recurring revenue by 10% to £611m, driven by
further demand for cloud solutions from both new and existing
customers. In Europe, recurring revenue increased by 7% to
£541m, reflecting growth across Sage Business Cloud.

Underlying total revenue increased by 10% to £2,184m.
Importantly, recurring revenue now represents 96% of total,
demonstrating the high quality and resilient nature of
our business.

Underlying operating profit increased by 18% to £456m,
while underlying operating margin was 21%, trending
upwards on the prior year driven by revenue growth and
operating efficiencies. Reflecting this strong progress,
underlying basic EPS increased by 22% to 32.3p.

Growth was driven by continued success across Sage
Business Cloud, in accounting, payroll and HR. Sage Intacct
again performed strongly, adding around £100m of ARR
during the year, while other cloud native solutions such as
Sage Accounting, Sage Payroll and Sage HR also performed
strongly. In addition, our cloud connected solutions Sage 200
and Sage 50 were significant contributors to growth.

Asa result, Sage’s ARR increased by 11% to £2,188m, with growth
balanced between new and existing customers. This was
underpinned by cloud native ARR growth of 28% to £684m.
In total, Sage has added £190m of ARR through new customer
acquisition in FY23, up from £180m in the prior year.

Across the Group, customer renewal rates have been strong.
Our renewal rate by value of 102% is ahead of last year,
reflecting a strong performance in customer add-ons
and targeted price rises, together with a continued focus
on customer retention.

Sage Network is our platform

Our performance is driven by our consistent focus on the
needs of SMBs, and at the heart of this is the Sage Network.
Established as a single platform to bring businesses together
through connected accounting, the Sage Network is a set of
integrated products and services that enable organisations
to transform their accounting, finance, payroll and HR workflows.
The platform connects SMBs with key stakeholders and
counterparties—for example customers, suppliers, employees,
banks and governments—digitising business relationships
and removing friction from their processes.

The network serves as a powerful platform for innovation
at Sage. Through the network, we are able to build services
once, and deploy them to customers of multiple solutions
across Sage Business Cloud, accelerating our development
cycle. And by harnessing the data flows across the network,
we're able to create sophisticated Al-based services that
learn from the collective activity and data flows of
potentially millions of SMBs globally.

Furthermore, we've designed the network based on an open
architecture incorporating standard APIs, enabling our
extensive partner and ISV ecosystem to join the network,
extend the customer proposition and drive further scale
by offering more cloud-based services to SMBs.

We're very excited about the potential of the Sage Network
to offer Al-powered solutions to SMBs that are truly

transformative, automating workflows both within and
between businesses, and forming a strong foundation
for the continued growth of Sage over the longer term.

Progress towards our strategic priorities

We focus our activities through five strategic priorities that
have the greatest impact on our growth, and we are making
strong progress towards all of them:

+ Weare scaling Sage Intacct, including by launching
the solution throughout our geographic markets, and
by expanding its vertical-specific capabilities. During
the year we launched Sage Intacct in continental Europe
starting with France, and with Germany to follow.

Beyond core financials, we are delivering benefits to mid-
sized businesses including payroll, planning, analytics and
workflow automation. Providing integrations between key
products such as Sage Intacct, Sage Payroll and Sage HRis
helping to drive growth.

+ Continued progress in developing our small business
solutions, including Sage Accounting and Sage Active,
‘is enabling us to build our small business engine. Sage for
Accountants has now been adopted by 8,000 accountants
‘in the UK, up from around 2,000 a year ago, as we help
them digitalise their practices. Sage Active is now
available in France, Spain and Germany.

We are scaling the network by increasing Sage Business
Cloud penetration, enabling more customers to connect
to the Sage Network, and by introducing new cloud
services. We have also enabled greater network usage by
third-party software providers, generating consumption-
based revenue for Sage while expanding and enriching
the customer experience.

+ Investing in disruptive new technologies remains a focus,
as we leverage the Sage Network to embed Al-powered
features across Sage Business Cloud. New and upcoming
solutions include Sage Network Inbox, a connected accounting
workflow management tool, and Sage Copilot, our digital
assistant, both powered by generative Al technology
to enable natural language interaction.

You can read more about our progress towards each
of these strategic priorities on pages 18 and 19.

Sharpening our customer focus

Maintaining strong, enduring customer relationships is key
to our growth. While we continue to receive recognition—
for example, Sage Intacct was rated number one in customer
satisfaction across 19 different categories in the G2 Fall
2023 Reports—we are focused on ensuring this strength

is deeply embedded throughout the organisation.

‘THE SAGE GROUP PLC. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2023

2
3
é
3
2
3
3

yoday eoueusen09

syuawayers eyoueuns

uonewsosul euoMppy f

CEO’s review continued

During the year we revamped our customer experience
strategy, launching a multi-year programme that significantly
broadens our measurement of customer satisfaction across
various solutions and services. The results are providing
valuable insights enabling us to address and rectify distinct
customer challenges.

We're also driving customer perception and brand awareness
‘in our markets with distinctive global marketing and major
sports partnerships including Major League Baseball,

The Hundred c