sage

—— “a
: | | | | | | | | | | |

a I

ind |

0600S AABOI7ING* H

Al2 25/03/2022 #830

COMPANIES HOUSE }

Knocking down
barriers — pol Rat

Contents

Strategic Report
1 Introduction
2 Ataglance
4 Chair's statement
6 Market opportunity
8 Our products
10 Chief Executive's review
4 Addressing and adapting to customer macrotrends
16 Our strategy - strategic priorities
18 Our strategy - Sage Digital Network
20 Business model
2 Investment case
24 Our key performance indicators
26 Section 172(1) Statement and key stakeholders
3B Non-financial information statement
2 Sustainability and Society
32 Environment
38 People
42 Financial review
so Risk management
57 Principal risks and uncertainties
Governance
67 Chair's introduction to
corporate governance
70 Board of Directors
72 Executive Committee
74 Corporate Governance Report
120 Directors’ Remuneration Report
158 Directors’ Report
Financial Statements
166 —_ Independent auditor's report to
the members of The Sage Group ple.
176 Group financial statements
181 Notes to the Group
financial statements
241 Company financial statements
248 Glossary
252 Shareholder information

‘About our non-GAAP measures and why weusethem

Highlights

Financial highlights

Organic recurring Organic operating
revenue growth margin
5.4% 19.3%
FY20: 8.4% FY20: 22.0%
Strategic KPIs

Renewal Subscription

by value penetration
99% 70%
FY20: 99% FY20: 65%
Annualised recurring Sage Business
revenue (ARR) growth Cloud penetration
7.7% 67%
FY20: 4.7% FY20: 60%

Other key highlights

Underlying cash Statutory revenue
conversion growth
126% (3.0)%
FY20: 123% FY20: (1.7)%
Organic revenue growth Dividend
3.1%  17.68p
FY20: 3.6% FY20: 17.25p

Throughout the Strategic Report we quote two kinds of non-GAAP measure: underlying and organic. Underlying measures allow management
and investors to compare performance without the potentially distorting effects of foreign exchange movements, one-off items or non-
operational items.

Organic measures allow management and investors to understand the like-for-like performance of the business. Full definitions of underlying
and organic can be found within note 2 of the financial statements. Reconciliations of statutory revenue, operating profit and basic earnings per
share to their underlying and organic equivalents are in the Financial review starting on page 42.

Knocking down barriers

Sage works with millions of small and mid-sized businesses
(SMBs). around the world, helping them with our technology
and our support, and seeking to make their lives easier and

knock down barriers to success.

To ensure we continually meet the needs of our customers
and support the communities in which they operate, we have
refreshed our strategic framework. Our purpose is to knock
down barriers so everyone can thrive. Our ambition is to be
Forasummary of our the trusted network for SMBs, building experiences that

strategic framework we a os
see page 3. connect, remove friction and deliver insights.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc. 1

Ata glance

About Sage

Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone can thrive, starting with the millions of small and
mid-sized businesses served by us, our partners and accountants. Customers trust our finance,
HR and payroll software to make work and money flow. By digitising business processes and
relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, banks and governments, our digital network
connects SMBs, removing friction and delivering insights. Knocking down barriers also means we
use our time, technology and experience to tackle digital inequality, economic inequality and the
climate crisis.

Where we operate
Global reach, local focus

39% 39%

North America® 2 International*

Plage: : . we? es

Learn more about our cloud
solutions on pages 8-9.

Countries Colleagues globally Recurring revenue*

* Percentage of total organic revenue.

2 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc.

To knock down barriers
so everyone can thrive

a

Purpose

To be the trusted network for
@ ys small and mid-sized businesses
Ambition - an integrated experience of
digital and human connections
TTR

Strategic priorities

Scale Expand medium Build the Scale Learn
Sage Intacct beyond financials small business the network and disrupt

e engine

Learn more on pages 16-17.

Sage promises to our stakeholders

Customers Colleagues Society Shareholders
We build every experience We are committed to people, We tackle digital inequality, We target
with human insight driven by innovation, economic inequality and the sustainable growth in
and ingenuity. energising everyone climate crisis, using our time, shareholder value.
to make a difference. technology and experience.
Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more
on pages 14-15. on pages 38-40. on pages 29-31. on pages 22-23.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc. 3

Chair's statement

Accelerating growth with purpose

| am delighted to be able to share my thoughts with you for
the first time since becoming Chair of Sage on 1 October.

\ have already observed many strong qualities across

the organisation, including first and foremost the energy,
enthusiasm and talent evident among colleagues. Through
their commitment, Sage plays a vital role in supporting
Small and Medium Businesses globally. The opportunity

to oversee and support the long-term success of the Group
as it builds on its transformation to a subscription-based
cloud business is an exciting one — and one to which I'm
fully committed.

lam grateful to the Board, Executive Committee and
broader team for their warm welcome. I'd particularly

like to thank my predecessor, Sir Donald Brydon, for his
strong support and counsel during the transition, and for
his service and impact over the nine years of his tenure.
He leaves behind a focused business with a clear strategy
and purpose and a strong management team.

4 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc.

“Building on our strategic investment
across Sage Business Cloud, and our
focus on accelerating growth
particularly in cloud native solutions,
the Group enters FY22 in a strong
position and with momentum.”

Andrew Duff
Chair

Purpose-driven performance

The Board has adopted a new strategic framework for

the business, governed by the Group's purpose: to knock
down barriers so everyone can thrive. This governing
purpose defines our attitudes to each other and to the
communities and customers with whom we interact.

Our purpose complements an understanding of the wider
economic significance of a thriving SMB sector. Serving
and supporting SMBs is at the heart of what Sage does,
not only through its software and digital solutions, but also
through access to its network as well as the business advice
it provides.

It is clear that a close alignment between our business
activities and Sage’s wider purpose is central to the
sustainability of the Group, as we create solutions that
meet the current and future needs of our customers, while
fostering a culture that embraces diversity and inclusion.
Encouraging innovation is key, as the Group continues to
enhance the capabilities of Sage Business Cloud, making it
amore compelling digital environment in which customers
can connect, collaborate and do business.

Looking back at FY21

The Group entered the year amid ongoing uncertainty
relating to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, thanks to a
continued focus on execution, and reflecting our increased
strategic investment in sales, marketing and innovation,
the Group achieved a strong operational and financial
performance, gaining momentum throughout the year.

Subscription revenues grew by 11% on an organic basis

to £1.24bn, with 70% of Group revenue now coming from
subscription, up from 65% last year. Sage Business Cloud
revenue grew by 19% to over £1bn, and Sage Business
Cloud penetration is 67%, up from 60% last year. While
organic recurring revenue grew by 5.4% during the year, the
increasing momentum generated through strong execution
led to annualised recurring revenue (ARR) growth of 8%.
The principal driver was cloud native ARR, which grew by
44% to £347m. Organic operating profit margin declined by
three percentage points to 19%, reflecting the Group's
significant strategic investment during the year.

The Group remains strongly cash generative with underlying
cash conversion of 126%. During the year Sage initiated
share buyback programmes totalling £600m, reflecting

the proceeds from recent disposals while also considering
potential future capital requirements to support both
organic and inorganic growth. In line with our policy

of maintaining the dividend in real terms, the Group

is proposing to increase the full-year dividend by 2.5%

to 17.68p.

The pandemic has presented many challenges to our
colleagues and our customers. It is with much gratitude
that | wish to acknowledge the way in which every colleague
embraced the challenges and the new ways of working
necessary to maintain our progress and support our
customers, while looking after their families, parents

and children.

Travel between the UK and our businesses in North
America, South Africa and Europe has been almost
impossible for our leadership during the past 18 months.
Despite this, | am delighted that all of these businesses have
made substantial progress in 2021 and | greatly look forward
to personally visiting these regions in the near future.

The Board in FY21

In March 2021, the Board was pleased to welcome Derek
Harding as a Non-executive Director and member of the
Audit and Risk Committee, bringing a wide range of financial
leadership experience. A brief biography of Derek can be
found on page 71. In April, Sangeeta Anand, who joined

the Board last year, was appointed to the Audit and Risk
Committee, further strengthening the technology skills

of the Committee.

In June we launched our Sustainability and Society strategy,
setting out new commitments to address societal and
economic inequality and to play our part in tackling the
climate crisis, including targeting net zero carbon emissions
by 2040. As a Board, we believe Sage can play a pivotal role
in supporting a new generation of diverse and sustainable
businesses, and we are committed to investing in education,
technology and the environment as we execute on

this strategy.

The Board maintained effective engagement with its key
stakeholders, despite working remotely for most of the year.
In September the Board met together, in person, for the first
time since February 2020. Several Board members had not
met each other in person since appointment, and it was an
energetic and inspiring meeting. | look forward to building

a strong cohesive dynamic over the coming months.

| have been particularly impressed by the way that Sage has
implemented the Board Associate innovation - currently
filled by Pamela Novoa Ralli, VP of Business Development
(Partners & Alliances), based in Atlanta. Pamela has brought
valuable insight and a colleague perspective to Boardroom
discussions, enabling the Board to hear more of colleagues’
views while generating a greater understanding of the role
of the Board among colleagues. Supporting her work is the
Associates’ Council, which was formed last year and
provides the Board with a wider range of colleague views
and sentiment.

Looking forward to FY22 and beyond

Building on our strategic investment across Sage Business
Cloud, and our focus on accelerating growth particularly in
cloud native solutions, the Group enters FY22 in a strong
position and with momentum.

The Group's new strategic framework promises customer
experiences created with human insight and ingenuity, and
recognises the increasing value to customers of the digital
network that Sage solutions enable; connecting companies
with their employees, suppliers, customers and regulatory
authorities. Under this new framework, Sage’s ambition

is to be the trusted network for SMBs, delivering value to
customers by building experiences that connect, remove
friction and fuel confidence. To realise this, our focus will be
on delivering against five strategic priorities. You can read
more about these new priorities on pages 16-17.

| look forward to the future with confidence, as Sage delivers
‘on its purpose of knocking down barriers to help everyone
thrive. | truly believe that through our focus on meeting our
customers’ needs and the commitment of our talented
colleagues, together with the financial strength of our
business, Sage is well placed to deliver high-quality,
sustainable growth to the benefit of shareholders and

all our stakeholders.

The Board's statement in respect of matters pertaining
to section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 is set out on

page 26.

Further insight into the activities of the Board for FY21can
be found on pages 96 to 101.

/2M

Andrew Duff
Chair

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc. 5

Market opportunity

Growing market opportunity
as businesses accelerate their

digital transformation

Total addressable market (TAM)

Sage’s TAM is forecast to reach $38bn in 2022 (5% growth
year-on-year) and exceed $40bn in 2023 (6% growth
year-on-year). Included within this TAM is Accounting and
Financials, HR and Payroll applications for businesses with
up to 2,000 employees. The TAM comprises over 67 million
small and medium businesses.

Growth in cloud share of TAM

Accelerating cloud growth

Digital transformation among Sage’s customers is
accelerating, partly driven by the global pandemic, as SMBs
globally prioritise flexibility, resilience and productivity. TAM
growth in 2022 and 2023 is comprised of 12% cloud growth
and a 1% decline in the on-premise market. Cloud adoption
rates globally are forecast to reach 55% in 2022 and 58% in
2023. The US is the most cloud-adoptive region and forecast
to reach 65% in 2023, with the UK! expected to be at 56%
and France at 41%.

Total
addressable
market (TAM)
set to be worth
>$40bn in 2023

==

2021: $18.8bn_|
2022: $20.9bn
2023: $23.5bn

Company estimate based
on external sources

6 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group ple.

[— 12% CAGR

Unique capabilities

to capture the market opportunity

Through its well-established and trusted
brand, Sage’s global scale combined with local
expertise provides a unique understanding of
the needs of SMBs.

We have a track record of taking our customers through
a changing business environment over many years and
we have that expertise all over the world.

Sage’s solutions enable businesses to be more productive
by automating processes and providing better business
insights, continuously enriched through innovation.

Our differentiator is our ability to deliver an experience to
our customers which is both digital and human and to do
it globally.

Our well-established partner network of accountants
and resellers, together with a growing ecosystem of ISVs,
enhances our capabilities and reach, enabling us to scale
and grow.

Our Competitive Advantages

We have unrivalled global reach and unique
local focus

The span of Sage’s customer base, from start-ups
to the mid-market, and its global presence in major
economies, provides unique insight into SMBs and
their changing needs

We have a world-class cloud product portfolio

Sage continually innovates and invests in technology
to provide market-leading solutions that connect Sage
Business Cloud customers into a single digital network

Sage's strong digital and direct sales presence is
further enhanced by a global network of partners
contributing significant indirect sales:

80,000 700

Accountants who advise Independent Software
and sell Sage solutions Vendors (ISVs) and app
developers who add

further functionality and
vertical customisation to
Sage solutions

1,400

Partner integrations
in our marketplace

40,000

Value Added Resellers
(VARs) who sell and
implement Sage solutions

Dozens

Of strategic alliances
including Microsoft,
PwC, Amazon

Weare atrusted partner

Sage has a strong reputation as a trusted advisor,
renowned for keeping customers safe and compliant,
which increases loyalty

We build enduring relationships

Sage prides itself on the strength of its customer
relationships and its ecosystem of reseller partners,
accountants and ISVs, all supported by a:dedicated
team of customer services colleagues

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group ple.

7

Our products

Creating products and services that
connect, remove friction and deliver insights

Our solutions, whether cloud native or cloud connected, enable businesses to be more productive,
resilient and flexible. We are continuously innovating to enrich these solutions, not just adding better
features but providing a rich digital environment, a network of applications and services that make it
easier for customers to connect, collaborate and do business.

Sage serves millions of small and mid-sized customers around the world

Mid-sized businesses

Mid-sized customers are often scaling and transforming,
with functions structured around specialist teams and

Small businesses

Small customers are typically owner-run businesses with
professionals or small teams responsible for finances and

human resources. They are looking to automate accounting
and compliance while managing costs and cash flow. Our
solutions are simply tailored to their specific needs, enabling
them to prioritise their time and stay on top of regulations.

departments. They are focused on growth and efficiency,
requiring insight and automation. Our solutions give finance
and HR professionals insights to help their organisations
analyse, strategise, and anticipate, by effectively integrating

processes and procedures.

Sage Business Cloud is a suite of unified solutions that add high value with common services, so customers can integrate
and migrate data across solutions. This is supported by a rich and robust marketplace of ISV apps and emerging tech across
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and automation.

—_——__—---erwmnnv eR eso0~®><~cOOnMS gm

Cloud connected
and hybrid solutions

Cloud native solutions

Mid-sized Sage X3 Sage Intacct
businesses
Sage 200cloud Sage People
Small Sage 50cloud Sage Accounting
businesses
Sage Payroll
Sage HR

Cloud connected and hybrid solutions combine
the power and productivity of the desktop with
the freedom and security of the cloud.

Cloud native solutions offer anytime, anywhere
availability, automatic updates and full access
to a wide ecosystem of partners and ISVs,
in a hosted environment.

8 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group ple.

Supporting customers

with award-winning solutions

Sage Intacct

Sage Intacct is a best-in-class provider of cloud
accounting software products and financial
management solutions that deliver deep accounting
capabilities across multiple industries, designed to

Sage Accounting

Sage Accounting is a unique and award-winning
proposition that ensures small businesses,
accountants and bookkeepers can remotely manage
their customer data, accounts and people all in one

accelerate customer success.

Industry analysts have named
Sage Intacct as a Visionary.

‘Sage Intacct provides finance
professionals with a powerful cloud
financial management platform,
offering deep multi-dimensional
accounting, automation for
efficient financial operations and
icated visibility for real-time
decision making.

Sage Intacct’s technology uses
open APIs, making it easy to
connect with third-party cloud
applications. In addition, Sage
Intact is a modular solution where
customers only pay for what they
need, giving them the flexibility to

Sage Payroll

Sage Payroll software helps
small businesses manage
their payroll with confidence.
Sage Business Cloud payroll
is an intuitive, cloud-based
payroll solution that helps
customers to run their payroll
reliably and flexibly, including
pensions filing and HMRC
submissions and compliance.

easily add more functionality as
they scale and grow.

Sage Intacct serves customers
in the medium segment, focusing
on services-centric industries

ae well as construction and real
estate and wholesale distrib
ensuring the product strateg
laser-focused on customer needs.
Sage Intact is available to
customers in the US, Canada,
Australia, UK and South Africa.

Sage People

Sage People empowers

leading multinational, mid-size
organisations to build great
employee experiences that truly
engage and inspire their people.
Acloud HR and People system
that allows businesses to
effectively respond to changing
priorities, Sage People uses
powerful automation,
comprehensive analytics, and
flexible workflows to ensure
global workforces can adapt and
thrive, whilst staying connected.

native cloud destination.

Sage Accounting is a cloud-based
solution designed for small
business owners and sole traders
operating in any industry - from
professional services to
construction to retail. It enables
customers to quickly and easily
create and track invoices, track
cash flow, accept payments, record
transactions, automate admin,
capture expenses, and much more.

Sage Accounting Start is ideal for
sole traders and micro-businesses.
‘Accounting Standard is designed
for small businesses, offering more
advanced features through the

by taking a photo of receipts,
invoices, and supplier statements.
Accounting Plus offers all the
Standard features plus support

for multiple currencies and
inventory management, targeting
professional users. Over time,

our objective is to launch Sage
Accounting into other geographies,
using the UK go-to-market as a
blueprint for success.

As part of our suite of solutions
catering to small businesses, Sage
Payroll and Sage HR (formerly
CakeHR) are both available as
add-ons and integrate seamlessly

integration of AutoEntry which with Sage Accounting.
enables data capture and upload

Sage X3 Sage 50cloud

X3 provides faster, more and Sage 200cloud
intuitive and tailored business Our Sage S0cloud and Sage

management solutions than
conventional ERP for product-
centric businesses looking to
thrive and stay competitive in the
face of growing complexity. X3
transforms how businesses
manage people, processes and
operations, allowing them to
embrace change at speed.

200cloud franchises provide
a range of cloud connected
accounting solutions for small
and medium businesses that
combine the freedom and
security of the cloud with the
power and productivity of the
desktop, enabling customers to
control their business and gain
complete visibility over their
finances and operations.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group plc. 9

Chief Executive's review

Sustainably growing
for our stakeholders

“We have consistently delivered
against our strategic priorities,
and growth is now accelerating.
Small and mid-sized businesses are
adopting digital solutions faster
than ever, and Sage is ideally
positioned to support them.”

Steve Hare
Chief Executive

Sage delivered a strong performance in FY21.
We achieved recurring revenue growth ahead

of our initial expectations and ended the year
with real momentum, supported by our strategic
investment in sales, marketing and innovation.
Our cloud native solutions have performed
particularly well, as more new customers choose
Sage to take care of their accounting, people
and payroll processes - removing friction and
delivering insights into their business
performance.

Ever since Sage was founded, we have been serving small
and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) with our software and
support, removing friction from their business processes,
and helping them thrive and grow. SMBs make up over 99%
of all businesses in most developed economies and have a
broad-reaching impact on the wellbeing, economic and
otherwise, of their owners, employees, customers and the
communities in which they operate.

10 Annual Report and Accounts 2021 | The Sage Group ple.

These organisations are the inspiration behind Sage's
purpose, and they have driven our strong performance in
FY21. SMBs have shown remarkable resilience, and | am
grateful to our colleagues and partners for everything they
have done to support our customers through this period.

Sage began FY21 amid the uncertainties of the Covid-19
pandemic, with a commitment to increase our strategic
investment in sales, marketing and innovation, accelerate
growth, and continue to embed Saa$ capabilities and
culture throughout the organisation. This approach built
on the strong foundations created through our consistent
focus on strategic execution, and led to a strong financial
performance for the year.

Financial performance

In FY21 the Group achieved organic recurring revenue
growth of 5% to £1,637m, and organic total revenue growth
of 3% to £1,778m. The increase in recurring revenue was
underpinned by a 19% rise in Sage Business Cloud revenue
to £997m, reflecting strength from new customer
acquisition together with continued progress in migrating
existing customers from desktop to cloud solutions.