BETA Close X The Sage Group plc has announced the redemption of its EUR500,000,000 3.820 per cent. Notes due 15 February 2028, with the redemption date set for 28 September 2026. The company will exercise its option to redeem all outstanding notes at the Make-whole Amount, plus accrued interest. Following this redemption, Sage will apply to cancel the listing of these notes on the official list of the Financial Conduct Authority and their admission to trading on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 11 September 2026 The Sage Group plc Notice of redemption and cancellation of listing THIS NOTICE RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018, AS AMENDED ( " EUWA " ) ( " UK MAR " ). 11 September 2026 NOTICE OF REDEMPTION AND CANCELLATION OF LISTING TO THE HOLDERS OF EUR500,000,000 3.820 per cent. Notes due 15 February 2028 ISIN: XS2587306403 ( the " Notes " ) issued by The Sage Group plc ( the " Issuer " ) and unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Sage Treasury Company Limited ( the " Guarantor " ) Reference is made to the terms and conditions of the Notes (the " Terms and Conditions of the Notes ") set out in the final terms dated 13 February 2023 (the " Final Terms ") and the trust deed dated 31 January 2023, as amended or supplemented from time to time, between the Issuer, the Guarantor and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited as the Trustee constituting the Notes. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Notice is hereby given by the Issuer to the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 ( Notices ) of the Notes, that pursuant to Condition 6.3 ( Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) ) and paragraph 18 ( Issuer Call ) of the Final Terms, on 28 September 2026 (the " Redemption Date "), the Issuer will exercise its option to redeem all of the outstanding Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount, being the Make-whole Amount (as described in Condition 6.3(b)), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Redemption Date. The Issuer has appointed a Determination Agent for the purposes of determining the Make-whole Amount in respect of the Notes. The Determination Agent will be expected to determine the Make-whole Amount on 23 September 2026 (the " Reference Date ") in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Upon such determination, the Issuer will publish a further notice specifying the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes on or about the Reference Date. Noteholders should look to the relevant clearing systems through which their Notes are held for repayment on the Redemption Date. The Issuer will apply to the Financial Conduct Authority (the " FCA ") for the cancellation of the listing of the Notes on the official list of the FCA and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the " London Stock Exchange ") for the cancellation of the admission to trading of the Notes on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange on or shortly after the Redemption Date. This announcement is released by the Issuer and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7(1) of UK MAR, encompassing information relating to the redemption described above. For the purposes of UK MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, this announcement is made by Vicki Bradin, General Counsel and Company Secretary of the Issuer on 11 September 2026. Enquiries Sage +44 (0) 7341 479956 Alexander Hall, Group Financial Controller James Thomas, Treasury James Sandford, Investor Relations Becky Potgieter, Corporate PR FGS Global +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 Conor McClafferty Sophia Johnston About Sage Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone can thrive, starting with the millions of small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) served by us, our partners and accountants. Customers trust our finance, HR and payroll software to make work and money flow. By digitalising business processes and relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, banks and governments, our AI-powered platform connects SMBs, removing friction and delivering insights. Knocking down barriers also means we use our time, technology and experience to tackle digital inequality, economic inequality and the climate crisis. Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Number: 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138 DISCLAIMER This publication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Issuer. The Notes and the guarantee in respect of the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act "), or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, US persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Tatton Asset Management 1 hour ago Renalytix (Reg S) 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Conygar Investment Company 15 hours ago Johnson Matthey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and