BETA Close X The Sage Group plc has announced the admission to trading of €500 million in 4.2805 per cent. Notes due 10 March 2032 on the London Stock Exchange's main market, guaranteed by Sage Treasury Company Limited. These notes were issued under the company's £3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. Full details regarding the offer are available in the base prospectus dated 5 February 2026, supplemented by a prospectus dated 28 August 2026, and the final terms published on 8 September 2026. Disclaimer* Sage Group PLC (The) 10 September 2026 10 September 2026 The Sage Group plc Admission to trading of €500 million bond The Sage Group plc (FTSE: SGE) (" Sage "), a leader in accounting, financial, HR and payroll technology for small and mid-sized businesses, announces that the following transferable securities have been admitted to trading on 10 September 2026 on the London Stock Exchange’s main market: Sage’s €500,000,000 4.2805 per cent. Notes due 10 March 2032 (ISIN: XS3491327378) guaranteed by Sage Treasury Company Limited (the " Guarantor ") issued under the £3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the " Notes "). Full information on Sage, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the base prospectus dated 5 February 2026 (the " Base Prospectus ") as supplemented by the supplemental prospectus dated 28 August 2026 (the " Supplement "), read together with the final terms published by the Issuer on 8 September 2026 (the " Final Terms "). The Base Prospectus, the Supplement and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a regulatory information service ( www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html ). The Base Prospectus and the Supplement are available, and the Final Terms will be available, on the website of the Issuer at: https://www.sage.com/investors/investor-centre/debt-investors/ . A copy of each of the Base Prospectus, the Supplement and the Final Terms have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Enquiries Sage +44 (0) 7341 479956 Alexander Hall, Group Financial Controller James Thomas, Treasury James Sandford, Investor Relations Becky Potgieter, Corporate PR FGS Global +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 Conor McClafferty Sophia Johnston About Sage Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone can thrive, starting with the millions of small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) served by us, our partners and accountants. Customers trust our finance, HR and payroll software to make work and money flow. By digitalising business processes and relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, banks and governments, our AI-powered platform connects SMBs, removing friction and delivering insights. Knocking down barriers also means we use our time, technology and experience to tackle digital inequality, economic inequality and the climate crisis. The Sage Group plc's LEI is 2138005RN5XYLTF8G138. DISCLAIMER – INTENDED ADDRESSEES Please note that the information contained in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the Supplement, may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents of particular countries (specified in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented) only and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside these countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, is not addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, whether or not you are part of the intended addressees of the information contained therein. This publication does not constitute an offering of the Notes described in the Final Terms for sale in the United States. This is not for distribution in the United States. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act ") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of the Notes in the United States. Your right to access this service is conditional upon complying with the above requirement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sage Group (SGE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Marshalls 46 minutes ago Marshalls 1 hour ago OSB Group 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago Dunelm Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and