Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. The information required by this item is included in Item 2.03 below and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. On May 20, 2025, Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. (“ Host L.P. ”), for whom Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. acts as sole general partner, completed its underwritten public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.700% Series M senior notes due 2032 (the “ Series M senior notes ”). The offering of the Series M senior notes was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2024, as amended (Registration No. 333-278572) (the “ Registration Statement ”), a base prospectus, dated April 17, 2024, included as part of the Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement, dated May 6, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In connection with the filing of the prospectus supplement, we are filing as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K an opinion of our counsel, Latham & Watkins LLP, regarding the validity of the securities being registered. The Series M senior notes were issued pursuant to the tenth supplemental indenture, dated May 20, 2025 (the “ Supplemental Indenture ”), between Host L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), which supplements the indenture, dated May 15, 2015 (as supplemented to date, the “ Indenture ”), between Host L.P. and the Trustee. The Series M senior notes pay interest in arrears. Optional Redemption Provisions Prior to April 16, 2032 (the “ Par Call Date ”), Host L.P. may redeem the Series M senior notes at its option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: • 100% of the principal amount of the Series M senior notes to be redeemed; and • (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Series M senior notes to be redeemed, in each case discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Series M senior notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Supplemental Indenture) plus 30 basis points, less (b) interest accrued thereon to the date of redemption, plus , in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. At any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Series M senior notes will be redeemable as a whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at Host L.P.’s option, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Series M senior notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Series M senior notes to be redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption. Restrictive Covenants Under the terms of the Indenture, Host L.P.’s ability to incur indebtedness is subject to restrictions and the satisfaction of various conditions, including the achievement of an coverage ratio of at least 1.5x by Host L.P. This ratio is calculated in accordance with the Indenture and excludes from interest expense items such as call premiums and deferred financing charges that are included in interest expense on Host L.P.’s consolidated statements of operations. In addition, the calculation is based on Host L.P.’s pro forma results for the four prior fiscal quarters giving effect to certain transactions, such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings, as if they occurred at the beginning of the period. Other covenants limiting Host L.P.’s ability to incur indebtedness include maintaining total indebtedness of less than 65% of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values) and maintaining secured indebtedness of less than 40% of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values); provided that Host L.P. will not be required to satisfy such indebtedness tests in the event that the indebtedness incurred qualifies as Refinancing Indebtedness (as defined in the Supplemental Indenture). So long as Host L.P. maintains the required level of interest coverage and satisfies these and other conditions in the Indenture, it may incur additional debt. In addition, Host L.P. must at all times maintain total unencumbered assets of at least 150% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding unsecured indebtedness of Host L.P. and its subsidiaries. The foregoing description of the Supplemental Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Use of Proceeds Host L.P. intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Series M senior notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the outstanding $500 million aggregate principal amount of Host L.P.’s 4.000% Series E senior notes due 2025. Statements In this Current Report on Form 8-K, we make statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “may,” “intend,” “predict,” “project,” “plan,” “will,” “estimate” and other similar terms and phrases. statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance. statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated at the time the statements are made. These risks and uncertainties include our ability to apply the proceeds of the Series M senior notes as currently intended and other risks and uncertainties associated with our business described in our Annual Report on Form 10–K for the year ended December 31, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that we will attain these expectations or that any deviations will not be material. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release updates to any statement contained in this report to conform the statement to actual results or changes in our expectations. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 20, 2025, between Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Indenture dated May 15, 2015. 4.2 Form of Series M senior notes (included in Exhibit 4.1). 5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP regarding the validity of the Series M senior notes. 23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. Date: May 20, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph C. Ottinger Joseph C. Ottinger Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, L.P. By: HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. its General Partner Date: May 20, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph C. Ottinger Joseph C. Ottinger Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller