Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On November 12, 2025, Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. (“ Host L.P. ”), for whom Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. acts as sole general partner, entered into an underwriting agreement (the “ Underwriting Agreement ”) with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC agreed to serve as representatives of the several underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement in connection with the public offering by Host L.P. of $400 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.250% Series N senior notes due 2028 (the “ Series N senior notes ”). The net proceeds to Host L.P. from the sale of the Series N senior notes, after deducting the underwriting discount, de minimis original issue discount and estimated transaction expenses, are estimated to be approximately $395 million. Host L.P. intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Series N senior notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the outstanding $400 million aggregate principal amount of Host L.P.’s Series F senior notes due 2026 (the “ Series F senior notes ”). The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, which is being filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01. Other Events. On November 13, 2025, Host L.P. gave notice that it intends to redeem all of the outstanding Series F senior notes. The redemption date for the Series F senior notes is November 28, 2025 (the “ Redemption Date ”), pursuant to an irrevocable notice delivered by The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, on Host L.P.’s behalf on November 13, 2025. The Series F senior notes were issued pursuant to the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 14, 2015 (the “ Second Supplemental Indenture ”), to Host L.P.’s Indenture, dated as of May 15, 2015, among Host L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. Under the terms of the Series F senior notes, the redemption price will be (a) 100.000% of the principal amount thereof plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date. The Series F senior notes are being redeemed with the net proceeds from Host L.P.’s issuance of its Series N senior notes, together with cash on hand. Statements In this Current Report on Form 8-K, we make statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “may,” “intend,” “predict,” “project,” “plan,” “will,” “estimate” and other similar terms and phrases. statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance. statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated at the time the statements are made. These risks and uncertainties include our ability to apply the proceeds of the Series N senior notes as currently intended and other risks and uncertainties associated with our business described in our Annual Report on Form 10–K for the year ended December 31, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that we will attain these expectations or that any deviations will not be material. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release updates to any statement contained in this report to conform the statement to actual results or changes in our expectations. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 12 , 2025, among Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC , Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. Date: November 13, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph C. Ottinger Joseph C. Ottinger Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, L.P. By: HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. its General Partner Date: November 13, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph C. Ottinger Joseph C. Ottinger Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller