8:00 36Kr Daily Brief: Li Shufu Resigns as Geely Automobile Chairman | Major Management Adjustment, iPhone 17 Global Price Hike Up to 1000 Yuan, Unitree Robotics Launches "Superman" Product English 中文 Deutsch Home Article 8:00 36Kr Daily Brief | Li Shufu resigns as Chairman of the Board, Geely Automobile undergoes major management adjustment; iPhone 17 may see a global price hike, with the maximum price increase close to 1000 yuan; Unitree Robotics releases its "Superman" product. 8点1氪 2026-08-18 08:05 Li Shufu has resigned from the positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Director of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited. Today's Hotspot Guide DeepSeek API officially adjusted prices on August 17, with the maximum increase reaching 1100% Rising by 12%, the market value of Changxin is about 2.5 times that of Moutai Doubao supports remote control of computers through mobile phones A number of companies under Want Want Foods have been deregistered The RMB/USD exchange rate has risen above 6.74, hitting a new high in three and a half years TOP3 Major News Geely Automobile Announces Management Adjustment: Li Shufu Resigns as Chairman of the Board, An Conghui Takes Over 36Kr has learned that Geely Automobile Holdings Limited has announced a management adjustment. Effective August 18, 2026, Li Shufu has resigned from his positions as Chairman of the Board and Executive Director of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited. In recognition of his outstanding contributions to the company's development over the years, Li Shufu has been appointed the Lifetime Honorary Chairman of the company. Li Shufu will continue to serve as Chairman of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group. An Conghui has been appointed Chairman of the Board of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited. In addition, Li Donghui has resigned as Vice Chairman of the Board of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, and will continue to serve as the company's Executive Director. Gui Shengyue has resigned as Chief Executive Officer of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, been appointed Vice Chairman of the company's Board of Directors, and will continue to serve as the company's Executive Director. Gan Jiayue has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited. In response to Li Shufu stepping down as Chairman of the Board of Geely Automobile, Gui Shengyue, Vice Chairman of the Board of Geely Automobile, responded at the 2026 interim results press conference that this is a declaration of Geely Automobile's de-familialization, marking that the company will no longer rely on personal charisma and authority. Its future governance will be more transparent, and decision-making will be more professional and scientific. (36Kr, Yicai) iPhone 17 Series May Face Global Price Hikes Before the End of the Month, With the Maximum Increase Reaching Nearly 1,000 Yuan Per Unit The iPhone 17 series is about to usher in a round of global price adjustments. On August 17, internal supply chain sources stated that Apple plans to complete the price adjustment of the iPhone 17 series in all regions across the world before the end of August 2026. The maximum price increase for all models will not exceed 1,000 RMB, and the adjustment criteria can refer to the price hike scheme previously implemented in Japan. On July 18, the Japanese market raised the selling prices of iPhone, Apple Watch and AirPods series products, which was Apple's first large-scale price adjustment in this region in recent years. Specifically, the price of the highest storage version of iPhone 17 Pro Max rose from 329,800 yen to 354,800 yen, an increase of 25,000 yen (about 1,060 RMB); the starting price of iPhone 17 increased from 129,800 yen to 142,800 yen, up 13,000 yen (about 551 RMB). Products including Apple Watch Series 11, Ultra 3 and AirPods series also saw synchronous price increases. The market believes that rising costs, exchange rate changes and supply chain factors have pushed forward the price adjustment. In the Chinese market, Apple has not announced the price adjustment for the iPhone 17 series yet, but it raised the pricing of all Mac and iPad hardware products in June, covering the full MacBook lineup, full iPad lineup, Mac desktop devices, Vision Pro and HomePod. (Jiemian News) Unitree Robotics Unveils "Superman" 36Kr learned that Unitree Robotics has released its new robot "Superman". According to Unitree Robotics, this humanoid robot breaks the limits of all human beings. With a leg length of 0.85 meters, it can jump 2 meters high from a standing position and reach an extreme speed of 12.66m/s, surpassing the world records of standing high jump and running speed of all human beings around the world. The brand-new complete robot was developed in just more than 3 months, and there is huge room for improvement in the coming months. Cutting Edge of AI DeepSeek API officially adjusted its prices on August 17, with the maximum increase reaching 1100% On August 17, DeepSeek API officially raised its prices. DeepSeek's official WeChat public account released a notice on August 13 that it would update and adjust the pricing of DeepSeek API by adopting peak-valley pricing, where the price in off-peak hours is half of that in peak hours. The peak hours are 9:00-12:00 and 14:00-18:00 Beijing time, and the rest are off-peak hours. The new pricing took effect at 00:00 Beijing time on August 17. Take the flagship model DeepSeek-v4-pro as an example. During peak hours, the input price (cache miss) of V4 Pro is 9 yuan per million tokens, representing a 200% increase; the output price is 27 yuan, representing a 350% increase; the input price for cache hits is 0.3 yuan, representing a 1100% increase. During off-peak hours, the input price (cache miss) of V4 Pro is 4.5 yuan per million tokens, the output price is 13.5 yuan, and the input price for cache hits is as low as 0.15 yuan. The official version of DeepSeek-V4-Pro was released on August 13, with enhanced Agent capabilities. At that time, the price of DeepSeek-V4-Pro was about three times that of the lightweight model V4 Flash. Calculated per million tokens, the input price of V4 Pro was 0.025 yuan (cache hit) and 3 yuan (cache miss), and the output price was 6 yuan. In comparison, the corresponding prices of V4 Flash were 0.02 yuan, 1 yuan and 2 yuan respectively. It is understood that the core original intention of DeepSeek's introduction of peak-valley pricing this time is to balance the daytime computing power congestion problem. By leveraging the market-oriented price leverage, the platform guides enterprise developers to schedule large model tasks at staggered hours to divert the peak computing power pressure, so as to improve the overall operation stability of the platform. (Jiemian News) New Pricing of DeepSeek API Qianwen Office open-sources MyContext, building a brand-new context infrastructure for Agents 36Kr learned that Qianwen Office recently open-sourced the brand-new context infrastructure "MyContext". It can process massive heterogeneous personal work data into exclusive work profiles that are easily understood by Agents, enable Agents to comprehend users and real business workflows, and finally realize human-machine collaboration in links such as decision-making and execution, so as to improve the performance of Agents in work scenarios. Nvidia Provides Up to $105 Billion in Guarantee for OpenAI's Ohio AI Data Center On August 17, NVIDIA announced a multi-year partnership with SB Energy to push forward the construction of the large AI data center at the PORTS Technology Campus in Ohio, the United States. OpenAI will act as the tenant of this project, deploying NVIDIA's full-stack DSX AI Factory platform with an IT load capacity of about 4.25 gigawatts. NVIDIA has provided a residual value guarantee of up to $105 billion for the relevant lease arrangements, and may, at its sole discretion, provide credit support for an additional capacity of around 3.8 gigawatts. (Jiemian News) OpenAI and NVIDIA Expand Computing Collaboration, Computing Scale May Reach $600 Billion by 2030 According to the press release issued by NVIDIA, OpenAI will build and operate a world-class artificial intelligence factory at PORTS-Pike. The AI factory will adopt NVIDIA's full-stack DSX AI Factory platform, including GPU, CPU, network and infrastructure software. The initial deployment is expected to deliver 4.25 gigawatts of AI factory capacity. Each generation of NVIDIA AI factory systems deployed at PORTS-Pike will represent approximately 1.5 million NVIDIA GPUs, accounting for roughly $150 billion to $200 billion of NVIDIA's revenue. After 20 years of development, the site supports multiple upgrade cycles. NVIDIA may also choose to extend the PORTS-Pike arrangement beyond the initial 4.25 gigawatts to secure the remaining 3.75 gigawatts of capacity. OpenAI is committed to large-scale deployment of NVIDIA AI infrastructure by 2030. OpenAI's existing and planned commitments account for approximately 12 gigawatts of NVIDIA computing, and there will be an opportunity to expand to around 16 gigawatts if NVIDIA extends the PORTS-Pike agreement to about 16 gigawatts. NVIDIA stated that at these levels, this opportunity represents approximately $600 billion in NVIDIA computing volume by 2030. (CLS) Big Companies / Major Events Unitree Robotics: Shares to be Listed on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on August 19 36Kr learned from the announcement of Unitree Robotics that the company's shares will be listed on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on August 19. The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower across the board, with popular Chinese concept stocks posting mixed ups and downs According to 36Kr's reports, the three major U.S. stock indexes collectively dropped at the close on August 17. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 0.51%, the Nasdaq by 0.32%, and the S&P 500 Index by 0.52%. Most large tech stocks trended downward: Meta and Microsoft fell by more than 3%, Netflix dropped by over 2%, while Tesla, Google, Amazon, Apple and Nvidia saw slight declines. Western Digital rose by more than 8%, and SpaceX increased by over 4%. Popular Chinese concept stocks presented mixed performances: Tiger Brokers surged by more than 5%, XPeng Group and Futu Holdings rose by over 4%, Pinduoduo gained by more than 2%, NIO and Li Auto climbed by over 1%; MINISO fell by more than 8%, and JD.com, iQiyi, Weibo and Bilibili dropped by over 1%. Trump: The United States does not seek to extend the Memorandum of Understanding with Iran August 18 Report, U.S. President Donald Trump stated that the United States is not currently seeking to extend the Memorandum of Understanding with Iran. Trump noted that Iran wants to reach an agreement, but will not accept the agreement terms he considers "necessary". Trump once again put forward the idea of declaring the Strait of Hormuz as U.S. territory, and reaffirmed that the United States controls the strait. He also claimed that the Strait of Hormuz remains open at present and oil prices are trending downward. (Jin 10 Data APP) Surge by 12%, the market value of Changxin is about 2.5 times that of Moutai On August 17, the share price of Changxin Technology (688825.SH) rose sharply and hit a new high since its listing. By the close of the day, it was quoted at 61.8 yuan per share, up 12%, with the latest total market capitalization of 4.13 trillion yuan, making it the individual stock with the highest market value on the A-share market at present. Its market value is about 2.5 times that of Kweichow Moutai (the latest total market capitalization is 1.62 trillion yuan). (Jiemian News) Alipay releases China's first Agent commercial infrastructure 36Kr learned that Alipay released the first full-stack Agent commercial infrastructure and the AHA protocol system for multi-agent cross-terminal interconnection today, and cooperated with more than 20 enterprises including Tongyi, Huawei, OPPO, BYD, Geely to jointly build an agent interconnection ecosystem. It is reported that the super service agent "Abao" under Alipay has completed AI-enabled access to more than 10,000 services, and its cross-terminal service supports 5 major mobile phone brands and 16 mainstream automobile manufacturers. China has made important progress in the key technical field of rare earth detection It was learned on August 17 that China has recently made important progress in the key technical field of rare earth detection. For a long time, the accurate determination of rare earth impurity content in high-purity rare earths has been confronted with the problem of matrix interference, which seriously restricts the precise control of rare earth product quality. To break through this technical bottleneck, the Key Laboratory of the State Administration for Market Regulation (Rare Earth Product Testing and Traceability) established relying on Jiangxi University of Science and Technology has carried out special technical research. With the unremitting efforts of the research team, breakthroughs have been achieved in detection technology, and the overall technical capability has ascended to a new level. The research team has successfully developed a number of key rare earth detection technologies, among which the technology for direct determination of rare earth impurity content in high-purity rare earths by inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry is particularly prominent. This technology has successfully broken through the bottlenecks of traditional detection methods that require pre-separation of the matrix and have high detection limits. It boasts remarkable advantages such as high sensitivity, high accuracy and rapid detection, and can directly and accurately determine trace rare earth impurities in high-purity rare earths, providing solid and strong technical support for the quality control of rare earth products. (CCTV News) Two departments: Study and improve the refined oil consumption tax system, and optimize the refined oil pricing mechanism 36Kr has learned that the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration have officially released the "15th Five-Year Plan for Oil and Natural Gas Development". The document points out that it is necessary to promote the diversification of upstream gas supply entities, push forward the integration, restructuring and standardized operation of urban gas enterprises, and fully implement the upstream-downstream natural gas price linkage mechanism. The operation behaviors of gas supply enterprises will be regulated to give better play to the fundamental role of natural gas contracts, and improve the market mechanism for gas storage and peak regulation. The security of natural gas supply for people's livelihood will be enhanced. The refined oil consumption tax system will be studied and improved, the refined oil pricing mechanism will be optimized, and the transportation prices of cross-provincial natural gas pipelines will be verified on a regular basis. Doubao Supports Remotely Controlling Computers via Mobile Phones On August 17, Doubao released a product update, adding the function of remotely controlling computers with mobile phones in the "Work Task" mode. After authorization with the same account, when users issue task instructions on the mobile end, the connected PC end can read local files and operate software to complete the execution, with progress and results transmitted back to the mobile phone in real time. It helps users automatically execute tasks in various scenarios such as commuting and leaving their workstations, so as to improve work efficiency. (Yicai) Kweichow Moutai opened 3.5% lower, falling below the 1300 yuan mark On August 17, major A-share indices collectively opened higher. The Shanghai Composite Index opened 0.07% higher, the Shenzhen Component Index opened 0.31% higher, the ChiNext Index opened 0.18% higher, and the Sci-Tech Innovation Board Composite Index opened 0.27% higher. Sectors including non-ferrous metals, agriculture, and computing power hardware led the gains, while the large consumption sector remained sluggish, liquor stocks led the decline, Kweichow Moutai opened lower, and the CRO concept saw a correction. Kweichow Moutai opened 3.5% lower, falling below the 1300 yuan mark. In terms of news, Kweichow Moutai released its 2026 semi-annual report, showing that the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company in the first half of the year was 44.517 billion yuan, a year-on-year decrease of 1.95%. The company recorded a net profit of 17.274 billion yuan in Q2 and 27.243 billion yuan in Q1. Calculated on this basis, the net profit in Q2 decreased by 36% month-on-month. (National Business Daily) Pang Donglai has established 2 new companies this year 36Kr has learned that according to media reports, Yu Donglai announced during a recent live stream that the Xuchang Pang Donglai Life Plaza store will be closed in December 2026. Representatives of merchants in the plaza stated that their partner is Pang Donglai, which has never raised their rent. According to Tianyancha App, Xuchang Pang Donglai Trading Group Co., Ltd. was founded in September 1997, with Yu Donglai as its legal representative and a registered capital of 56.6 million RMB. The enterprise control information shows that since the beginning of this year, the company has established Pang Donglai Catering (Zhengzhou) Co., Ltd. and Xuchang Pang Donglai Leyu Cultural Entertainment Co., Ltd. Multiple companies under Want Want Food have been deregistered 36Kr has learned that an internal open letter from Want Want Group has recently circulated on the Internet, in which Chairman Tsai Eng-ming directly defined the performance stall of the Group in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 as a "major operational crisis". According to Tianyancha App, Want Want (China) Investment Co., Ltd., an affiliated company of Want Want Group, was established in September 2004, with Li Yusheng as its legal representative and a registered capital of 50 million US dollars. Its business scope includes making investments in fields permitted for foreign investors in China in accordance with the law, covering food, beverages and related products, real estate, medical institutions and other sectors. The foreign investment information shows that a number of enterprises under this company have been deregistered. In addition, the company has historical records of being an enforcement debtor. The exchange rate of RMB against the US dollar breaks through 6.74, hitting a new high in three and a half years 36Kr learned that the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar broke through the 6.74 mark in both the onshore and offshore markets. On August 17, the RMB/USD spot exchange rate broke through the 6.74 mark during intraday trading, hitting a new high since early February 2023. In the offshore market, the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar also broke through the 6.74 mark, reaching 6.7388, which also refreshed the new high in three and a half years. DingTalk Global Business President Yang Meng is set to step down, and his next stop will be Ant Group Less than two months after the new management of DingTalk completed the organizational adjustment, Yang Meng, a core executive who has been in charge of commercialization for many years, is about to leave his post. Reporters learned from insiders close to DingTalk that Yang Meng, President of Global Business and Head of Customer Development Department of DingTalk, has completed all internal resignation procedures and plans to join Ant Group. Ren Qing (with the alias "Yitong"), Vice President of Wukong Business Unit of Alibaba DingTalk, will take over all the commercialization work previously in charge of Yang Meng. (21st Century Business Herald) DJI Wins Key Procedural Victory in Lawsuit Against U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Market Still Heavily Relies on DJI Drones According to DJI Innovations, on local time August 14 in the United States, the case filed by DJI Innovations against the U.S. Department of Defense has achieved major substantive progress. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that the lower court shall rehear the case in which DJI was added to the Pentagon's "Chinese Military Companies" (CMC) blacklist. This ruling marks an important procedural victory for DJI's years-long legal rights defense in the United States. In response to the latest ruling from the Court of Appeals, DJI stated in a statement provided to reporters: "We welcome this positive ruling made by the U.S. Court of Appeals, which is an important step toward finally correcting the improper listing. This ruling also further confirms DJI's consistent stance of firmly opposing the use of its products and technologies for any military or war purposes. Going forward, we will continue to firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the company and users across the world through legal means." (Global Times) CITIC Capital's acquisition of Lingxi Games under Alibaba has officially taken effect It was learned from sources close to the transaction that Zhou Bingshu, CEO of Lingxi Games, issued an internal letter on August 17, confirming that Alibaba Group and Trustar Capital, a subsidiary of CITIC Capital, have officially reached a formal transaction agreement. According to the terms of the agreement, Alibaba will transfer all its held shares in Lingxi Games, and Trustar Capital will become the new shareholder of Lingxi Games. Earlier, media reports stated that Trustar Capital under CITIC Capital acquired Alibaba's Lingxi Games for more than 1.5 billion US dollars (equivalent to over 10.1 billion yuan). (Shanghai Securities News) NVIDIA executive, daughter of Jensen Huang to visit LG Electronics' robot center on August 18 Industry insiders revealed on August 17 that Madison Huang, Senior Director of NVIDIA and daughter of Jensen Huang, the company's Chief Executive Officer, is scheduled to visit the robot center of LG Electronics in South Korea later this week. The visit is set for August 18, during which she will hold closed-door talks with senior officials of LG Electronics on deepening bilateral cooperation in the fields of artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure and robotics. The talks are expected to focus mainly on the robotics business, and will be hosted at the data factory under construction in the southern part of Seoul, South Korea, which belongs to LG Electronics. (Sina Finance) Amazon Revises Terms of Service, Once Again Bans Users From Filing Class-Action Lawsuits According to the terms of service updated by Amazon on the 14th of this month local time, this global e-commerce and technology giant has reinstated a series of dispute resolution clauses that were removed in 2021, once again prohibiting users from initiating class-action lawsuits. The newly updated dispute clauses also state that any disputes or claims between users and Amazon shall be settled through binding arbitration rather than legal proceedings, and the exceptions include cases that fall under the jurisdiction of small claims courts, cases involving intellectual property rights, and cases related to the interests of the general public. Both parties waive the right to file a lawsuit in court and be tried by a judge or jury. (Sina Finance) Goldman Sachs Assists NVIDIA: $5 Trillion Plan to Crack the Largest Capital Bottleneck of AI Infrastructure NVIDIA is working to address the increasingly prominent core constraint amid the AI boom — the financing challenge. Goldman Sachs has started to engage with insurance companies, banks and asset management firms to promote NVIDIA's mobilization of more than 5 trillion US dollars in funds for AI infrastructure construction. This move is expected to allow clients to continuously purchase increasingly expensive NVIDIA systems without having to put all costs on their own balance sheets. The plan announced on August 10 unites NVIDIA with Goldman Sachs, Apollo, BlackRock, Blackstone, Brookfield, KKR and other institutions to build an independent financing platform dedicated to NVIDIA-powered AI infrastructure. NVIDIA may provide support of up to 1.25 trillion US dollars (accounting for about 25% of the total scale) for relevant transactions. (Sina Finance) South Korean retail investors pile into single-stock leveraged ETFs, with brokerages and exchanges raking in over 100 billion won in handling fees in two months Since the listing of single-stock leveraged and inverse ETFs tracking Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix, the Korea Exchange and various brokerages have accumulated handling fee income of over 117 billion won in more than two months. Some views point out that as individual investors flock to such high-risk products, the exchanges responsible for market operation and the brokerages providing trading intermediary services have earned huge handling fees. Data obtained and submitted by the Financial Supervisory Service and the Korea Exchange on the 17th shows that from the listing of single-stock leveraged and inverse ETFs related to Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix on May 27 to the end of last month, the total relevant handling fees collected by exchanges and brokerages reached 117.26 billion won, with a total of 16 related products. On trading days with active transactions, the exchange's single-day handling fee income can exceed 1 billion won. The handling fee income hit 1.051 billion won on June 24, and reached 1.011 billion won on the 14th of last month. (CLS) The US Requests South Korea to Prioritize Memory Chips as Its First Key US-bound Investment Project The first US-bound investment project that the South Korean government originally planned to announce later this month is facing uncertainty as the US suddenly demanded that South Korea invest in memory chip production facilities. Multiple unnamed ruling party sources stated that the US's request for South Korea to invest in memory chip projects was the core topic discussed at the closed-door trade meeting held by South Korea's presidential office on August 13. The South Korean government initially took the energy sector as the priority direction for its first major US-bound investment project. An unnamed official said that the US is adjusting its priorities and putting forward additional requirements. Participants at the meeting generally agreed that given Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix have already committed to large-scale investments in the Honam region of South Korea, it will practically be very difficult to carry out memory chip investment projects in the United States. (Sina Finance) OpenAI President Responds to Executive Exodus: It Is Not Particularly Unusual OpenAI President Greg Brockman responded on Monday, downplaying market concerns over the executive exodus at this artificial intelligence company, noting that this round of departure wave is "actually not very abnormal". Brockman said: "I actually think the difference between OpenAI and other institutions is that we are under extremely high spotlight, every personnel departure will be subject to extra scrutiny, while personnel changes in ordinary enterprises will not get such treatment." "The company has gone through different stages of development, and there are different management teams in all periods." Brockman said on Monday, "Sam Altman and I have always stayed in the company, and I believe that it is precisely this kind of resilience and team diversity that make us stronger." (Sina Finance) Institutions Warn That Global Food Price Inflation May Usher in a New Round of Crisis US financial institution JPMorgan Chase recently released its latest report, predicting that the global food price inflation rate will rise from 2.8% in the first half of this year to 5% in the first half of next year. The institution noted that the next global inflation shock may not emerge at gas stations, but on the food shelves in supermarkets. JPMorgan Chase warned in the report that the blocked passage in the Strait of Hormuz caused by the Middle East conflict, together with possible crop yield reductions triggered by a strong El Niño event, will combine to hit agricultural production and keep food prices at a high level in the first half of 2027. (Xinhua News Agency) Ongoing Listing Process Hunan Yuneng New Energy Battery Materials Co., Ltd. Submits Listing Application to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange 36 Kr learned from the documents of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that on August 17, Hunan Yuneng New Energy Battery Materials Co., Ltd. submitted a listing application to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with CSC Financial International and HSBC acting as joint sponsors. SoftBank Invests $200 Million in Construction Robotics Firm Gravis Robotics On August 17, Gravis Robotics announced the completion of a $200 million Series A financing round with investment from SoftBank. The company stated that this is the largest Series A financing in the construction robotics sector, which will be used to advance the automation of heavy construction machinery and expand deployment at construction sites across the globe. Founded in 2022 and incubated by ETH Zurich, Gravis Robotics mainly develops artificial intelligence systems for heavy construction machinery such as excavators. (Jiemian News) Large Corporate Earnings Reports Transsion Holdings: Net profit increased by 46.22% year on year in the first half of the year, plans to distribute RMB 8 per 10 shares 36Kr learned that Transsion Holdings disclosed its semi-annual report, achieving an operating revenue of RMB 35.431 billion in the first half of 2026, a year-on-year increase of 21.85%; the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company was RMB 1.773 billion, up 46.22% year on year; the basic earnings per share was RMB 1.54. The company plans to distribute a cash dividend of RMB 8 (tax included) for every 10 shares. Geely Automobile: Revenue Exceeds 170 Billion Yuan in H1 2026, Core Net Profit Attributable to Parent Company Owners Rises 46% Year-on-Year 36Kr learned that Geely Automobile Holdings Limited released its 2026 interim performance report. In the first half of the year, the company's total operating revenue reached 173.6 billion yuan, up 15% year-on-year and hitting a record high. The core net profit attributable to shareholders reached 9.68 billion yuan, up 46% year-on-year; the core net profit margin attributable to shareholders was 5.6%, up 27% year-on-year. The gross profit margin increased to 17.9%, and the revenue per vehicle rose 16% year-on-year to 112,000 yuan. Xinlian Electronics: Net profit in the first half of the year is 453 million yuan, up 140.95% year-on-year 36Kr learned that Xinlian Electronics disclosed its semi-annual report. In the first half of 2026, the company achieved an operating revenue of 408 million yuan, with a year-on-year increase of 8.25%; the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company was 453 million yuan, up 140.95% year-on-year; the basic earnings per share was 0.54 yuan. Sinoma Science & Technology: Net profit in the first half of the year reaches 12.08 billion yuan, up 20.93% year on year 36Kr learned that Sinoma Science & Technology disclosed its semi-annual report. In the first half of 2026, the company realized operating revenue of 162.57 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 21.95%; the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company was 12.08 billion yuan, up 20.93% year on year; the basic earnings per share was 0.7197 yuan. Do-Fluoride: Net profit in the first half of the year reaches 512 million RMB, up 897.19% year-on-year 36Kr has learned that Do-Fluoride has released its semi-annual report. The company recorded an operating revenue of 7.036 billion RMB in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 62.55%; the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company stood at 512 million RMB, rising 897.19% year-on-year; the basic earnings per share was 0.43 RMB per share. Ningbo Yunsheng: Net profit of 274 million yuan in the first half of the year, up 154.18% year on year 36Kr learned that Ningbo Yunsheng disclosed its semi-annual report. In the first half of 2026, the company realized operating revenue of 3.337 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 42.02%; the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company was 274 million yuan, up 154.18% year on year; the basic earnings per share was 0.2547 yuan. Investment and Financing AI video generation platform Higgsfield completes a new $400 million financing round According to reports, AI video generation platform Higgsfield has successfully completed a new $400 million financing, with investors including DST Global, Goldman Sachs, Liberty Global, and the investment arm under Intel, among others. This financing round has pushed Higgsfield's valuation to $5.4 billion. Data shows that the company's annualized revenue in August this year has reached as high as $700 million, which is 34 times higher than the scale of only about $20 million a year ago. (Jiemian News) "ApeSound Technology" has completed three consecutive rounds of financing, with the total financing amount exceeding 100 million yuan 36Kr learns that ApeSound Technology, an enterprise focused on embodied tactile technology, has announced that it has closed three consecutive rounds of financing, which are respectively led by Hengxin Huaye, Shangfu Electric Technology and Tuopu Group, with financial institutions including Xichen Capital participating in the follow-up investment. The total financing amount exceeds 100 million RMB. According to the company's disclosure, after the launch of ApeSound Technology's first standard multi-dimensional tactile product, the product has been included in the mass production projects of many leading domestic and overseas customers in the fields of dexterous hands, robots and data collection, and the total volume of sensor orders within the year has reached hundreds of thousands of units. Edited | Grape This article is originally produced by 「 8点1氪 」 ， For reprint or content cooperation, please click Reprint Instructions ； Unauthorized reprint will be held accountable. The pictures in this article are from ： 采访供图 For media inquiries, interview requests, business collaboration and Recruit global ecological partners, please contact business@36kr.com. Partner：startuprad.io Friendly Links: ai.36kr.com 36kr Europe (eu.36kr.com) delivers global business and markets news, data, analysis, and video to the world, dedicated to building value and providing business service for companies’ global expansion. © 2024 36kr.com. All rights reserved.