Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or
in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.
GEELY AUTO
MOBILE HOL
DINGS LIMI
TED
(Incorpor
ated in the
Cayman Isl
ands with l
imited lia
bility)
 Stock cod es: 175 ( HKD count er) and 8 0175 (RMB  counter)
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2025
This announcement is made by the Company in accordance with Part XIVA of the SFO
concerning disclosure of inside information and Rule 13.09 of the Listing Rules.
As disclosed in the concurrent announcement regarding the change in accounting policy published
by the Company on 10 April 2025, the Board approved the Accounting Policy Change, with effect
from 1 January 2025. Based on the currently available information, the Board wishes to inform
the Shareholders and potential investors that the profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Company recorded by the Group for the three months ended 31 March 2025 is expected to be as
follows:
• Before the Accounting Policy Change: The profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Company is expected to be RMB11.6 billion to RMB12.3 billion, representing an increase
of approximately 640% to 690% compared to the profit attributable to the equity holders of
the Company recorded for the three months ended 31 March 2024;
• After the Accounting Policy Change: The profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Company is expected to be RMB5.2 billion to RMB5.8 billion, representing an increase of
approximately 220% to 270% compared to the same period last year.
Shareholders and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the
securities of the Company.
This announcement is made by Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with
its subsidiaries, the “Group”) in accordance with Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
(Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) concerning disclosure of inside information
and Rule 13.09 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).
- 1 -
As disclosed in the concurrent announcement regarding the change in accounting policy published by
the Company on 10 April 2025, the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) approved a
change in the accounting policy of the Company with respect to business combinations involving
entities under common control (the “Accounting Policy Change”), with effect from 1 January 2025.
Based on the currently available information, the Board wishes to inform the shareholders of the
Company (the “Shareholders”) and potential investors that the profit attributable to the equity
holders of the Company recorded by the Group for the three months ended 31 March 2025 is
expected to be as follows:
The table below illustrates the estimated financial impact before and after the Accounting Policy
Change:
For the three months ended
31 March 2025
Before the Accounting
Policy Change
After the Accounting
Policy Change
Expected unaudited gain from the
strategic integration of ZEEKR and
LYNK & CO
RMB6.47 billion RMB zero
Profit attributable to equity holders
of the Company
Profit: RMB11.6 billion-
RMB12.3 billion
Profit: RMB5.2 billion-
RMB5.8 billion
Increase compared to the
same period last year:
640%-690%
Increase compared to the
same period last year:
220%-270%
The Board believes that the increase in the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for
the three months ended 31 March 2025 is mainly attributable to the following factors:
• The Group achieved a record-high sales volume, witnessed robust growth in its new energy
business, optimized its product mix and leveraged prominent scale effects in the quarter, all of
which contributed to a significant improvement in profitability; and
• With the rapid growth of the export business, foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulted in a
net foreign exchange gain (after tax) of RMB2.0 billion to RMB2.3 billion for the period.
During the reporting period, the Group firmly advanced its electrification transformation, accelerated
the strategic layout of globalization, focused on the comprehensive AI deployment, and committed to
becoming a technology company with robust intelligent manufacturing capabilities.
Impact of the Accounting Policy Change
The financial results for the three months ended 31 March 2025 presented in this profit alert have
been prepared based on the Accounting Policy Change regarding business combinations under
common control, as announced by the Company on 10 April 2025 (effective from 1 January 2025).
- 2 -
The Group's financial results for this period have consistently adopted this new accounting policy. To
provide a clearer comparison, this announcement presents the estimated profit figures before and after
the Accounting Policy Change in tabular form to reflect the impact of the change on the results.
This profit alert is based on a preliminary review of the currently available information.
The Company is still in the process of finalising the consolidated results of the Group for the three
months ended 31 March 2025. This positive profit alert announcement is only an assessment by the
Board based on the preliminary review of the currently available information, which has not been
reviewed or audited by the Company’s auditor. Shareholders and potential investors are advised to
carefully read the Company’s announcement regarding the Group’s quarterly results for the three
months ended 31 March 2025, which is expected to be released in May 2025.
Shareholders and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the
securities of the Company.
By order of the Board of
Geely Automobile Holdings Limited
David C.Y. Cheung
Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 10 April 2025
As at the date of this announcement, the executive directors of the Company are Mr. Li Shu Fu
(Chairman), Mr. Li Dong Hui, Daniel (Vice Chairman), Mr. Gui Sheng Yue (Chief Executive Officer),
Ms. Wei Mei, Mr. Gan Jia Yue and Mr. Mao Jian Ming, Moosa; and the independent non-executive
directors of the Company are Mr. An Qing Heng, Mr. Wang Yang, Ms. Gao Jie, Ms. Yu Li Ping, Jennifer,
Mr. Zhu Han Song and Ms. Tseng Chin I.
- 3 -