BETA Close X Premier Foods plc announced that Catherine Thompson, Chief Marketing Officer, and Ruth McGowan, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer, were granted nil cost options under the 2025/26 Long Term Incentive Plan on November 19, 2025. Thompson received an award for 100,859 ordinary shares, while McGowan was awarded 54,849 ordinary shares. These awards are subject to vesting on the third anniversary of the grant date and achievement of relative total shareholder return and adjusted earnings per share performance conditions, with no consideration payable for the grant or exercise of the options. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 20 November 2025 Premier Foods plc (the "Company") Notification of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs) and persons closely associated 2025/26 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Following their appointment to the Executive Leadership Team of the Company this year, Catherine Thompson (née Lloyd) and Ruth McGowan (both persons discharging managerial responsibilities), were each granted an award over ordinary shares of 10p each in the Company, under the Premier Foods Long Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP"), on 19 November 2025 (the "Grant Date"), as set out below. Name Title Number of shares subject to option Catherine Thompson (née Lloyd) Chief Marketing Officer 100,859 Ruth McGowan Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer 54,849 Each award is structured as a nil cost option to acquire shares for nil consideration. They will normally vest and become exercisable under the LTIP on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and remain exercisable until the day before the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to the participant continuing to hold an office or employment within the group and the achievement of two independent performance conditions. The first condition comprises of a relative total shareholder return based condition that will apply to 50% of the total number of shares held under an award and the second is an adjusted earnings per share-based target that will apply to 50% of the total number of shares held under an award. No consideration was paid for the grant of the award, and no consideration shall be payable when the award is exercised. Details of the 2025/26 LTIP award are set out in the Company's FY24/25 Annual Report, which can be viewed on the Group's website (www.premierfoods.co.uk). The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation. 20 November 2025 ENQUIRIES: For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Catherine Thompson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Marketing Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") in the capital of Premier Foods plc ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of award under the Premier Foods plc Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 100,859 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 19 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ruth McGowan 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") in the capital of Premier Foods plc ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of award under the Premier Foods plc Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 54,849 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 19 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and