Director/PDMR Shareholding Premier Foods plc 13 March 2025 Premier Foods plc (the " Company ") Notification of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ('PDMRs') and persons closely associated ("PCAs") The Company announces that it was notified on 12 March 2025 of the following transactions by Alex Whitehouse and David Wilkinson. On 12 March 2025, each of the above PDMR's exercised awards over ordinary shares of 10p each in the Company ('Shares') under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan ('LTIP'). Sufficient Shares were subsequently sold to cover income tax and employee national insurance, at a price of 177.3p per share. Name Title Number of options exercised Number of Shares sold to cover tax and NI Number of Shares retained Alex Whitehouse Chief Executive Officer 779,497 367,652 411,845 David Wilkinson HR and Communications Director 540,618 254,984 285,634 The notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation. 13 March 2025 ENQUIRIES: For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Alex Whitehouse 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares following the exercise of an option granted under the Premier Foods Long Term Incentive Plan Award 2018. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 779,497 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 5 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares to cover income tax and employee national insurance. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 177.3p 367,652 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name David Wilkinson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status HR and Communications Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares following the exercise of an option granted under the Premier Foods Long Term Incentive Plan Award 2018. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 540,618 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 5 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares to cover income tax and employee national insurance. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 177.3p 254,984 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago Ajax Resources 15 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 16 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 17 hours ago Caledonia Investments 20 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and