Change to Board Committee Memberships Premier Foods plc 08 November 2024 8 November 2024 Premier Foods plc (the " Company ") Change to Board Committee Memberships Pursuant to UKLR 6.4.6(3), the Company announces that, following a review of Board Committee memberships, the changes set out below were approved by the Board on 7 November 2024, with immediate effect: Roisin Donnelly, an Independent Non-executive Director, is appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee and steps down as a member of the Remuneration Committee. Tania Howarth, an Independent Non-executive Director, is appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee and steps down as a member of the Nomination Committee. Tim Elliott, an Independent Non-executive Director, is appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee. Malcolm Waugh, an Independent Non-executive Director, is appointed as a member of the Audit Committee. The resulting membership of the Board Committees is as follows: Nomination Committee Audit Committee Remuneration Committee Colin Day (Chair) Tim Elliott (Chair) Helen Jones (Chair) Lorna Tilbian Roisin Donnelly Tim Elliott Roisin Donnelly Tania Howarth Tania Howarth Tim Elliott Malcolm Waugh Malcolm Waugh ENQUIRIES For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and