BETA Close X Premier Foods plc reports the balance of unallotted securities under its share schemes as of September 30, 2025. The Premier Sharesave Plan has 1,873,599 unallotted securities, the Premier Restricted Stock Plan has 1,735,000, and the Premier Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) has 5,550,000. There have been no increases to the block schemes and no securities issued or allotted under any of the schemes during the period from April 1, 2025, to September 30, 2025. Therefore, the balance of unallotted securities remains the same as the previous return for all three schemes. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 01 October 2025 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Date: 1 October 2025 Name of applicant : Premier Foods plc Name of scheme: 1. Premier Foods plc Sharesave Plan (Premier Sharesave Plan) 2. Premier Foods plc Restricted Stock Plan (Premier Restricted Stock Plan) 3. Premier Foods plc Long-Term Incentive Plan (Premier LTIP) Period of return: From: 1 April 2025 To: 30 September 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: Premier Sharesave Plan: Premier Restricted Stock Plan Premier LTIP: 1,873,599 1,735,000 5,550,000 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): Premier Sharesave Plan: Premier Restricted Stock Plan: Premier LTIP: - - - Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): Premier Sharesave Plan: Premier Restricted Stock Plan: Premier LTIP: - - - Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: Premier Sharesave Plan: Premier Restricted Stock Plan: Premier LTIP: 1,873,599 1,735,000 5,550,000 Name of contact: Simon Rose, General Counsel & Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 01727 815 850 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and