Director/PDMR Shareholding Premier Foods plc 13 March 2025 Premier Foods plc (the " Company ") Notification of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ('PDMRs') and persons closely associated ('PCAs') The Company announces that Tim Elliott, Non-executive Director and Audit Committee Chair, purchased 1,500 ordinary shares of 10p each ('Shares') in the Company at a price of 180.248p per Share on 13 March 2025. The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation. 13 March 2025 ENQUIRIES For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Elliott 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 180.248p 1,500 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 13 March 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and