BETA Close X Premier Foods plc has announced the posting of its 2025/26 Annual Report to shareholders, following the release of its preliminary results for the 52 weeks ended 28 March 2026. The Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting, and Form of Proxy are available on the company's website and have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, 16 July 2026, at 11:00 am. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 02 June 2026 2 June 2026 Premier Foods plc ("Premier Foods" or the "Company") Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 ("Notice of AGM") Following the release of Premier Food's preliminary results for the 52 week period ended 28 March 2026, on 14 May 2026, the Company will today post its 2025/26 Annual Report to shareholders. Copies of the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and Form of Proxy are available to view or download from the Company's website, www.premierfoods.co.uk . The Company's AGM will be held at 11.00am on Thursday 16 July 2026, at the Company's offices at Premier House, Centrium Business Park, Griffiths Way, St Albans, Hertfordshire AL1 2RE . Copies of the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and Form of Proxy will be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism (NSM), and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . For more information please contact: Simon Rose, General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0)1727 815850 Richard Godden, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0)1727 815850 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and