BETA Close X Premier Foods plc announced on April 1, 2026, that as of March 31, 2026, its issued share capital comprises 868,795,815 ordinary shares of 10p each, all carrying voting rights, with no shares held in treasury. This total figure of 868,795,815 will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules regarding their interests in the Company. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 01 April 2026 Premier Foods plc Total Voting Rights and Capital In accordance with DTR 5.6.1 of the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules, Premier Foods plc (the 'Company') confirms that the Company's issued share capital, as at 31 March 2026, consisted of 868,795,815 ordinary shares of 10p each with voting rights. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury. The figure of 868,795,815 may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. 1 April 2026 For further information contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: 01727 815850 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and