(a
NY PRE Me

Enriching Life a
Through Food mu

‘emier Foods plc Annual Report for the 52 weeks end: 18/07/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

Company number: 051 60050

Premier Foods plc | Annual Report for the S2 weeks ended 29 March 2025

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT

Overview 01
Highlights 02
About Premier Foods 03
Our ingredients 06
Our strategy 08
Strategy in action 10
Our Branded Growth Model 12
Consumer trends and opportunities 14
Why invest in Premier Foods? 1s
Group Chair's statement 16
Chief Executive's review 18
Our purpose, leadership behaviours

and culture 20
Key Performance Indicators (‘KPIs’) 22
Operating and financial review 24
The Enriching Life Plan 32
Taskforce on Climate-related

Financial Disclosures 46
Risk management 59
Viability statement 68
GOVERNANCE

Boardof directors 70
Governance overview 2
Stakeholder engagement and

Section 172(1) statement 73
Nomination Committee report 82
Audit Committee report 85
Directors’ remuneration report 90
Other statutory information 106
Statement of directors’ responsibilities 109
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Independent auditors’ report

to the members of Premier Foods ple 110
Consolidated financial staternents 117
Notes to the consolidated financial

statements 121
Company financial statements 161
Notes to the Company financial

statements 163
Enriching Life Plan disclosure tables 167
Additional information 174

Find us online at
www.premierfoods.co.uk

www premierfoods.co.uk (uss } Gane nt ' + 01

Overview

As one of the UK’s largest food businesses,

we’re passionate about food and believe that S ene °
each and every day we have the opportunity to enriching life
enrich life for everyone. We create great tasting THROUGH FOOD

products that contribute to healthy and balanced
diets, while being committed to nurturing our
people, local communities and our planet.

Delivering against our
growth strategy

Another year of strong business performance, as
we continue to deliver against our growth strategy.

Financial

We have recorded another strong set of financial results, with
branded revenue up 5.2% (at constant currency) and Trading
profit up 6.0%, ahead of market expectation. Our Branded Growth
Model continues to deliver sales growth through new product
development (‘NPD’), sustained consumer marketing investment
and excellent instore execution. Strong cash generation has also
helped us to reduce our Net debt to its lowest ever level. With this
year of strategic progress and strong financial performance, we are
increasing our final dividend by 62%.

DELICIOUS
&LIGHT

CHOCOLATE SLICES,

For more information, see the Chief Executive's review
on pages 18 and 19

Strategic

We have continued to make very good progress against all the pillars
of our growth strategy. We accelerated capital investment in our
supply chain, continuing to invest in projects to improve automation
and increase efficiency, in addition to enabling growth through

NP. Ambrosia porridge pots contributed to strong progress in our
new categories, which grew 46%, while the international business
saw revenue growth of 23% (at constant currency). In addition,

our acquired brands, The Spice Tailor and FUEL10K, both delivered
double-digit growth

For more information, see our strategy
on pages 08 and 09

Sustainability

At the same time, we have made important strides in achieving our
ambitions under the three strategic pillars of our Enriching Life Plan
—Product, Planet and People. 56% of our product portfolio is now non-
HFSS (not high in fat, salt & sugar) and so meet healthy eating guidance
as defined by the government, Scope 1 & 2 market-based emissions
have reduced by 10%, and over the year we donated the equivalent of
more than one milion meals to food insecurity charities

See our Enriching Life Plan, for more information
(on our progress on pages 32 to 45

02

Highlights

£1,147.8m

Headline revenue’*

2.80p 0.7x

8

é

3m

Profit before tax
+6.5%

£143.6m

Net debt
- £92.0m

Further analysis of our performance
can be found on pages 16 10 29

t

| orem
www-premiertoods.co.uk Governance Financials 03

About Premier Foods

What we do

We are a consumer insight led organisation, driving long-term and
sustainable shareholder value through our Branded Growth Model,
which informs what we do and how we operate. We are proud to be over 13
British, employing over 4,000 people operating from 13 sites across 4 000 en
the UK, supplying a range of customers with our iconic brands which ? the UK

: employees
feature in millions of homes every day. Ploy

Our business model.

with an increasing focus on the key trends of health, nutrition, convenience and indulgence.

We have deep understanding of our consumers, based around insights on how they shop, how they cook and how
We use this Insight, together with our knowledge of new and ing fond trends, ta develop and la
develop our existing port rands.

02. Sourcing

We are committed to
producing high-quality food
that is sourced in a fair
ethical and environmentally
responsible way.

we develop long-term
sustainable partnerships
with suppliers which deliver
benefit for both parties
working together to re
environmental impact

03. Manufacturing

Our strong manufacturing
capabilities allow us to
efficiently create a diverse

range of high-quality products,

whilst maintaining our leadin,
standards of safety, both for
our food and our colleagues.

This is all underpinned by our
dedicated and experienced
workforce

04. Supplying

We operate a centralised
distribution hub delivering
across the UK and to
international markets,

We operate a mullifurrmat,
multichannel approach

to serve a broad range af
customers, including major
UK supermarkets, discounters,
e-commerce channels,

Enriching Life Plan

Our environmental, social and governance ('ESG')

ities we operate in. With our purpose ~ En

t, our plan highlig!

See pages 32 to 45
for more information

nable

04 Premier Foods ple | Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 29 March 2025

About Premier Foods continues

Our categories

Categories Brands Position Share

Flavourings & Seasonings

Quick Meals, Snacks & Soups

Ambient Desserts

Cooking Sauces & Accompaniments

Breakfast (reported categories’)

Ambient Cakes wa |

#1 19%

Source: Category position and market share: Circana 52 weeks ending 29 March 2025.
+ Reported categories comprise on the go breakfast pots and drinks, cereal granola and hot cereal porridge sachets.

Our competitive advantage — Our Branded Growth Model

Sustained
marketing
investment

Retailer
partnerships

Leading brand
positions

Insight driven
new products

(S) See pases szandias
for more information

The impact we make
Our business model continues to deliver strong and sustainable growth, providing value for our stakeholders.

Shareholders Consumers Customers Colleagues Suppliers Communities
9 0, 9 9
694% 89% +21bps 72% 78% 1m
Shareholder Of UK households Market share Colleague Of our third-party Over one million
return over the purchased at growth (basis engagement spend is with UK- equivalent meals
last 5 years. least one of our points). score. based suppliers. provided to
products last year. food insecurity

charities.

www premierfoods.co.uk

NS

Where we operate
a
Key

© Grocery factories
@ Sweet treats factories
Q Distribution centre

Q Central & corporate services

Moreton

Cadbury cakes

Ambrosia,
Angel Delight, Bird’s

Strategic partnerships

Nissin

We entered into a co-operation agreement
with Nissin Foods Holdings Co., Ltd (‘Nissin’)
in 2026. Since inception, we have launched
Batchelors Super Noodles in a new pot
format, using Nissin’s leading noodle
technology and manufacturing expertise
We also took on distribution of Nissin’s
Soba cups and Cup Noodles, and have
grown the sales of Nissin’s Soba noodle
bbags in the UK. This year we also assumed
distribution of the Demae Ramen range.
Nissin are now the UK market leader in

the authentic quick meals and snacks pot
sector, with a 65% share.

Governance Financials 05

Carlton

Mr Kipling

Worksop

Batchelors, Bisto, Homepride,
Loyd Grossman, OXO, Saxa,
Sharwood’s

Stoke
Mr Kipling

Ashford |
Angel Delight,
Batchelors, Bird’s,
Bisto, Brown & Polson,
Marvel, Paxo, Smash

Andover Mill
Be-Ro,
McDougalls

Mondeléz International

In 2024, we signed a new global licence
agreement with Mondelaz International
to renew the Company's long-standing
relationship with the Cadbury brand. The
partnership covers the production and
marketing of Cadbury branded cake, as
well as home baking and ambient dessert
products. The licence also covers multiple
countries and has the potential to use a
range of Cadbury brands in ambient cake.

0 Premier Foods ple | Annual Report for the S2 weeks ended 29 March 2025

Our ingredients

We offer consumers great tasting products made from quality ingredients.

We source a wide range of healthy, natural ingredients for our products, purchasing raw ingredients from a range of suppliers in the UK and
fi ts around the world. Last year, we purchased over 245,000 tonnes of food ingredients, working with around 194 suppliers. In

we develop long-term sustainable partnerships which deliver mutual benefits. We source our ingredients in a responsible manner
to give consumers confidence that the food they purchase is produced in an ethical and sustainable way.

Last year, we purchased around:

CHMMES Ol!

parsley

milton lftres of DESO Oman

milk Bramley apples

wv premierfoods.co.uk Governance Financials 07

Tho ingrashonts we somes
ftofcreatee hexspicegi allow
vange ara the tieshet we ean
fgeteanojathermcustomergiasy
euch tention dee when
Reomes t crating all dhe

‘Guntur Sannam chillies from Andhra Pradesh. © *

Fresh high-quality ingredients, locally sourced

We make many of our products
in a similar way to how people
cook at home, but our secret

is the freshness and quality of
our ingredients. We choose
everything that goes into our
products with care, following a
tried and tested recipe to make a
flavourful meal — it’s just we do
it on a much larger scale than in
a domestic kitchen.

The Spice Tailor’s range of curry kits is a
great example of how we source a huge
variety of fresh, high-quality ingredients,
using suppliers local to where the
products are prepared and cooked

Sourcing

We have ingredients specialists working
on the ground for us across India,

and this network works closely with
Indian suppliers and growers to source
consistent supplies of top-quality
vegetables and spices for The Spice
Tailor. There are no frozen or pre-
chopped ingredients used to create
the range — whole, fresh produce such
as tomatoes, onions, ginger, chilli and
cardamom arrives every day to be

transformed into our tasty curry meal
kits. For example, our Guntur Sannam
chillies come from the farms of Andhra
Pradesh, renowned for their pungency
and flavour, our red onions are grown
around the famous fertile fields of Nashik
in the Maharashtra region, while white
onion from Mahuva in Gujarat has been
found to be the best for many of our
recipes

Cooking

Our sauces are skilfully prepared and
heated in large, authentic pans and
vessels to ensure they're thoroughly
cooked and can deliver the depth

of flavour and shelf-life consumers.
expect, while containing no artificial
preservatives. Ingredients are added
gradually in layers, so each gets the
‘optimum cooking time, ensuring flavour
is maximised but without one ingredient
becoming overpowering. Onions and
chillies can be stronger or spicier
depending on where they’re grown and
seasonal growing conditions, which is
why we also have a highly skilled sensory
team, testing ingredients and each batch
of finished product, to ensure we get
the balance of flavours and heat right
every time.

Perfected in
your kitchen

Our meal kits, made

in India with Indian

ingredients, offer

consumers the perfect way to enjoy an
authentic curry at home, following a
simple three step process to prepare the
final dish. In this way, the fresh produce
we source in India is t

---

of 1.5x and have
completed two acquisitions in
the last three financial years,
while still reducing our leverage.

06 | Pension
obligations solution

Our adjusted EBITDA % margins
compare favourably with many

of our sector peers, including
branded multinational FMCG
businesses

These strang margins provide

the platform for us to continually
invest behind our brands, through
marketing investment

product innovation

iu FY24/25, our adjusted

EBITDA % margins were 18.6%
reflecting the sustained facus——
on our Branded Growth Model,
leveraging the strength of our
category-leading brands.

in March 2024, we annuunced
the suspension of pension deficit
contribution payments which in
FY23/24 were £33m, allowing
enhanced capital allocation
opportunities.
In March 2025, we completed
the full merger of the RHM
and Premier schemes and the
dividend match arrangement was
removed.

lution is expected by
the end af 2026

Underpinned by our purpose, Enriching
Life Through Food, and our ESG strategy

Our ESG strategy

Our Enriching Life Plan is articulated through three
strategic pillars of Product, Planet and People. We have
set out our ambitions and targets under each pillar as
we ensure the food we create helps enable people to
lead sustainable, healthier lifestyles. The Enriching Life
Plan covers all aspects of sustainable development and
encompasses everything we touch, from the ingredients

we source to the communities we serve.

16

Premier Foods plc | Annual Report fr the $2 veeks ended 29 March 2025

Group Chair’s statement

UU

The Company has delivered another strong
trading performance and continued strategic
progress. This, combined with the work to
significantly strengthen our financial position
over the last few years, leaves us well placed

to build the scale of our business and create
significant value for shareholders.”

Colin Day
Group Chair

This report covers our FY24/25 financial year for the

52 weeks ending 29 March 2025". Headline revenue”
increased by 3.5% versus last year to £1,147.8m and
adjusted profit before tax grew 8.8%, to £169.3m. We

also reduced our leverage to below 1x adjusted EBITDA and,
following the removal of the pension match arrangement,
we have proposed a step up in our dividend for the year,
increasing distributions to shareholders by 62%.

Strengthened financial
position and strategic
progress

The business continues to demonstrate
the success of our Branded Growth Model,
evidenced by our strong and consistent
trading performance and further cash
generation. Supported by our strengthened
financial position, this has enabled us to
drive further progress through our five-
pillar growth strategy.

Our trading performance and the
suspension of pension deficit contributions
in early 2024, has resulted in significantly
enhanced free cash flow, allowing the
business to continue to reduce Net debt
during the year, reaching Net debt/EBITDA
of 0.7x.

During the first half of the year, the Group
also signed a new five year £227.5m
revolving credit facility on improved terms,
replacing the previous £175m facility and
extending the maturity to May 2029

Allof this provides the Company with
further flexibility and capacity to deliver
value for shareholders in line with our
capital allocation priorities. This year we
more than doubled our capital investment
programme versus two years ago, which
will drive productivity and efficiencies
across our operations, supporting our long-
term growth plans.

We also continue to benefit from strategic
partnerships. We have seen continued
momentum from our collaboration with
Nissin, working together to launch new
products and grow our scale and market
share. The Group has also renewed the
licence it holds with Mondeléz International
Group, to manufacture and sell Cadbury
cake and ambient desserts through to 2028.

Shareholder returns

Akey priority of the Board is to reinvest
in the business to create value and drive
long-term growth, whilst maintaining

a progressive dividend policy ahead of
adjusted earnings.

+8.8%

increase in adjusted profit
before tax

-£92.0m

reduction in Net debt

+62%

increase in final dividend

Ina further step towards the full resolution
of the pension scheme, earlier this year
we completed the full merger of the RHM
and Premier Foods sections of the pension
scheme, in addition to the removal of

the dividend match arrangement. The
falling away of the dividend match, has

led to a step up in our dividend for the
year. | therefore confirm that, subject to
shareholder approval, the directors have
proposed a final dividend of 2.8 pence per
share for the 52 weeks to 29 March 2025, a
62% increase on the prior year.

External climate

Our brands have demonstrated their
relevance and appeal to a broad spectrum
of consumers, in all parts of the economic
cycle. We have seen our brands perform
well in more challenging economic periods,
as consumers look to make a nutritious

and affordable high-quality meal at home,
rather than eating out. Whereas they also
turn to our brands when they are looking to
trade up into our more premium ranges.

}

www premierfoods.co.uk

financials 17

Governance

At the start of the financial year, we saw
inflation continue to soften from the highs
of recent years. Although we have seen
some cost pressure towards the end of
the financial year, we continue to manage
this as far as possible through cost saving
initiatives and efficiencies, minimising

the price increases we pass onto our
customers, whilst working collaboratively
with our retailer partners and broad
supply base.

Reducing preventable and diet related
illnesses is a major objective of the new
UK Government and it is expected to be a
key focus of the upcoming Food Strategy.
Supporting this objective, and offering
healthier and more nutritious options to
consumers, has been a strategic priority for
the business for many years. Five years ago,
we set targets to more than double sales
of products that meet higher nutritional
standards and, for more than 50% of our
products, to provide an additional health
or nutritional benefit. We are making good
progress against both of these objectives,
and we have already increased sales of our
products that meet a higher nutritional
standard, by 36% against the FY20/21
baseline. Looking ahead, our innovation
programme is well placed to continue to
offer healthier options in line with evolving
consumer trends.

Board priorities and
shareholder feedback

The Board remains committed to deliver
long-term growth and shareholder value
and we continue to believe this will

come through the successful execution

---

uring the year and we've now reduced our
leverage to below 1x adjusted EBITDA.

This was supported by the suspension of
pension contributions at the start of the
year, which has historically consumed a
significant proportion of generated cash.
Alongside continued financial discipline,
this increased free cash flow enables us
to create value through investing behind
our capital allocation priorities. These

+5.2%

increase in branded revenue
(constant currency)

+6.0%

increase in Trading profit

+21 bps

increase in market share
(basis points)

include investing in our sites to improve
productivity and efficiency, acquiring new
brands where we can apply our Branded
Growth Model and deliver further value,
and paying a progressive dividend to
shareholders

This year we took a step further towards

full resolution of the pension scheme, with
the merger of the RHM and Premier Foods
pension schemes, allowing them to be
managed as one scheme by the trustees.

At the same time, it was agreed that the
dividend match requirement would be
removed. Consequently, we have chosen to
redeploy these funds, significantly increasing
the dividend to shareholders this year by 62%.

Consistent progress on our
Growth Strategy

Our five-pillar growth strategy utilises our
core brand building skillset across a broader
base than our core UK business, while
enabling investment in our manufacturing
sites to make us more efficient, placing us
in a strong position for continued growth.
During the year we made further progress
against all five strategic pillars.

www-premierfoods.co.uk

19

Continue to grow the UK core

The majority of our business is currently in
the UK, and this year we grew UK branded
revenue 4.4% (at constant currency)

We have grown our core UK business
consistently over the last three years,
while maintaining our strong trading
profit margins. We have done this while
outperforming our key competitors and
further increasing our market share.

Investing in our operational
infrastructure

This year we more than doubled our
capital investment versus two years ago, to
£41.4m. Most of this investment helps drive
efficiencies at our manufacturing sites,
which fuels our branded growth through

a virtuous cycle of investment, while

also providing capability for new product
development. The upgrade of our cooking
sauces line at Worksop is a great example
of this investment in efficiency, while the
second phase of our sponge pudding line
upgrade at our Carlton site, increases
automation, drives efficiencies and reduces
‘our CO, emissions. We see considerable
opportunity over the medium term to
invest in further cost reduction initiatives
with attractive paybacks and projects to
support new product development and
further growth.

Expanding into new categories

Taking our leading brands into new
categories where we previously haven’t
had a presence is our third strategic

pillar and sales in those categories took
another step up, growing 46% this year.
Ambrosia porridge pots continued to be
the key driver of this, as we invested in TV
advertising, gained further distribution in
stores and launched new flavour varieties.
Looking ahead, we have a pipeline of new
category opportunities we are exploring.

Bu g international
businesses with critical mass

We continued to apply our brand building
expertise overseas, growing international
sales by 23% (at constant currency), with
double digit growth across all our target
regions. Cake sales in Australia were a

key driver, as we extended our Mr Kipling
advertising to more regions, launched new
products and grew market share. We've
also made good progress with The Spice
Tailor, which is now in 10 markets including
over 2,400 stores in the USA and Canada.
Australia was also home to our first ever
TV advert for the brand. We continue to
see significant potential for the key brands

we focus on internationally — Mr Kipling,
Sharwood’s and The Spice Tailor.

Inorganic opportunities

Acquiring brands and applying our Branded
Growth Model to deliver incremental
growth is our fifth strategic pillar. Both
FUEL1OK and The Spice Tailor delivered
double digit growth in the year and are
great examples of the success of this
strategy. We are actively seeking further
acquisition opportunities, where we believe
we can add value, while ensuring we
maintain our financial discipline.

Our Enriching Life Plan

Underpinning all of this is our purpose of
enriching life through food, and the work
we are doing to create a more sustainable
food system through our 2030 Enriching
Life Plan commitments, which focus on
three areas — Product, Planet and People.

Our first ESG pillar is dedicated to helping
consumers eat healthier by creating foods
with more nutritional value, which are
kinder to the environment. During the
year, we increased the proportion of our
products which meet higher nutritional
standards to 56% and the proportion with
an added health or nutritional benefit to
45%. This included launching new FUEL1OK
breakfast cereals and baking mixes, while
updating the recipe for our granolas, all
‘of which are now non-HFSS, or not high

in fat, salt and sugar, while ensuring they
taste great. I’m also pleased to report we
hit our 2030 target to have £250m of our
sales from plant-based products ahead of
schedule.

It is important we play our part in tackling
climate change and deforestation and
reducing food waste across our operations.
This year we reduced our Scope 1 & 2
market-based emissions by 10% against the
prior year and 30% since we set our targets
in FY20/21. We also recognise the role we
have to play in water management at our
sites and in the communities in which they
are based. This is why we've announced a
new target to strengthen our approach to
water stewardship.

Finally, our People pillar is focused on
building a culture and the skills needed
to support our growth ambitions and the
wider economy, while giving back to the
communities we operate in. In our role as
a leading developer of people, we have
expanded our T-Level and apprenticeship
programmes. We also supported our local
communities, hitting our target to donate
one million meals a year for the first time

a

We are proud to be a
UkK-listed, UK-based
manufacturing business,
which employs over 4,000
people, making many of
Britain’s much-loved food
brands in our factories across
the country.”

this year. Further details can be found in the
Enriching Life Plan section of this Annual
Report.

Summary and looking ahead

Over the last five years we have
demonstrated our ability to continue to
grow our leading brands in a profita

---

in the
year, to £140.3m. Cash flow benefitted
from the strong trading performance
in the period and also the removal of
pension deficit contribution payments,
announced in March 2024

FY20/21_£29.9m
Why is this important? Why is this important?

Expanding our international business is
one of our five strategic priorities.

Progress we have made

International revenue was £51.8m,
23% higher than prior year, and has
more than doubled in the last five
years, on a constant currency basis.
This was the result of growth in

‘our strategic markets, with strong
performances from Mr Kipling,
Cadbury cake and Sharwood’s. For
comparative purposes, international
revenue is presented within KPIs at
constant currency relative to FY20/21.

1 A definition of Alternative Performance Measures
and a reconciliation of headline and statutory
measures are provided on pages 29 to 31. FY22/23
Trading profit was stated including software
‘amortisation, the prior year comparatives have been
re-stated accordingly.

2 Headline revenue in FY24/25 and FY23/24 exclude
the performance of the Charnwood and Knighton
sites and in FY22/23 exclude Knighton. Headline
revenue for FY24/25 is stated at constant currency
to prior year.

2 Prior year comparatives have been represented in
accordance with the revised definition of free cash
flow set out on page 31.

www premierfoods.co.uk

+21 bps

Branded market share
(value growth)*

FY23/24 +29bps

£435m ©

Revenue from products that meet
high nutritional standards

EY24/25) ea3sm

FY23/24 £397m

FY22/23 £335m
FY21/22__ £286m

Governance

Financials

40%

Senior management roles

Why is this important?
Increasing market share indicates
consumer preference for our products
and drives category growth for the
business.

Progress we have made

Our market share value grew by
21 basis points (‘bps’), versus prior
year. Demonstrating the strength of
our Branded Growth Model and the
resilience of the Group's brands, with a
particularly strong performance within
Sweet Treats.

International revenue no longer includes the
performance of our trish business, which is now
reported within the UK business, and the prior year
comparatives have been restated accordingly. For 2
definition and reconciliation, please refer to note 9 of
the Operating and financial review, on page 32.

Circana value share data for the $2 weeks ended
29 March 2025 and 30 March 2024.

Why is this important?

Under our Enriching Life Plan we
have set a target to more than double
sales of products that meet high
nutritional standards (see page 37 for
a definition).

Progress we have made

During the year we have launched
226 products which support high
nutritional standards and 187 products
which offer an additional health or
nutrition benefit.

held by females
FY23/24 __a%
FY21/22 37%
Why is this important?

Under our Enriching Life Plan we are
targeting gender balance for our senior
management population by 2030.

Progress we have made

The number of females within senior
leadership fell back slightly at year-end,
but continues to track positively from
our base year of 27% in FY20/21. In
addition, 48% of graded management
roles are held by females. We have
continued to improve accessibility to
leadership roles through enhanced
recruitment, development and
mentoring programmes.

51,035

Scope 1 & 2 market-based
emissions (tCO,e)

0.13

RIDDORs
(FY23/24: 0.12)

0.57

@ Premier Foods © All UK manufacturing
© UK Food manufacturing
(Reportable accident per 100,000 hours worked)

Why is this important?

Reducing carbon emissions is a key
priority under the Planet pillar of our
Enriching Life Plan.

Progress we have made

Our total Scope 1 & 2 market-based
emissions reduced by 10% over the
year, as a result of improved efficiency
from capital investment in projects
such as new equipment to reduce the
heat requirements for key processes,
and investments in new LED lighting
and air compressors.

L 7 __)

Why is this important?
Colleague safety is our first priority as a
business.

Progress we have made

Our overall RIDDOR rate increased
slightly over the year, however, it
remains significantly lower than the
industry average. We continue to work
with colleagues across the business
with targeted improvement plans and
enhanced training programmes. This
includes increased focus on near misses
and high potential incidents.

24 Premier Foods plc | Annual Report forthe $2 ZL enited 29 MarchyZo2s

Operating and financial review

UU

We h inst all pill f

e have made progress against all pillars of our +5.2%
growth strategy; we significantly increased capital
. . - Branded revenue growth
investment in our manufacturing sites this year, (constant currency)
delivering improved efficiencies and providing the
platform for future growth. Our revenue in new
categories rose by 46%, led by Ambrosia porridge £181 1m
pots, and our overseas businesses grew by
23%°. Additionally, The Spice Tailor and FUEL10K
both achieved double-digit revenue growth as 14.5
we applied our Branded Growth Model to our
acquired brands.”

Operating profit

Adjusted earnings per share

Duncan Leggett
Chief Financial Officer

>

Financial results

Overview

. % change % change
£m FY24/25 FY23/24_(@ actualrates) (@ constant currency)
Branded revenue’ | 1,008.1 | 958.1 5.1% 5.2%
Non-branded revenue! 150.6 (7.2%) (7.2%)
Headline revenue! 1,147.8 1,108.7 3.4% 3.5%
Divisional contribution? 264.8 251.2 5.4%
Headline Trading profit? 187.8 177.2 6.0%
Headline Trading profit margin? 16.4% 16.0% +0.4ppt
Adjusted EBITDA‘ 213.2 201.6 5.8%
Adjusted profit before taxation® 169.3 155.6 8.8%
Adjusted earnings per share® (pence) 145 13.5 7.3%
Basic earnings per share (pence) 14.3 13.0 10.0%

Headline revenue’ in FY24/25 increased by 3.5% to £1,147.8m, driven by branded revenue which grew by 5.2%. Divisional contribution
was up 5.4% to £264.8m and Headline Trading profit increased by 6.0% to £187.8m. Group and corporate costs were £77.0m (FY23/24:
£74.0m), the movement largely due to general salary inflation and IT investment.

Adjusted profit before taxation increased by £13.7m, or 8.8% to £169.3m, while adjusted earnings per share also grew by 7.3%. Basic
earnings per share for FY24/25 rose 10.0% to 14.3p (FY23/24: 13.0p).

Financials 25

www.premierfoods.co.uk Governance

Statutory overview

£m FY24/25 FY23/24__% change
Grocery

Branded revenue 773.3 740.4 45%
Non-branded revenue 76.9 110.0 (30.1%)
Total revenue 850.2 850.4 0.0%
‘Sweet Treats

Branded revenue 233.8 217.7 7.3%
Non-branded revenue 65.0 69.4 (6.3%) -
Total revenue 298.8 287.1 4.0%
Group

Branded revenue 1,007.1 958.1 5.1%
Non-branded r

---

ses was
a credit of £19.8m, £11.8m lower than
FY23/24, due to an interest credit on the
opening combined surplus of the pension
scheme of £28.8m, partly offset by £9.0m
of administrative expenses. The interest
credit was £8.4m tower than the prior

year due to a lower opening combined
surplus of the pension scheme. Non-trading
items" of £6.3m (FY23/24: £11.4m) were
principally due to costs associated with the
closure of the Knighton and Charnwood
manufacturing sites.

Finance income and costs

Net finance cost was £19.8m in FY24/25,
compared to £26.3m in the prior year.
Net regular interest® reduced by £3.1m to
£18.5m, predominantly due to an increase
in interest receivable on bank deposits of

£2.4m, reflecting higher levels of cash held
on deposit compared to the prior year.
Interest on the Group's Senior secured
notes of £11.6m were, as expected, in line
with the prior year. Other finance costs
payable were £2.2m lower compared to the
prior year due to lower non-cash charges
on the unwind of long-term provisions

and remeasurement of contingent
consideration related to acquisitions.

The Group completed the signing of a new
five year £227.5m revolving credit facility
('RCF’) during Une yeat replacing Its previous
£175m facility. The new agreement is on
improved terms, attracting a margin’’ of
2.0% above SONIA. Since 29 March 2025,
the RCF has been increased to £282.5m,
exercising an accordion option on the
facility.

Taxation

The tax charge for the year was £36.4m
(FY23/24: £38.9m) and largely reflected
profit before taxation at the UK domestic
income tax rate of 25% of £40.3m, partly
offset by adjustments to prior year periods
of £3.1m and losses not previously
recognised now recognised of £2.2m. The
Group is able to offset a proportion of
cash tax payable through available brought
forward losses. Following the suspension
of pension deficit contributions effective

1 April 2024, which were allowable for

tax, cash tax payable is expected to be
approximately £10m next year.

Earnings per share

£m Fy24/25 FY23/24___% change
Operating profit | 181.1 177.7 1.9%
Net finance cost (19.8) (26.3) 24.7%
Profit before taxation 161.3 151.4 6.5%
Taxation (36.4) (38.9) 6.4%
Profit after taxation | 124.9 112.5 11.0%
‘Average shares in issue (million) 874.4 862.4 1.4%
Basic Earnings per share (pence) il 14.3 | 13.0 10.0%

The Group reported profit before taxation of £161.3m in FY24/2S, a 6.5% increase on the prior year. Profit after taxation was £124.9m, up
£12.4m and basic earnings per share was 14.3 pence, an increase of 10.0%.