3 April 2021

h,

i

‘UU

*AABBWTGZ*
Ate 08/07/2021 ‘
COMPANIES HOUSE

Mu

THURSDAY

VOUT UA 22aG

Contents

Strategic Report

Our strategy 03
Our branded grawth model 04
About Premier Foods 08
Our response to Covid-19 09
The year when Britain got cooking again 10
Chairman's statement 12
Chief Executive's Review 14
How we are a responsible business 16
Key performance indicators 34
Operating and financial review 36
Risk management 46
Governance framework 54
Board of directors 56
Governance overview 58
Nomination Committee report 64
Audit Committee report 65
Directors’ Remuneration Report 68
Other statutory information 84
Statement of directors’ responsibilities. 87
Independent auditor’s report 39
Consolidated statement an
of profit or loss
Consolidated statement 99
of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet 100
Consolidated statement of cash flows 101
Consolidated statement 102
of changes in equity
Notes to the financial statements 103
Company financial statements 145
Notes to the Company financial 147
statements
Additional information 451

Highlights

Revenue [52 week basis]" (€m]

£847.1m
£824.3m
£819.2m.
£790.4m

€314.1m
£408.1m

£469.9m

£496.4m

“Come,
pee

or like basis and

4

STRATEGIC REPORT

Despite the challenges of the
last year, our branded growth

| modet has continued to deliver,
» of H x4 none as consumers have turned to
te ti: «=e our market leading brands and

innovative new products, to
and their culinary repertoires

p
ve rr zi and get cooki ain.
‘oe

Nua *

¥

per share proposed; reinstate eft
the first time in 13 years“ "Net debt/adjusted | EBITDA {ona Pre-
IFRS 16 basis},
ever leverage” Be,

and Trarling penfit ara chown on a 62 week basis for comparison with pri
146 basis and EBITDA Is on an adjusted basis. A definition and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures ty

Our strategy
Our branded growth model
About Premier Foods

Our response to Covid-19

‘The year when Britain
got cooking again

Chairman's statement
Chief Executive's Review

How we are a responsible
business

Key performance indicators

Operating and financial
review

Risk management

Aah! The nation’s
favourite.

Our gravy granules help bring

families together over
home cooked meals and

now, bath Chicken and Beef

Aavours, are available with

25% less salt options.

04
08

09

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our strategy

Our branded growth strategy continues to deliver
and enables us to reduce Net debt consistently.

Sustainable and profitable growth
© Leading brand positions.
call] @ Insight driven innovation.

@ Sustained growth in marketing investment.
Collaborative retail partnerships.
International markets expansion.

Cost control and efficiency
e@ Lean SG&A cost base.

e@ Operational excellence.

© Capital projects.

© Agility, pace & energy.

Cash generation
© Disciplined working capital management.
e Tight focus on Capex.

@ Options for cash deployment in short and
medium term.

7 ‘Ourtira Jed growth mod 1

ering eosey wo oi eral partes bdeve ncesink
in-storé execution and category growth.

Premier Foods ple
www.premierfoods.co.uk

We have leading brands

Our brands are leaders in their categories
with high household penetration.

Flavourings & Seasonings

saa er
position share penetration

k Meals, Snacks & Soups

a Gy

Position share penetration

Ambient Desserts
& a
palitony, !
position share penetration

Cooking Sauces & Accompaniments

position share penetration

ry pe F ey

position share penetration

Category position and market share: IRI 52 w/e 27 March 2021
Penetration: Kantar Worldpanel 52 w/e 21 March 2021

OXO Meat-Free

OXO stock cubes a

Premier Foods plc
Annual Report for the

STRATEGIC REPORT

hat innovate
_ tomeet
consumers’
needs...

We launch new products
based on consumer trends,
with a major focus on
health and nutrition.

Health and
nutrition

Convenience

Snacking and
on-the-go

Indulgence

Packaging
sustainability

Premier Foods plc
www. premierfoods.co.uk

Which are
supported
by engaging
marketing...

Sustained growth in marketing with two new major
campaigns launched in the year, creating emotional
connections with consumers.

Premier Foods ple
Annual Report for the 53 weeks ended 3 April 2021

STRATEGIC REPORT

..and strong
customer

Focused on driving mutual category
growth and delivering outstanding
in-store execution.

RE RRT al
EKERe . ge:

Premier Foods ple
www.premierfoods.co.uk

About Premier Foods

As one of Britain’s biggest listed food companies we’re committed to the UK,
employing over 4,000 dedicated colleagues at 16 manufacturing sites and offices

up and down the country.

We operate primarily in the ambient food
sector, which is one of the largest sectors
within the total UK grocery market. We
operate in four key Grocery categories:
Flavourings & Seasonings; Quick Meals,
Snacks & Soups; Ambient Desserts and
Cooking Sauces & Accompaniments. Within
Sweet Treats we operate in the Ambient
Cakes category. In addition, the Group has
a portfolio of other branded food products
and a non-branded food business which
manufactures products, such as cakes and
desserts, on behalf of many of the UK’s
leading food retailers.

Within International we have significant
businesses in Ireland and Australia, with
established relationships with the major
food retailers. Our International business
delivered a strong performance in the year
and now accounts for nearly 6% of Group
revenue.

Our values and culture

Ne’re committed to creating a truly
the do things and we cha

=

if
1
“I

v

«|

We're determined

to be the best,
consistently delivering
at the highest level.

we do it.

Premier Foods ple

We’re creative in
what we do and how

Strategic partnerships
Nissin

We entered into a co-operation agreement
with Nissin Foods Holdings Co., Limited
(‘Nissin’) in 2016, and have launched
Batchelors Super Noodles in a new pot
format using Nissin’s leading noodle
technology and manufacturing expertise.
in addition, we have taken on distribution
of Nissin’s Soba noodles and brought the
Cup Noodle brand to the market. As a
result, we have seen market share grow to
7.5% in the Pot Snacks category, with retail
sales value up +48.4% in the financial year.

We're energetic and
act with pace.

We achieve more
when we work

Mondeléz International

In 2017, we signed a new strategic global
partnership with Mondeléz International to
renew the Company's long-standing licence
to produce and market Cadbury branded
cake, as well as home baking and ambient
dessert products. The partnership covers
multiple countries, and has the potential

to use the full range of Cadbury brands in
ambient cake.

Customers

We operate a multi-format, multi-
channel approach to serving a broad
range of customers, including major UK
supermarkets, discounters, e-commerce
channels, convenience stores, wholesalers
and foodservice operators.

ee
‘

Vv\
bd,

We bring out the
best in each other.

together.

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our response to Covid-19

The last year has been one of the most challenging in modern history. As a business,
our key responsibility has been to ensure the health and well-being of our colleagues.
At the same time, we have worked with suppliers to ensure our manufacturing sites
remain operational to meet our customers’ needs and help keep the nation fed.

Colteague health and safety

The Group's key priority has remained the health and well-being

of our colleagues and other stakeholders. As a business, we acted
quickly to introduce a wide range of additional health, safety and
hygiene protocols at our factories, offices and across our supply
chain. These have included enhanced hygiene controls, social
distancing, working from home (where possible) and controlled
access to manufacturing sites. We have carried out individual risk
assessments for all colleagues classed as vulnerable or clinically
extremely vulnerable and, should a colleague test positive or

be required to self-isolate, we have provided full pay. We have
introduced Social Distancing Marshals across our sites and liaised
closely with The Department of Health and Social Care on mass
testing. There has also been extensive two-way communication with
colleagues across the business to provide assurance and to address
any areas of concern. The Group believes the measures taken

have been highly effective in minimising the number of infections
experienced at our sites and enabled the Group’s manufacturing and
logistics operations to remain fully operational throughout the year.

Continuity of supply
The Group takes its responsibilities as a major UK food
manufacturer seriously and the Board recognises the importance
of supplying food to the nation at a time of need. The
management team has worked hard and been highly successful
in maintaining supply at significantly elevated levels of demand,
keeping the business fully operational, while at the same time
retaining strict social distancing measures to keep site-based
colleagues safe. We have continued to work very closely with
our suppliers to ensure continued supply of ingredients and,
where necessary, identified alternative sources of supply. It has
also been essential to work collaboratively with customers to
understand their priorities and ensure timely delivery of orders.

The CEO and Executive Leadership Team have been working
closely with the Government through the IGD Policy Issues
Council, FDF Presidents Committee, Food Resilience Industry
Forum and DEFRA’s Agri Food Chain Directorate to ensure a
coordinated response from the whole food industry.

Restlient business madel

Our branded growth model, which is,

based on leveraging the strength of our
market leading brands, launching insightful
new product innovation, supported with
emotionally engaging advertising and
building strategic retail partnerships —has
successfully delivered revenue growth in the
UK for the last 15 quarters.

Over the course of the year our business
model has demonstrated its resilience, as we
sought to counteract the threats presented
by the Covid-19 pandemic. Our portfolio

of brands with strong category positions
has been an important cornerstone, as
consumers turned to brands they know and
love. With a significant rise in the number
of meals eaten at home this year due to
government restrictions, households have
looked to expand their repertoire of meals
and this has resulted in more consumers
purchasing the Group's Liands (refer lu

our consumer insight report, The Kitchen
Cooking Index, on pages 10 and 11).

This has been supported with the faunch
of strong innovation linked to consumer
trends and increased marketing spend with
six of our brands on TV during the year,
including major new media campaigns for

both Ambrosia and Sharwood'’s. This has
also been aided by the resilience of our
manufacturing and logistics operations
ensuring availability of our product ranges
for our retail customers.

Akey growth area throughout this period
has been the online channel with the
major retailers who operate e-commerce
platforms. The overall market grew
significantly during this period, and the
Group's categories have all grown ahead
of this, with sales increasing by +104%.
The Group has been developing its online
capabilities over the last three years,
increasing resource in this area to ensure
maximum benefits from the growth
potential in this channel.

We have also been making progress with
our revised International strategy, which
we launched last year. Led by a new Head
of International, a switch ot resource trom
the UK to the relevant market, and a focus
‘on in-market execution. This has resulted
in revenue, at constant currency, growing
12396 (utr a 52 week basis)". In audlion,
we have signed a major new distribution
agreement with Weston Foods to sell and
market Mr Kipling in the US.

As a consequence of these factors, we have
seen a significant increase in market share
across our categories, up 70 bps in the
year and a +10.3% increase in revenue to
£934.2m (52 week basis)’.

‘A definition and r

---

he business can be found on pages 24 and 64,

Financial position

The announced segregated merger of the Group’s legacy pension
schemes, which completed at the end of June 2020, was positive
news both for the Group’s pension scheme members and the
Company, creating better financial security for its members and the
potential for a reduction in future funding requirements for

the Group.

On 5 November 2020, the Board sold its 49% interest in Hovis
Holdings to Endless LLP for £37.3m. The transaction leaves Hovis
commercially well positioned to grow under new ownership and
further strengthened the cash position of the Group.

Throughout the year, the business has continued to pursue its
successful branded growth model strategy, focusing on the delivery
of consistent and solid operational performance, continued cash
generation and commensurate debt reduction. This has led to a
significant turnaround this year in the Group's capital structure.

Over the course of 2020/21 Une Gruup lias anmiuunced four Separate redemptions totalling
£190m of its Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, due July 2022. This leaves just £20m
outstanding, generating total pro forma interest savings of nearly £10m per annum.
Additionally, we received credit ratings upgrades from S&P and Moody's during the year
which reflects recognition of the progress we have made in improving our financial position.

In February 2021, following shareholder and Court approval, we completed a restructuring
of the Company’s reserves. This will provide greater flexibility in how the Company manages
its capital resources going forward. In addition, the Group has extended its revolving credit
facility with an updated bank group and announced the proposed issue of new £300m
Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes (see page 42 for more information).

The strength of the Group's cash generation underpinned our decision in November 2020
to set a new medium-term target for Net debt/adjusted EBITDA of approximately 1.5x. At
the year end, our Net debt/aujusted CBITDA fell beluw 2.0x for the first time, with Net debt
reduced to £314.1m (pre-IFRS 16).

As a consequence of the sustained reduction in Net debt and the strong performance of the
Company's business model, | ai pleased Lu curifin Ulat, subject to sharenolder approval, the
directors have proposed a final dividend of 1.0 pence for the 53 weeks ended 3 April 2021.

Board priorities and shareholder feedback

The Board and management team remain committed to growing a business which reflects
evolving consumer trends, is driven by a focused health and sustainability agenda, and
creates value for all stakeholders.

Whilst the pandemic has meant | have not been able to meet as many of you in person
this year as | would have liked, we have listened to your feedback and questions at every
opportunity.

1am pleased to have received and discussed perspectives with a number of shareholders
who have recognised the strong progress we have made over the last year. The foundations
on which we have delivered this progress will be crucial as we look forward to the next
stage in the Group's development.

On behalf of the whole Board, | would like to conclude by thanking all colleagues, suppliers,
partners, customers and consumers for their unwavering commitment and resilience during
what | know has been a truly extraordinary and unprecedented year for our industry.

As Chairman, | feel confident that we are now moving into a new phase of our development
and can look forward to continued growth and new strategic opportunities in the year ahead

Colin Day
Chairman

19 May 2021

STRATEGIC REPORT

 T0/
23.9°/0
Increase in adjusted
profit before tax to

£115.3m (52 week
basis]

49 OO0/
+119 Zo
Increase in Trading
profit to £148.3m (52
week basis]

See page 16 for mare information on

our ESG Strateg)

A definition and
GAAP my

tout on p:

Premier Foods ple

Chief Executive’s review

The business is in a much stronger position than at any time in well over a decade and
lam delighted that, as a result of this transformation, we are now able to reinstate

dividend payments.”

Alex Whitehouse
Chief Executive Officer

An unprecedented year

For most of us, the last year will be remembered as the bleakest and
most worrying in our recent history; being separated from our friends
and family, learning to live our lives in a very different way, and for
many, coping with sickness and loss.

In the face of this crisis our business has proven incredibly resilient,
with our colleagues demonstrating great resolve in meeting the
unprecedented levels of consumer demand for our products, whilst at
the same time adopting strict new Covid-safe ways of working.

Throughout the year, we continued to execute our branded growth
model strategy which again delivered growth that was ahead of that
of our categories, and consequently increased our market share.
This strong performance helped generate accelerated free cash flow
and along with the sale of our minority share in the Hovis business,
facilitated a reduction in Net debt of £94.0m (on a pre-IFRS basis) to
1.9x adjusted EBITDA. As a result, we have set a new medium-term
goal of 1.5x Net debt to adjusted EBITDA.

Doing our bit to feed the nation

Nothing has been more important to us this year than people's safety.
Throughout the pandemic, we followed three guiding principles; firstly,
to protect our colleagues’ health and well-being, secondly, to play

‘our part in providing food to the nation during a time of difficulty and
finally, to protect our business for the medium term.

The resilience of our business has in part been due to the speed with
which we acted to protect our people, operations and supply chain.
Access to our factories has been strictly controlled since the start of the
pandemic and we have continuously applied a series of strict Covid-
safe principles for both site and office working.

At the same time, the attitude of our team members has been
remarkable. Colleagues have made mammoth efforts to keep up with
the elevated levels of demand. Our ability to continue supplying food
to keep the shelves stocked has been enormously aided by our strong
supply chain partnerships at one side, and close strategic relationships
with our customers at the other.

The pandemic touched so many different parts of our business and our
colleagues went to extraordinary lengths to play their part in getting
food to the nation’s tables, | want to thank each and every one of them
for their commitment and dedication.

Importantly, as well as keeping our sites and factories fully operational,
we also supported the

---

early £10m.

In addition, at the start of the year we entered into a landmark agreement with the trustees
of our legacy pension schemes, this provides a more secure funding future for our pensioners
as well as the prospect of significantly reduced funding requirements from the Group.

As a consequence, the business is in a much stronger position than at any time in well
over a decade and is now a very different business. | am delighted that, as a result of this

transformation, and with Net debt now down at 1.9x adjusted EBITDA, we are now able to
reinstate dividend payments which, subject to shareholder approval, will commence from
30 July 2021.

in summary

This has been an unprecedented year and | want to reiterate my enormous thanks to our
incredible team. Together we have kept each other safe, we have played an important part
in feeding the nation and we have repositioned our business for what | believe is going to
be a very exciting future. Premier Foods is entering a new chapter, one where the focus is
‘on expanding the business; using our skills in building and growing brands to enter new
categories in the UK and to scale up our overseas businesses, whilst exploring opportunities
for appropriate bolt-on acquisitions.

Alex Whitehouse
Chief Executive Officer

19 May 2021

STRATEGIC REPORT

i
0
Reduction in Net

debt to £314.1m
(pre-IFRS 16 basis}

ered
D)

whe

OOQ0/
+O Yo

Increase in
International
revenue [at constant
currency]

See page 10 for more information
on our consumer insights report, the:

P: 6 to 45 for more
information on our operating and

financial review

inition and reconciliation of non.
AP measu eported meas

ut on pag

aI Net ¢

ince public

premi

Premier Foods ple
Anowat Report forthe 53 weeks:

ended 3 April 2024

over OU
innovative better-for-
you products

WAUA
PL /o
of our total packaging
recyclable

{!
4,

100%

cage-free eggs

More than

£800,000

raised for our tharity
partners

100%

RSPO certified
palm oil

42.7%

decrease in CO
emissions [against
our 2008 baseline]

STRATEGIC REPORT

21\

apprentices and
81 graduates trained

9 Yo
reduction in water

usage (compared to
our 2007 baseline)

Premier Foods pic
www. premierfoods.co.uk

How we are a responsible business

Working towards the UN SDGs a sustainable world, a world where all

Adopted by the United Nations in 2015, People can live productive, vibrant
the 17 Sustainable Development Goals 24 Peaceful lives on a healthy planet

are a universal call to governments, by 2030.

businesses and civil society alike to Our ESG strategy identifies which of the
shift the world onto a sustainable and UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN
resilient path. Everyone has a role to SDGs) we can have an impact on:

play in achieving shared prosperity in

CJ ror more information, please visit:
sustainabledevelopment.un.org

Our KPIs:

Climate action

+ Achieve a 55% absolute reduction in CO, emissions by 2025 against a 1990
baseline.

* Contribute to an industry-wide target to reduce water use by 25% by 2020
compared to 2007.

‘+ Maintain sending zero waste to tandfill and monitor, report and reduce our
food waste as part of our commitment to Courtauld 2025.

‘* Increase food waste redistribution to over 750 tonnes per annum by 2020.

Packaging

Building on our UK Plastics Pact commitments, we aim to embed
environmentally sustainable packaging across our portfolio, engage
with our supply chain to explore more sustainable solutions for our
packaging innovation and educate consumers and customers by
providing clarity on disposal options to foster a circular economy for
plastics:

+ 100% of our plastic packaging ta be recyclable, reusable or compostable by
2025 and continue eliminating problematic plastic.

* Increase the use of recycled plastic content and help create a market-pull
for recycled polymers.

* Clearly and transparently label our products, in compliance with OPRL
(On Pack Recycling Labelling) guidelines.

woe"

Our KPIs:
Drive sustainable raw material Drive high ethical and compliance
+ Maintain 100% Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oi] ~~ Standards across the supply chain
{RSPO) sustainable paim oil. ‘* Ensure 85% of direct suppliers (by spend) are signed
* Source 100% of Round Table on Responsible Soy up to Sedex (Supplier Ethical Data Exchange platform).
(RTRS) sustainable soya by 2025. © Use Sedex risk assessment toals ta identify suppliers
* Maintain and improve high animal welfare standards, —_gperating in high-risk environments,
measured against the Business Benchmark on Farm «Drive even higher levels of Health and Safety
Animal Welfare (BBFAW) ~a global industry animal standards across co-manufacturers, logistics sites and
welfare benchmark. ‘onsite’ suppliers.
* Maintain high food safety levels and compliance at all
of our sites.

Premier Foods ple
Annual Report for the 53 weeks ended 3 April 2022

STRATEGIC REPORT

Frcemg Our KPls:
uy Extend our range of healthier choices: Enhance the nutrition profile of our existing core range:
‘+ By 2025, every core range will include at feast * Continue to work with Government to implement the Childhood Obesity Plan

one better-for-you option {for example: reduced/ _and reformulation programmes (targeting salt, sugar and calorie reductions).

no added sugar reduced salt low infat,low in coll h
calories, a wholegrain alternative to white, or Educate our consumers and colleagues on the

free from key allergens). nutrition choices they are making to encourage
* From 2019, introduce at least one new range healthier eating:

each year that enables consumers to improve
their diet by eating more vegetables, protein or
fibre, or detivering products that are fortified
for greater nutrition.

* Continue to use clear and transparent labelling
across our portfolio to help consumers easily
understand their nutrition choices.

* Extend our Healthy Eating in the
Workplace programme across
all our sites by 2021.

Our KPIs:

* Support and develop graduates and apprentices to progress their career with us.
: * Provide extensive training opportunities to our colleagues via online platforms.
: * Promote our industry through collaboration with the (GO.

: * Monitor and report on 1&0 to understand and remove potential blocks.
* Deliver face-to-face training and ongoing support to all leaders within our
7 business.

* Provide awareness training to all colleagues by the end of 2023.

* Embed a culture of risk prevention at all sites with our ‘Be Safe’ and Total
Observation Process (TOP) health and safety programmes.

* Deliver annual Health and Well-being plans at our sites aligned to the top three