(Cremer

FOODS

a im ith

2 10772028 #249
COMPANIES HOUSE _.

Creating value.
through our brands

Premier Foods pic Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 March 2026
Company number: 05160050

STRATEGIC REPORT
Overview

Highlights

About Premier Foods

Our ingredients

Our strategy

Our strategy in action

Our Branded Growth Model
Consumer trends and opportunities
Why invest in Premier Foods?
Group Chair's statement
Chief Executive's review

Our purpose, leadership behaviours
and culture

Key performance indicators (‘KPIs’)
Operating and financial review
The Enriching Life Plan

Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures

Risk management
Viability statement

GOVERNANCE
Governance at a glance
Board of directors
Governance overview

Stakeholder engagement and
Section 172(1) statement

Nomination Committee report
Audit Committee report
Directors’ remuneration report
Other statutory information

Statement of directors’ responsibilities
in respect of the financial statements

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
Independent auditors’ report to
the members of Premier Foods plc

Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Company financial statements

Notes to the Company
financial statements

Enriching Life Plan disclosure tables
Alternative Performance Measures glossary
Additional information

Find us online at
www.premierfoods.co.uk

Premier Foods plc | Annual Report for the $2 weeks ended 28 March 2026

Creating value through
our brands

Our well-loved and market-leading
brands are at the heart of our
business. We nurture, develop and
build our brand portfolio, leveraging
our proven Branded Growth Model,
creating product ranges relevant to
today’s consumer and so delivering
sustainable value for shareholders

v7

(strategic) Governance — Financials —— O1

°

enriching life
THROUGH FOOD

As one of the UK’s largest food
businesses, we’re passionate about
food and believe that each and every
day we have the opportunity to enrich
life for everyone.

Continued delivery against our
growth strategy

This has been another year of strong
earnings progression, driven by profitable
branded revenue growth.

Financial

We have delivered another strong set of financial results, with
branded revenue up 3.4% (at constant currency) and Trading
profit up 6.7%, as we once again increased our market share.
This demonstrates the strength of our Branded Growth Model,
which continues to deliver sales growth through new product
development ('NPO’), engaging consumer marketing investment
and excellent instore execution. Underlying cash generation
remained strong and has meant we have been able to reduce
our Net debt again this year, even after acquiring the Merchant
Gourmet business. We are also continuing with our progressive
dividend policy, increasing our final dividend by 20%.

For more information, see the Chief Executive’s review
‘on pages 20 and 21

Strategic

We have continued to make good strategic progress against
our growth strategy. Our strong pipeline of product innovation
saw the launch of new products including Mr Kipling cake

bite tubs, OXO bone broth and Angel Delight bubble jelly. We
accelerated capital investment in our supply chain, with projects
to improve automation, increase efficiency and enable growth
through NPD. New Categories delivered revenue growth of

37% led by the success of FUELIOK yogurt and granola, and
strategic progress overseas, with new listings in North America
and Europe and market share gains in Australia. In addition, we
completed the acquisition of Merchant Gourmet in September
2025, the premium, healthy, convenient meals brand, which is
already seeing the benefits of our Branded Growth Model, with
increased distribution and in-store display with major retailers.

For more information, see our strategy
‘on pages 08 and 09

Sustainability

At the same time, we have made important strides in achieving
our ambitions under the three strategic pillars of our Enriching Life
Plan ~ Product, Planet and People. Sales of non-HFSS (not high in fat,
salt or sugar) products grew 16%, these products meet the healthy
eating guidance as defined by the Government. Scope 1 & 2 market-
based emissions (see page 60 for a definition) have reduced by

14%, 97% of our packaging is now recyclable, and we donated the
equivalent of more than 1 million meals to food insecurity charities.

See our Enriching Life Plan, for more information
on our progress on pages 34 to 49

Highlights

£1,175.2m £200.4m

Headline revenue™* +25% * Trading profit???

(Fasis £1,175.2m) (Fvas/26

£181.9m

Profit before tax +128% Final dividend

FY25/26 £181.9m (Fras/ae 3.36p
Cz

15.8p

Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio* Adjusted EPS

FY2S/26 004% |
mayen) 0.7%

® Further analysis of our performance
Y/ can be found on pages 18 to 21

+ Adefinition of Alternative Performance Meacures and a reconciliation between headline and statutory measures
are provided in the appendices on pages 31 to 33,
2 Headline revenue in FY24/25 excludes the performance of the Charnwood site and Headhine revenue for F¥25/26 is
/23 Trading proiit is stated including software amortisation, the prior period comparatwes have been
re-stated accordingly

GREE Gre S roe <=
:

Wiztwads

We ere 6 consumer tastehitied exgantzetion, driving long-term end eustemetotte crencheldiar valee taxaugn
ow Gendad Grom Made), whitch inftarms wher we do and how we eparEte. We ere proud to fe Grititsin,
Guployng ever 4000 peeple epareting trem 18 tecetions cars the UX, supplying 6 ange of austomas

wiih eur taontc trends witteh feeture tn anilhons of hemes every dey,

Our business model

01. Developing and building great brands
our business model. We produce a wide range

the key trends of health and nutrition, convenience and on-the-go, and premium

\ding of our consumers, based around insights on how they shop, how they cook and
ther with our knowledge of new and emerging food trends, to develop and lauac!
ww and develop our existing portfolio of brands.

RR ee

02. Sourcing

We are committed to
producing high-quality food
thal ts sourced in a fair
ethical and environmentally
responsible way.

03. Manufacturing

Our strong manufacturing
pabilities allow us to
efficiently create a diverse
range of high-quality products,
while maintaining our leading

04. Supplying

We operate a centralised
distribution hub delivering
across the UK and to
international markets.

We operate a multiformat,
multichannel approach

to serve a broad range of
with suppliers which deliver This is all underpinned ing major.
benefit for both parties, while dedicated and experienced markets, discounter:

uring Lugetlir wo reduce Our worklorce, commerce channels,
environmental impact.

standarrls of safety, both for our

We develop iong-term
fe develop long food and our colleagues

sustainable partnerships

g Life Plan :
|, social and governance ('ESG’) strategy, known as our Enriching: fella
rythiny uuch, trom the products we make to the ingrediéntsjwegsource)
2 com*musities we operate in. With our purpose - Enriching Life Throughipooomaedtey
heart, our plan highlights our commit: sustain food systein: ty

See pages 34 to 49
QW for more information

04

Premier Foods ple | Annual Report for the $2 weeks ended 28 March 2026

About Premier Food centines

Our competitive
advantage — Our
Branded Growth Model

01

Leading brand
positions

Insight driven
new products

Sustained marketing
investment

Retailer
partnerships

See pages 14 and 15,
for more information

ae

Our categories

Categories Brands

Flavourings &

Seasonings

Ruck & Easy om ty ves fl oa 36%
Ambient Desserts #1 : 41%
Global Cuisines ess LOYD tome © #1 14%
pecs ED 2 12%
Ambient Cakes as 20%

Source: Category position and market share, Circana 52 weeks ended 28 March 2026,

+ Reported categories comprise on-the-go breakfast pots and drinks, cereal granola and hot cereal
porridge sachets

The impact we make

Our business model continues to deliver strong and sustainable growth, providing
value for our stakeholders

Shareholders

104%

Total Shareholder Return
over the last 5 years.

Customers

+4.7%

growth in customer
distribution points.

Consumers

90%
of (IK households

purchased at least one of
our products last year.

Colleagues Communities

89%
of our colleagues believe

they are trusted to do
their job.

Suppliers

78%

of our third-party
spend is with UK-based
suppliers.

im

over one million
equivalent meals
provided to food
insecurity charities.

‘www. premierfoods.co.uk

05

Where we operate in the UK

Key

© Grocery factories

@ Sweet treats factories
Distribution centre

© central and corporate services

Moreton
Cadbury cakes

Lifton

Ambrosia,
Angel Delight, Bird's

{( Strategic }- Governance — Financials

Carlton
Mr Kipling

Worksop
Batchelors, Bisto, Homepride,
Loyd Grossman, OXO, Saxa,

Sharwood’s

Stoke
Mr Kipling

Ashford
Angel Delight,
Batchelors, Bird's,
Bisto, Marvel,
Paxo, Smash

Andover Mill
Be-Ro,

McDougalls

Strategic partnerships

Nissin

We entered into a co-operation agreement with Nissin Foods
Holdings Co., Ltd (‘Nissin’) in 2016. Since inception, we have
launched Batchelors Super Noodles in a pot, using Nissin’s leading
noodle technology and manufacturing expertise. We also took on
distribution of Nissin’s Cup Noodles, Soba Cups, Soba Noodle Bags
and Demae Ramen ranges to grow sales significantly, and have
launched innovation into the UK with Soba Protein along with new
flavours and pack formats. This has resulted in Nissin becoming the
UK's #1 brand in Authentic Instant Snacks.

Mondeléz International

In 2024, we signed a new global licence agreement with
Mondelez International to renew the Group's long-standing
relationship with the Cadbury brand. The partnership covers
the production and marketing of Cadbury branded cake,

as well as home baking and ambient dessert products. The
licence also covers multiple countries and has the potential to
use a range of Cadbury brands in ambient cake.

MNS

+B enc RO™?..

Premiesro0ds plc Pannual Report route s2uveckuended 76 Vaich2020

made fron quailty

Sharwood's,
Homepride

Sharwood's, The Spice Tailor a
sauces, meal kits, pastes, chul

Wholegrain oats

Richardson Milling UK has been producing
British oats at its mill in Bedford since

the 1980s. With the majority of their oats
sourced directly from trusted local producers
within a 60-mile radius, they have been
supplying our Ambrosia Creamery in Lifton in
Devon with high-quality wholegrain oats, to
be used in our delicious Ambrosia ready-to-

eat porridge pots.

With over four decades of experience, Richardson
Milling is recognised for its expertise in oat milling and

its commitment to quality. The firm partners with local
growers and a network of grain merchants to source
premium oats, operating best-in-class oat milling facilities
to ensure fresh, whole ingredients for our products.

The on-farm innovation programme at Richardson
Milling, led by an in-house agronomist—an expert in
crop production and soil management — highlights their
commitment to secure a resilient, high-quality supply
of British oats. Through annual trials focused on oat
variety development, szed rate, nitrogen efficiency

and regenerative techniques, the programme supports
continuous improvement in crop performance and
environmental outcomes.

Proudly supplying some of the
world’s most recognised and trusted food
brands, our commitment to excellence
extends throughout the supply chain. Our
partnership with Premier Foods reflects
this dedication by providing high-quality,
real whole oats that support their
commitment to producing great-tasting
porridge.”

Brin Hughes, Agronomist. 2icharasar *.

08

Our strategy

Our growth strategy is based on
five strategic pillars to deliver
sustainable long-term growth,
fund investment behind our
brands and provide value for our
stakeholders.

While we will continue to grow our core
UK business, we also focus on a number

of areas that we believe have the ability to
deliver additional growth

What this means

A vibrant and growing UK business
provides the foundation for broader
expansion.

Progress this year

Our Branded Growth Model is at the
heart of what we do. Leveraging our
leading category positions, we launch
new products to market, linked to key
consumer trends, supported by sustained
levels of marketing investment and
delivered through strong customer/
retailer partnerships,

We have delivered a particularly
comprehensive innovation programme
‘over the past year. The Mr Kipling brand
was a major driver of new products,
including a range of cake bite tubs for
sharing occasions, Breakfast Bakes for
those eating breakfast on-the-go and
Lunchbox Slices which are less than 100
calories and classified as non-high in fat,
salt and sugar. Other new products we
launched included OXO bone broth, Bisto
ready to use gravy and Angel Delight
bubble jelly.

‘We continue to prioritise investment behind
our brands and are continuing to evolve our
marketing strategy to add more outdoor
media and social media activity alongside
traditional TV and radio advertising,
ensuring we target all demographics
effectively, while building emotional
connections with consumers. We also
continued to deliver outstanding in-store
execution in collaboration with our retail
partners, and increasing distribution points.

Future priorities

Our focus on product innovation plans
for next year includes Loyd Grossman
premium sauce kits, Ambrosia custard
pouches, Mr Kipling Birthday slices and
Merchant Gourmet baked beans.

+3.7%

UK branded revenue growth
(at constant currency)

Premier Foods ple | Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 March 2026

Supply chain
investment

What this means

Investing across our supply chain enables
us to enhance efficiency and automation
across our manufacturing operations, We
also allocate investment to manufacture
new products from our innovation
programme and to enhance the safety
and working conditions of our colleagues.

Progress this year

We increased capital investment

to £51.9m, a 25% increase on last.

year and the third successive year of
increasing investment. During FY25/26,
we completed the installation of anew
four-pack filling and packing line at

our Lifton site. We also installed new
equipment on one of our pie lines at
Stoke to deliver a four-pack format, and
commenced work on enhancing another
cake line to increase product flexibility. At
‘our Worksop Grocery site, we upgraded
the boilers which delivered improved
energy efficiency, Such projects are prime
examples of improving efficiencies, so
enhancing gross margins and delivering
attractive financial paybacks.

Through improving our underlying
margins, these projects provide funds for
reinvestment in our brands, whether it
be TV or digital advertising. This in turn
serves to strengthen our brand equity and
provides the platform for further growth
over the medium term,

Future pi ies
We plan to spend £55m-£60m in capital
expenditure in FY26/27.

This includes a major investment at our
Worksop site, significantly expanding
‘our cooking sauces capacity and also
additional plant capacity for Ambrosia at
our Lifton site.

£51.9m

Capital investment, up 25%

Strategic )— Governance — * Financials

09

————_ www premierfoods.co.uk

Mnew;categories)

{Buildlinternational]
ibusinessesjwith\criticallmass)

What this means

Many of our brands are leaders in their
categories, with strong brand equity. We
leverage this strength, and our proven
Branded Growth Model, by launching into
new, adjacent, product categories.

Progress this year

We delivered further strategic progress in
FY25/26, growing new category revenues
by 37%. Ambrosia porridge pots have
become an established and popular

offer in the breakfast category, with

wide retailer distribution and a range of
product variants.

This year, we launched FUELIOK yogurt &
granola pots, entering the chilled category
for the first time, and expanding our
presence in the wider breakfast category.

Cape Herb & Spice, the brand that livens
up many dishes with its broad range

of seasonings, has also grown revenue
strongly again this year, due to increasing
its distribution with our customers, brand
support and launching new flavours,
resulting in market share gains. The brand
has great versatility across multiple eating
‘occasions and its growing popularity has
resulted in progressive revenue growth
over the last three years.

Future priorities

We expect to build further retailer
distribution of FUELLOK yogurt & granola
pots during the coming year.

We continue to explore opportunities for
‘our brands to launch into new categories
aligned with key consumer trends. This
includes extending the Ambrosia porridge
range to incorporate a six-pack format for
the discounter channel.

+37%

New categories revenue growth

What this means

Building sustainable overseas business
units with critical mass, by applying our
brand-building capabilities and applying
them to focus on overseas markets
including Australasia, North America and
Europe.

Progress this year

The brands we are focusing on to deliver
growth overseas are Mr Kipling, Sharwood's,
The Spice Tailor and now also FUELIOK.

In Australia, we delivered market share gains
for both Cake and Indian cooking sauces in
FY25/26. We continue to successfully deploy
our Branded Growth Model in Australia,
including activity such as mainstream TV
advertising for The Spice Tailor, coupled with
the launch of bigger pack versions, perfect
for families or entertaining. However,
revenue in Australia was impacted by
reduced buffer stocks held by retailers, and
resulted in international revenue being 1.8%
lower than last year.

In North America, we launched Mr Kipling
Apple Pies in the US and Canada this year,
accentuating the Britishness of the brand
and also expanded distribution of The
Spice Tailor to more retailers.

In Europe, we launched FUEL10K granola
products into seven countries for the first
time this year and expanded distribution of
Sharwood's cooking sauces.

Overall, our international business
delivered revenue of £50.4m in the year
{at constant currency).

Future priorities

‘We plan to leverage the international
‘opportunity that the FUELIOK granola
range presents, across a range of
geographies, initially in Europe.

We will continue to drive further
distribution of Cake in North America,
focusing on the Mr Kipling product ranges
of fruit pies and cake slices.

£50.4m

International revenue
(at constant currency)

What this means

We continue to look for branded
acquisitions where we believe we can
drive significant value through leveraging
our Branded Growth Model

Progress this year

This year, we acquired our third brand,
Merchant Gourmet, a premium, healthy,
convenient meals business. This addition
builds on our previously acquired brands,
The Spice Tailor and FUELIOK and is highly
complementary to our portfolio.

We continue to apply a comprehensive
and rigorous approach in searching the
market for suitable opportunities that
have the potential to deliver value to the
Group, through applying elements of our
Branded Growth Model

This year, FUELIOK delivered strong
revenue growth, as it launched a range of
new products together with the continued
success of its core granola range. In
FY25/26, new product launches included
a protein enriched ready to eat porridge
pot and the chilled yogurt & granola pots
mentioned in the New Categories section
opposite. The Spice Tailor also grew
revenues and market share, and this was
supported by new launches of Pad Thai
Noodles and Punjabi Masala Poppadoms.

Both The Spice Tailor and FUELI0K have
benefitted from social media marketing,

as we evolve our marketing strategies to
ensure we are communicating effectively
to all demograp!

Future priorities

We will continue to explore opportunities
to acquire brands where we believe

we can add value through our Branded
Growth Model. We apply strict financial
discipline in our ongoing search for
potential assets to own and are very
particular in terms of the choice of brands
‘we will consider, in line with the approach
taken with all our acquisitions to date.

Double-digit
growth

from all three acquired brands

10 ——— Premier Foods ple | Annual Report foutin

Our strategy in action

Inorganic opportunities: Merchant Gourmet

We acquired Merchant Gourmet, a premium, healthy, convenient
meals brand this year, continuing our strategy of acquiring brands
that are complementary to our portfolio and where we can add
value through leveraging our proven Branded Growth Model
Merchant Gourmet champions w

using high quality ingredients to

products

better for you

SOURCE OF
PROTEIN }*