Premier Foods pic

‘Original
a

+

, *A9DG1PQH* ,
A08 12/09/2020 #282 |
COMPANIES HOUSE
$<

Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 March 2020

anx
SATURDAY

Highlights

Financial and Operational

- - — r 4
Group revenue (£m) Trading profit’ (£m) | Profit/(loss) before tax (£m)
!
a
° 3
s
a
|
2016/17 2017/18 zolers 2018/20 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20
—— tL a — ——
Net debt? (£m) NPD as a % Branded revenue® Total CO, emissions (tCO,e)
\
{
{
; i
2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20 2018/19 2019/20 |
J

Strategic review
concluded with landmark
pension agreement

6.5%

of branded revenue
generated from new
product developme
(‘NPD’)

+2.8%

Group revenue up
+2.8% to £847.1m

+5.4%

Adjusted earnings per
share' up +5.4% fram
8.5p to 8.9p

11

consecutive quarters
of UK growth, fuelled
by our-successful
innovation strategy

20%

Net debt to adjusted
EBITDA ratio' reduced
from 3.2x to 2.7x

* A definition and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to reported measure is set out on page 37.
? Net debt is on an adjusted and pre-FAS 16 basis as defined on page 37.
2 New product development (NPO) is UK sales from new products launched by the Group in the last three years.

po9g
—>

p11
—

“Strategic review
now concluded, with

landmark pension
agreement.”

Colin Day
Chairman

“The last financial year
has been one of great
progress for the Group.”

Alex Whitehouse
Chief Executive Officer

Our strategy and branded growth model

Operating and
financial revigu

Co]

Strategic Report 01
Contents
Strategic Report
Our strategy and branded growth model 02
About Premier Foods 08
Chairman's statement 09
Our purpose and values 10
Chief Executive's review W
Being a responsible business 12
Key performance indicators 28
Operating and financial review 30
Risk management 38
Governance
Board of directors 44
Governance overview 46
Nomination Committee report 53
Audit Committee report 54
Directors’ Remuneration report 56
Other statutory information 78
Statement of directors’ responsibilities 81
Financial Statements
Independent audilun"s reyuil 82
Consolidated financial statements 92
Notes to the consolidated
financial statements 97
Company financial slalernents 136
Notes to the Company
financial statements 138
Additional information 144

p38

Risk management

www.premiertoods.co.uk

02

Strategic Report

¢ Sustained marketing
investment.

* Collaborative retail
partnerships.

¢ International markets
expansion.

« Leading brand positions.
¢ Insight driven innovation.

Our branded growth strategy continues to deliver and enables
us to reduce net debt consistently.

* Lean SG&A cost base.
* Operational Excellence.
* Capital projects.

¢ Agility, pace & energy.

Our strategy

g

Tight focus on Capex.
Disciplined working capital
management.

Options for cash
deployment in short and
medium term.

Strategic Report

Our branales orbeotth rorlel

Leading brand positions

We have some of the nation's favourite food brands,

with leading positions in their respective categories.

q

Innovation that meets
consumers’ needs

Robust innovation programme, underpinned by key
consumer trends and strong consumer insights at
the heart.

Engaging marketing

Emotionally engaging advertising, that is proven to
deliver industry leading return on investment (RO)).

ey

Strong customer
partnerships

Working closely with our retail partners to deliver
excellent in-store execution and category growth.

www.premiertoods.ccy

leading Brith brand

Strong market shares and high household penetration.
Category Our brands Position
om @ He
oe oS"
Ambient Desserts ‘pottroy,

Cooking Sauces SSEE LOYD yoru,

& Accompaniments GROSSMAN

‘Ambient Cakes Kobngl ||

‘Sources: Category position and market share: IR! 52 w/e 28 March 2020;
Penetration: Kantar Worldpanel 52 w/e 22 March 2020

Penetration

© @
© @
@Q @
@Q @
QO @

®O®OO®O®

@

S

oo

Strong innovation programme built on an in-depth understanding of consumer trends, which
allows us to develop better solutions for consumers and to drive category growth.

Five key consumer trends we focus on NPD as a % of branded revenue
Continuing to grow NPD as a proportion of revenue.

6.5%
| (1) Health and nutrition

4.4%

(2) Convenience

3.2%
25%
i
(3) Snacking and on-the-go

20145 2015/16 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20

(4) Indulgence {

New product development (NPD) is UK sales from new products.
launched by the Group in the fast three years.

(5) Packaging sustainability

‘ eewepremiertoods.co.uk

Doubling of media investment year-on-year, including support for four of our
biggest brands with emotionally engaging advertising proven to drive strong ROI.

4
GE ‘S

Strong customer partnershies

Leveraging our significant scale with the flexibility of a local manufacturer, we work
closely with our customers to deliver excellent in-store execution and category growth.

harwiods
oD

Co-catin
Goreraeting tana
Sees EGER GaaeliN

Broppeqnecds) cate Gramm

08

Strategic Report

About Premier Foods

As one of Britain’s biggest listed food companies we're
committed to the UK, employing over 4,000 dedicated
colleagues at 16 manufacturing sites and offices up and
down the country. Around 97% of what we sell is made in
the UK from quality ingredients, wherever we can sourced
sustainably from British suppliers and farmers.

We operate primarily in the ambient food
sector which continues to be the largest
sector within the total UK grocery market!.
‘We operate in four key Grocery categories:
Flavourings & Seasonings; Quick Meals,
Snacks & Soups; Ambient Desserts and
Cooking Sauces & Accompaniments. Within
Sweet Treats we operate in the Ambient
Cakes category.

In addition, the Group has a porttolio of

other branded food products and a non-
branded food business which manufactures
products, such as cakes and desserts, on
behalf of many of the UK's leading food
retailers. Our Knighton Foods (‘Knighton’)
business manufactures and sells non-branded
Powdered beverages and dessert products.

Expanding in international markets
Our consumer research demonstrates

that there are clear opportunities for our
brands outside the UK. We have significant
businesses in Ireland and Australia with
established relationships with the major

food retailers, Our Australian business has
expanded significantly over the past four
years, driven by Cadbury and Mr Kipling cakes
and Sharwood's sauces. Our International
business accounts for over 5% of Group
revenue. Over the course of the year we have
introduced a new strategy for the International
business in order to build sustainable growth,
maximising the potential in markets where we
have a strong foundation and taking a more
focused approach to new market entry.

Strategic partnerships

Nissin

Since we entered into a co-operation
agreement with Nissin Foods Holdings

Co., Ltd (‘Nissin’) in 2016, we've launched
Batchelors Super Noodles in a new pot format
using Nissin’s leading noodle technology

and manufacturing expertise, Since taking

on distribution of Nissin's Soba noodles and
Cup Noodle brands in the UK we have seen

a continued strong performance, with sales

in the year up +88%. The Nissin range now
has a market share of 6.0% in the Pot Snacks
category, making it the leading authentic brand
of noodle pots in the UK market.

Premier Foods ple Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 March 2020

Mondeléz International

In 2017, we signed a new strategic global
partnership with Mondeléz International to
renew the Company's long-standing licence to
produce and market Cadbury branded cake,
as well as home baking and ambient dessert
products. The new partnership will run until

at least 2022, with the right to a three-year
extension to take it to 2025 (subject to a sales
threshold). The agreement is also expanded
to cover 46 countries, including South Africa,
‘Canada and Japan, and has the potential

to use the full range of Cadbury brands in
ambient cake,

Customers

Our key customers are the major UK
supermarkets but we also serve a wide range
of other channels, including discounters,
convenience stores, online, wholesale and
foodservice.

UK Grocery channel value?
BB Hypermarkets: £16.3bn

Di Supermarkets: £80.0bn

CD Convenience: £41.4bn

Hi Discounters: £24.5bn

Wi Online: £11.6bn

Bi Other: £9.8bn

& UK Grocery

channel value*

* Kantar Worldpane! Contextual Grocery Report for
the 52 weeks to 22 March 2020,

2 Institute of Grocery Distribution, UK Grocery
June 2019,

Chairman’s statement

—>

“We have a new management team and
structure, with a clear strategy, intently
focused and able to deliver sustainable,
profitable growth and value for our
shareholders.”

—

Colin Day
Chairman

Introduction

In taking on the role as Chairman of Premier Foods, | was cognisant of
the Company's history and the pressures faced, primarily by its capital
structure. Notwithstanding this, | also recognised the strength of the
brands and the solid underlying trading performance.

As | compose this statement, we have a new management team and
structure, with a clear strategy, intently focused and able to deliver
sustainable, profitable growth and value for our shareholders as
evidenced by the results for the full year ended 28 March 2020. Revenue
reached £847. 1m, an increase of +2.8%, and adjusted profit before tax
increased to £93.3m. Importantly, the Group has reduced Net debt by
£61.8m to £408.1m, comfortably lowering our Net debt to EBITDA ratio,
beneath our target of 3.0x, to 2.7x. This places the results, in terms of
both profit and cash generation, and, therefore, Net debt reduction, at
the top end of expectations, providing further evidence that Premier
Foods is delivering consistent value from our operational strategy.

Board changes

‘There are a number of changes to report at Board level. Keith Hamill
retired as Chairman in July 2019 and Alastair Murray, following six years
in the business as CFO and, latterly, as Acting CEO, stepped down in
August 2019, | would like to thank them both for their contributions,
especially that of Alastair for his long tenure.

As outlined above, the Board took the opportunity to formulate a new
team and, following external search processes, was pleased to make
two internal promotions. Alax Whitehouse, previously UK Managing
Director, was appointed CEO in August 2019, and acting CFO Duncan
Leggett, was appointed to the role permanently in December 2019.

Alex had been with the business for six years, leading the successful
turnaround of the UK business. Duncan Leggett was previously Group
Financial Controller and Corporate Development Director, with eight
years’ service, and brings extensive technical knowledge and experience
of the business to the Executive Leadership Team (ELT).

In May 2019, non-executive directors (NEDs) Richard Hodgson and Pam
Powell, were appointed Senior Independent Director and Remuneration
Committee Chair respectively, In addition, Pam has accepted my invitation
to become Workforce NED and facilitate two-way communication
between the Board and employee forums.

As outlined at the time of my appointment, we intended to strengthen the
Board with two further independent NEDs. | am therefore pleased that
Tim Elliott and Helen Jones agreed to join the Board with effect from 15
May 2020.

Co)

09

Strategic Report

Strategic review outcome and Board priorities
Following extensive discussions with all stakeholders, the strategic
review concluded with the announcement of a segregated merger

of the Company's three Defined Benefit pension schemes - bringing
them together under one trust. This will unlock benefits and value

for all pension scheme members and has the potential to reduce

the Company's deficit cash contributions in future years, significantly
improving the Group's fiscal structure. Further information regarding the
segregated merger can be found in the Operating and financial review
on page 35.

Now that the strategic review has concluded, the Company will continue
to pursue its successful branded growth model strategy, focusing on
the delivery of consistent and solid operational performance, continued
cash generation and commensurate debt reduction. The Board and
management are committed to growing a business which reflects
developing consumer trends and modem living, driven by a focused
health and sustainability agenda, delivering further opportunities for
value for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

External influences

Our business, like many in our industry, will need to wait to see how
trade deals between the UK and EU progress on exit arrangements
in the coming months. We have, of course, prepared for a no-deal
scenario many times, but await clarity before further reviewing our
options and finalising our plan for the end of the transition period.

‘Towards the end of our financial year, the UK entered an unprecedented
lockdown due to the coronavirus outbreak, a challenging time during
which many have lost family members. The Government identified the
food and drink industry as critical to remain operational, ensuring the
continuous supply of food to keep customers’ shelves stocked and the
nation fed.

‘The Group's product ranges experienced exceptional demand during
March and into Q1, and | would like to thank colleagues across

‘our manufacturing, distribution and office sites for their outstanding
commitment and resilience.

Conclusion

In my first 10 months as Chairman of Premier Foods, | have been
‘encouraged by the great energy, passion and pride our colleagues
display for our stable of much-loved iconic brands and the way they
value the strong working relationships with our business partners,
suppliers and customers. This is paramount for our collective growth
and success, so | would like to thank them all for their continued
support.

‘As we look forward together, to another year of trading, I'm confident
that, with our consistent track record of Net debt reduction and solid
growth, we are well positioned to deliver value for the year ahead.

Colin Day
Chairman
24 June 2020

[ETE] Read more about our new

Read more in our Governance
Pension agreement on page 35 EB)

section on pages 44 to 81

www.premiertoods.co.uk

Mt OMmmstrategictReport

Our purpose and values

Our purpose

We create the food the nation
loves most for modern life.

Our purpose reminds us what we're here to do - create great food our consumers love, food that is tasty,
easy to prepare and available in convenient formats. That's why you'll find our brands in 94% of British
households. We're proud of our iconic brands and our great products, and our purpose shows how our
food is at the heart of what each colleague does every day.

Our values
We're committed to creating a truly great place to work. Our shared values give us a common framework
for decisions and help guide us in the way we do things and we challenge each other to live them day-by-
day. Over the last few years, significant progress has been made in embedding the Group's purpose and
values across the business, increasing investment in communication and engagement with colleagues,
and up-weighting training in areas such as leadership and diversity & inclusion.

higher

vole WS
eiled

We're determined We're creative in We're energetic We achieve more
to be the best, what we do and and act with when we work
consistently how we do it. pace. together.
delivering at the
highest level.

We bring out
the best in each
other.

Our commitment to be a responsible business
Being responsible and sustainable underpins our business model and is shaped by the issues that matter
most to our business and our stakeholders. By being a responsible business, we want to create, sustain
and strengthen partnerships with all, in order to deliver long-term sustainable growth.

ead more BSNAETESTERIARSIEE on pases 121027

[Premien Foods plo Agjua scpousomles 2Weck eased 2UyVstCoZ020)