ANNUAL REPORT
" FOR THE 52 WEEKS ENDED 30 MARCH 2019

uta

THURSDAY

“ABAFOQE
A2’
COMPANIES HOUSE

WE CREATE THE FOOD THE NATION
LOVES MOST.FOR MODERN LIFE

Group revenue Trading profit’

2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2016/17 2017/18

Profit/(loss) before tax Net debt?

£20.9m

£(42.7)m

2016/17 2017/18

2018/19 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19

Our Top 10 Brands

Financial and operational headlines

Full year revenue

up +0.6%

to £824.3m

Trading profit’
up +4.5%
to £128.5m

Statutory'loss before tax
£(42.7)m; due to GMP
pension recognition and

impairment of intangible
assets

Net debt to EBITDA ratio?
. reduced to
3.2x

Logistics transformation
programme now completed
and performance returned
to normal

Mr Kipling revenue
increased
+12%

following brand relaunch
in the UK

Explore our report

INTRODUC

About Premier Foods
‘Chairman's statement

Our Purpose, Values and Business
model

Chief Executive's review -
Strategy

Strategy in action

Key performance indicators
Operating and financial review
Being a responsible business
Risk management

02
03

05
06
07

10
18
26

1. Aefinition and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to reported measure is set out on page 17.

2. Net debV/EBITDA is EBITDA on an adjusted basis as defined on page 17.

GOVERNANCE

Board of directors . 32
Governance overview 34
Nomination Committee report 37
Audit Committee report 38
Other statutory information ct
Statement of directors’ responsibilities 43

Directors’ Remuneration report 44

Iridependent auditor's report

Consolidated financial statements 73
Notes to the consolidated financial

statements 7
Company financial statements’ 118
Notes to the Company financial

statements 120

The director's report is comprised of pages 02 to 61.

Annual report for the 52 weeks ended 30 March 2019 O1

NOILONGOULNI

About Premier Foods

We LOVE food at Premier Foods. We love how it brings people together and provides moments of
pleasure in a busy world. And so do our consumers. Many of our brands have been part of UK life
for more than a century, but we don’t let them stand still - we're constantly innovating in line with our
purpose to create the food the nation loves most for modern life. And today you'll find our brands in
94% of British households".

A great British food company

As one of Britain's biggest listed food companies
we're cornmitted to the UK, employing over
4,000 dedicated colleagues at 15 manufacturing
sites and offices up and down the country.
‘Around 96% of what we sell is made in the

UK from quality ingredients, wherever we can
sourced sustainably from British suppliers and

farmers.

Tota

We operate primarily in the ambient food

‘sector which continues to be the largest

‘sector within’ the total UK grocery market. Our
Grocery business is responsible for developing
‘our portfolio of brands in four key categories:
Flavourings & Seasonings; Cooking Sauces

& Accompaniments; Quick Meals, Snacks &
‘Soups and Ambient Desserts. Our Sweet Treats
business is responsible for growing our brands

in the Ambient Cakes category.

Our market

Category Our brands position market size
Flavourings & Bisto, OXO, Paxo No. 1 £480m
Seasonings
Cooking Sauces & Sharwood's, Loyd Grossman, No. t £977m
Accompaniments Homiepride .
Quick Meals, Snacks —_Batchelors, Smash. No. 1 £454m
& Soups
Ambient Desserts ‘Ambrosia, Bird's, Angel Delight, No.1 £405m

Mr Kipling, Cadbury
Ambient Cakes ‘Mr Kipling, Cadbury, Lyons No. t £1,119.

In addition, the Group has a portfolio of other branded food products and a non-branded food
business which manufactures products, such as cakes and desserts, on behalf of many of the UK's

leading food retailers. Our Knighton Foods (‘Knighton’) business manufactures and sells non-branded
powdered beverages and dessert products.

Expanding internationally.

We're also working hard to expand
internationally by finding new
markets for our brands around the
-world — our international business
now accounts for around 6.5% of
Group revenue. We have significant
businesses in Iretand and Australia
with established relationships with
‘the major food retailers. In addition,
we see further opportunities for

a range of our brands, such as

Mr Kipling and Cadbury cake,
‘Sharwood's cooking sauces and
Batchelors packet soups in a
number of markets including New
Zealand, USA, South Africa and
Canada.

Strategic partnerships

‘Since we entered into a co-
‘operation agreement with Nissin
Foods Holdings Co., Ltd (‘Nissin’)
in 2016, we've launched Batchelors
‘Super Noodles in a new pot format
using Nissin's noodle technology
and manufacturing expertise, taken
‘on distribution of Nissin’s Soba
noodles and Cup Noodle brands

in the UK and we're now working
with Nissin to expand international
‘opportunities further for our brands
using Nissin's global network.

in 2017, we signed a new
strategic global partnership with
Mondeléz International to renew the
Company's long-standing licence

1. Kantar Worldpanel Total Market Penetration for the 52 weeks to 24 March 2019.
2, Institute of Grocery Distribution, UK Grocery June 2018.
3. Kantar Worldpanel Total Market for the 52 weeks to 24 March 2019

02

Premier Foods plc

to produce and market Cadbury
branded cake and ambient dessert
products, The new partnership will
run until at least 2022, is expanded
to cover 46 countries including
South Africa,.Canada, Japan, China
and India and has the potential

to use the full range of Cadbury
brands in ambient cake in addition
to the Oreo brand

Customers

Our key customers are the major
UK supermarkets but we also serve
a wide range of other channels
including discounters, convenience
stores, online, wholesale and food
service.

UK Grocery channel value?

fr

Hypermarkets:
‘Supermarkets

Convenience
Discounters
Online

oomss

2018/19
£16.5bn
£89.1bn
£40.1bn
£23.0bn
£14.400

Chairman’s statement

Results

The results for the year to 30 March 2019 are
set out in the financial statements and discussed
in the operating and financial review. Revenue
reached £824,3m, an increase of 0.6%, and
adjusted profit before tax reached £88.0m:
Importantly the level of Net debt reduced by
£26,5m to £469.9m, with the EBITDA to Net
debt ratio improving to'3.2 times.

Strategic review

Premier Foods is generally a sound business,
with efficient manufacturing and well-known
brands which are being reinvigorated by
innovation. However, for historical reasons, its
financial position and the value of its equity are
affected by high levels of leverage in the form of
borrowings, a major deficit in one of its pension
schemes and the size of the total liabilities in all
the Group's pension schemes, when compared
with the scale of the business.

On 27 February 2019, the Board announced
that, following discussions with the largest
shareholders, it had-decided to conduct a review
of its strategic options for increasing shareholder
value. Work is continuing on this important
process and the Board will be providing updates
in due course.

Board changes

After six years as CEO, Gavin Darby stépped
down in January 2019. Alastair Murray is filing
that role on an interim basis and | thank him for
his work in undertaking that responsibilty.

In conjunction with the announcement of the.
Strategic Review, Daniel Wosner (of shareholder
Oasis Management Company Ltd), Orkun Kilic
(of shareholder Paulson & Co. inc.) and Simon
Bentley joined the Board as non-executive
directors. To facilitate these changes, lan Krieger
and Jennifer Laing retired, each having served
over six years on the Board as non-executive
directors. | would like to thank them for their
significant contributions.

These changes gave rise to some areas of non-
compliance with the UK Corporate Governance
Code, which the Board intends to remedy when
itis practical to do so.

Following the Board changes, and taking
account of the shareholding of Nissin Foods.
Holdings.Co., Ltd, shareholders holding
approxinnately 43.5% of the Company's

share capital are represented on the Board.
However, the Board remains conscious of its
responsibility to take account of thie interest

of all shareholders. It is also aware of its
responsibilities to all stakeholders, including
lenders, bond holders, employees and members
of the Group's pension schemes.

"The Board has announced

that, following discussions with
the largest shareholders, it has
decided to conduct a review

of its strategic options for
increasing shareholder value.
Work is continuing on this
important process and the Board
will be providing updates in due
course."

Ambrosia

In November 2018, it was announced that the
business was considering a sale of the Ambrosia
brand, if it could obtain a satisfactory price.

In February 2019, it waS,announced that this
process had been concluded and that, in the
present business climate, it would not result in

a satisfactory financial outcome. | would like

to thank everyone involved for their hard work
during this process. Ambrosia has a strong
future growth plan which will be executed

as part of the Premier Foods business.

Other responsibilities

The business's policies, and progress on

their implementation, in relation to its social
responsibilities, including food safety, consumer
health, the environment and employee safety, are
set out on pages 18 to 25 of this report.

Thank you

| would like to extend my thanks to all of the
business's partners, suppliers, customers and
colleagues for their continued support as the
Board looks to create increasing and sustainable
value from what is a good underlying business,

Keith Hamill OBE
Non-executive Chairman
14 May 2019

Annual report for the 52 weeks ended 30 March 2019 03.

»

Our Purpose, Values and Business model

Our purpose and values help guide us every day. They outline what we're all about and the kind

of company we.want to be.

Our purpose - We create the food
the nation loves most for modem life.

Our purpose reminds us what we're here
to do - create great food our consumers
love, food that is tasty, easy to prepare and
reliable, with a meaningful heritage that
resonates with markets around the world:
We're proud of our iconic brands and our
great products, and our purpose shows
how our food is at the heart of what every
colleague does every day.

Our values

We're committed to creating a truly great
place to work. Our shared values give us a
‘common framework for decisions and help
guide us in the way we do things. They
were developéd by our colleagues for

‘our entire business. We challenge each ”
‘other to live them day-by-day and doing
so forms a crucial part of the performance
appraisal of all colleagues.

We aim higher .. .

We're determined to be the best, *
consistently delivering at the highest level.
We champion fresh ideas . . .

We're creative in what we do and how we
do it.

We are agile . . .

We're energetic.and act with pace.

We are united .

We achieve more when we work together.

We respect and encourage
one another... -

‘We bring out the best in each other.

04 Premier Foods pic

Business Model

Asa business we believe we have certain
capabilities which set us apart from our
competitors. We have a broad range of category
leading British brands, we have the ability to
‘serve a wide range of customer channels in +
both the UK and overseas and the capability

to manufacture a diverse range of products in
multiple formats.

We have a unique portfolio of British brands
which are well-loved by the British consumer.
We put the consumer at the heart of everything
we do and use our insights to create innovative
new products that meet consumers’ needs.

We build strong relationships with our customers
and build joint plans for mutual growth. We are
able to service a full range of customers from the
mejor retailers, discounters, convenience, food
service, wholesale and international markets.

Our manufacturing capability gives us the scope
to manufacture a diverse range of products from
sauces, powder mixes, desserts and cakes jn

a range of formats from tins, jars, pouches and
cartons, We have an experienced management
team who have a deep understanding of today's
food industry and a workforce with many years
of experience in manufacturing and product

development,
(5)

BRANDS OPERATIONS
© Unique portfolio of * Ability to serve a wide * Excellent operational
leading British brands range of channels in both capability .
‘* Strong insights into UK the UK and overseas * Ability to manufacture a
consumers * Understanding our diverse range of products
© Creating innovative customers and working and formats
new products to meet with them to deliver * Experienced and
consumers’ needs mutual growth plans dedicated workforce

UNDERPINNED BY OUR VALUES

Being a responsible business

. AND OUR COMMITMENT TO BE A RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

Being responsible and sustainable underpins our business model and is crucial to how we drive
growth, productivity and reputation in the longer-term interest of our shareholders, colleagues and
all those who touch our business. We are proud of our leading standards of both food safety and
Health and Safety. Further inforrnation on our responsibilities can be found.on pages 18 to 25.

The strategic report on pages 04 to 31 was approved by the Board of directors on 14 May 2019

and signed on its behalf by

Alastair Murray
Acting CEO & Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive’s review

At the end of a year which has posed some
significant:challenges, | am pleased to be able
to report on a set of results in which many

of the key financial metrics have moved in a
positive direction and both Trading profit and
Net debt have exceeded market expectation.
Trading profit grew by 4.5% to £128.5m and
we delivered a £26.5m reduction in Net debt,
improving our gearing to a ratio of 3.2 times Net
debt to EBITDA.

Our UK growth strategy made good progress in
strengthening our core stable of brands whilst
innovating through new products that make
consumers’ lives easier. Driven from a bedrock
of consumer insight, our innovation strategy

is focused around four key consumer trends:
Health and Nutrition; Convenience; Snacking/
On-the-go; and Indulgence.

Our biggest brand, Mr Kipling, returned to
TV screens for the first time in two years with

an advertising campaign focused on bringing
exceedingly good moments of unexpected joy
to everyday life. This much-loved brand also
launched a Heatth and Nutrition version of an
established cake range, with 30% reduced sugar
Angel and Chocolate Slices.

In Grocery, Batchelors continued to build on
the positive momentum of last year, as it gained
further traction with consumers both from its
core range and its range of convenient pot
products: Super Noodles; Pasta n Sauce; Soup
to Go; and Super Rice & Sauce. This pots range
continued to deliver strong growth in the year,
increasing both volume and revenue by over
40%. Nissin’s Soba noodles and Cup Noodle
products also grew strongly in the year, up nearly
+60% compared to the prior year.

Meanwhile, Cadbury Cake brought the familiar
Easter indulgence of Cadbury Créme Egg to the
cake family, with the launch of Cadbury Créme
Egg cupcakes. :

As a business, our innovation as a percentage of
branded sales increased to 6.7% from 6.4% in
2017/18. This is testament to our rapid speed to
market, as demonstrated with the launch of Mr
Kipling unicorn slices, which hit shelves in less
than four months after spotting this on demand
trend.

“Premier Foods has delivered
consistent progress over the last
two years, growing Revenue,
Trading profit, adjusted earnings
and reducing Net debt. In the
last year, Mr Kipling, Ambrosia,
Batchelors, Sharwood’s and
Nissin's.Soba noodles all
displayed healthy growth and,
together with the strength of

our customer relationships,

we increased Trading profit

by 4.5%.”

In our International business, high customer
stock levels in Australia resulted in reduced
cake sales to this market. In addition, we
implemented price rises to export wholesalers
to ensure competitive pricing across all markets.
As a result of these two factors, which are not
expected to repeat, International sales fell by
12.5% in thie year: Nonetheless, Shanwood's
and Mr Kipling remain strong performers for
international markets, particularly in Australia and
the USA. We are confident the business has the
right plan‘in place for growth in the coming year,
including an exciting launch into the Caribbean
territories of Jamaica and Trinidad & Tobago.

It was a particularly challenging year for
distribution, with our logistics transformation
programme expetiencing significant issues,
impacting sales volumes and efficiencies.

These operational challenges have now been
addressed and service levels have returned to
normal, so our focus is once again on improving
cost efficiency. | would like to thank our
customers for their patience-and understanding
during this period.

'n. common with most other food companies, we
‘made thorough preparations for the eventuality of
‘a no-deal Brexit on 29 March 2019, including new
packaging artwork, altemative arrangements for
‘exporting to the EU and a build-up of inventories.
Most of these actions will remain useful for the
future and we will continue to monitor political
developments over coming months and will take
further actions as appropriate.

In closing, | would just lke to thank all colleagues

for their enormous contribution over the past year.

Despite a backdrop of many potential distractions,

the core UK branded business is performing well

as we look to increasé capital and consumer
investment during 2019/20. This

underfying performance gives us good momentum

and confidence for the year ahead. °

Alastair Murray

Acting CEO &

Chief Financial Officer

14 May 2019

‘Annual report for the 52 weeks ended 30 March 2019 OS,

Strategy

Our strategy is divided into three main pillars: (i) to drive revenue growth by pursing an innovation
strategy and international opportunities, while-fostering strong and established customer relationships.
in the United Kingdom; (ii) to improve the Group's organisational efficiency and lower its cost base;
and (iii) to maintain strong cash flow generation. The aim of this strategy is.to deleverage the business
and the Group .is targeting a Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.0x.

Drive revenue growth

We have a portfolio of well-loved British
brands, many of which have leading
sales positions in their respective product
categories. We aim to deliver growth of *
these brands ahead of category trends
through advertising and marketing these
brands, and developing and introducing
new-branded products to the market.
‘Thé Group continuously works to further
develop relationships with its customers
by focusing on customer service, brand
investment, product innovation and
‘category management expertise. There
are further opportunities for growth by
expanding the Group's brand portfotio in
selected international markets and though
‘ur strategic partnerships with Nissin and
Mondeléz International.

DRIVE REVENUE GROWTH

UK - Innovation through insights;
growing to 10% of branded sales
UK - Strengttien well established
customer relationships
International - Strong double-digit
growth through new and existing
markets .

Strategic Partnerships - Nissin and
Mondeléz International

Cost contro! & efficiency

Improving the efficiency and cost base of our
operations remains an important objective

of the Group. in our factories, we continue

to invest in capital projects designed to
reduce cost as well as supporting product
innovation, During the year, we completed
the implementation of a major logistics ~
transformation programme to consolidate

all our physical distribution arrangements

in one central UK location, Although we
experienced some early challenges with

the solution, these are now resolved and

the future focus is on driving further cost
efficiencies in this area. Elsewhere in the
business, we continue to maintain a tight
control on SG8A costs where we aim to
maximise the proportion of resource focused
on revenue generating activities.

COST CONTROL & EFFICIENCY

Logistics restructuring programme

Manufacturing cost savings
programmes

Capital projects

Margin enhancement initiatives
Maintain SG&A as a % of revenue

Cash generation

Delivery of consistent cash generation remains
an important objective across the business.
We have recovery plans with our pension
funds which recognise the importance of
balancing the competing demands on the
Group's free cash flow. In 2019/20, we expect
to be able to raise investment in the business
through capital expenditure and consumer
marketing whilst still delivering.a meaningful
reduction in Net debt.

(CASH GENERATION

* Tightly focused capital expenditure
+ Maintain affordability of pension deficit
contributions :

* Disciplined working capital
management

06 Premier Foods plc

Strategy in action

In the UK, a core objective is to deliver growth through innovation by investing in insights, marketing

and our colleagues. At the same time we are leveraging the benefits of our strategic partnerships and
driving strong growth internationally, whilst maintaining tight control of cash flow through cost control

and efficiencies.

International

Cost control & efficiency
Logis restructurin
programme completed

‘Our innovation strategy is built
‘on anin-depth consumer
understanding, focused on four
key trends: Health and Nutrition;
Convenience; Snacking/On-
the-go; and Indulgence. 77% of
new products launched this year
had a claimable heatth benefit,
‘such as the new Mr Kipling and
Ambrosia ranges with 30% less
‘sugar. We continued the growth
‘of our convenience ranges with
Loyd Grossman Pasta alia pots
and Sharwood's Noodle pots.

In addition, the major brand
relaunch for Mr Kipling, with new
packaging and media support,
resulted in revenue growth of
+12%.

New products now
account for 6.7% of
branded sales

Revenue growth from

Mr Kipling was up +48%
and Shanwood's was up
+14%, largely due to strong
performances in Australia.

Our new Mr Kipling packing
design was rolled out to key
markets in Australia, North
‘America, New Zealand and
South Africa. In addition, we
launched Cadbury cake in
‘South Africa.

A‘ter identifying the Caribbean
as a growing market for cake,
we have now launched a
core range of both Mr Kipling
and Cadbury in Jamaica and
Trinidad & Tobago.

Revenue growth

from Mr Kipling up
+48%

Continued progress from

‘our relationship with Nissin
with the national extension of
Cup Noodle distribution and
continued -growth of Soba
noodle products which are
now available in Ireland's three

- biggest retailers.

Innovation aligned to
indulgence has resulted in

a range of new products for
2019, leveraging our strategic
global partnership with
Mondeléz International, with
‘the launch of new cupcake
ranges under the Cadbury
Oreo and Freddo brands.

Nissin Soba noodles
and Cup Noodle up
+58%

Phase three of our logistics
transformation project
experienced some significant
challenges in'the year.
However, the consolidation of
our logistics operations to a
single provider at Tamworth
has now been completed and
customer service levels have
returned to normal. Further
work is now underway to
explore cost optimisation and
efficiency benefits.

We are also planning to
increase investment in the
coming year through targeted
growth initiatives, including
additional manufacturing
flexibility and capacity.

£25m targeted for
capital investment

Annual report for the 52 weeks ended 30 March 2019

07

1HOd3Y OIDSLVELS

Key performance indicators

We use a number of performance indicators to monitor financial, operational and responsibility performance

‘These are reviewed on a regular basis by-our senior management teams and the Board. Performance indicators are used to encourage focus on the
delivery of our key strategic priorities. They are used to measure performance, highlight areas for attention and corrective action, as well as recognising
good performance and celebrating success. Trading profit and Net debt also form part of management's bonus objectives, and an overview of how
remuneration links to our strategy is set out on page 45.

@—

Group revenue

Year-on-year growth in
revenue.

2016/17 201798 2018/19,

Trading profit

Trading profit is defined in the
‘operating and financial review
‘on page 17.

2018/19

201617 2017/18

Net debt to adjusted
EBITDA ratio

‘The ratio measures the
Group's overall level of debt.

. Net debt and EBITDA are

defined in the operating and
financial review on page 17.

201617 2017/18 2018/19

Free cash flow
Free cash flow is defined in
the operating and financial
review on page 17.

201617 2017/18 2018/19

Why is this important?
Delivering revenue growth is one
of our strategic priorities. This
captures both branded and non-
branded performance across all
channels we operate in,

Progress we've made

Group revenue increased
by 0.6% in the full year to
£824.3m. This growth was
driven by Mr Kipling, our largest
brand, growing +12% following
its successful brand relaunch in
the UK. Additionally, Ambrosia,
Batchelors, Sharwood's and
Soba all delivered healthy
growth. *

Why is this important?

This measure reflects the revenues
and costs associated with the
operational performance of the
business and is also a good proxy
for the cash generative capacity of
the business.

Progress we've made
Trading profit increased by 4.5%
in the year. This improvement
was driven primarily by the
branded revenue growth in the
Grocery business unit.

Why is this important?
This ratio is the key metric used
by the Group in measuring its
debt level relative to the overall
performance of the business.

Progress we've made

Net debt reduced by £26.5m
from £496.4m in 2017/18 to
£469.9m in 2018/19. As a result
of this deleveraging and EBITDA
growth, the ratio of Net debt to
EBITDA reduced from 3.6 to
3.2x. The Gioup is targeting a
Net debt to EBITDA ratio below
3.x.

Why is this important?
Free cash flow is a measure
of the cash generated by the
Group to pay down debt. It is
also.a good indicator of the
undertying quality of earnings
and the overall health of the
business.

Progress we've made

Free cash flow of £29.2m in
2018/19 was broadly in line with
last year. Cash flow benefits
from the increase in Trading
profit, Hovis cash receipt and
timing benefit from interest
payable on the £300m fixed rate
notes due October 2023 were
offset by an increase in cash
flows rélated to restructuring
costs and early redemption of
the £325m fixed rate notes due
March 2021

08 Premier Foods plc

Environmental and Health and Safety performance is reported in more detail in the section on being a responsible business on pages 18 to 2. Following
a.review in the year, we have launched a new responsibilty programme based around five key pillars (see page 18 for further details). As a result, our KPI
on ‘better-for-you' choices will be replaced by a new nutritional measure based on extending our range of healthier foods within our core range.

Branded market share

This is our brandéd retail sales
expressed as a perventage of the
retail sales of the categories in
which we operate. (Based

on IRI data for the 52 weeks
ending 30 March 2019 and

31 March 2018).

Grocery

20177 2018 — 2017/2018
1819 1819

Why is this important?
Increasing market share
indicates consumer preference
for our products and also
demonstrates successful
Partnerships with customers to
grow our overall categories.

Progress we've made

Grocery market share was
broadly flat in the year. We again
‘saw share gains in our Quick
Meals, Snacks and Soups
category, following the continued
popularity of our convenient

pots ranges. While we lost some
share in Ambient Desserts, this
improved in the second hatf of
the year. In Sweet Treats, we
have grown share following the
successful brand relaunch of our
largest brand, Mr Kipling.

SG&A as a % of
Group revenue
SGA represents the seling,
general

---

and administration
costs of the central functions
together with that of the Grocery,
Sweet Treats, Intemational and
Knighton operating segments.

2016/17 2018/19

2017/18

Why is this important?
As part of our cost and
efficiency strategy we intend to
maintain a lean organisational
structure; ensuring complexity
and duplication are kept to a
minimum.

Progress we've made
SG8A as a % of revenue
increased slightly in the year
to 8.2%, as'a result of inflation
and as we invested further in
revenue generating resource.

% of products testing
‘superior or at par with
competitors

‘Consumer panel blind testing
cof our major branded products
against their main competitor,
whether branded or non-
branded.

201817 2017/18 2018/19

Why is this important?

This is an important measure
of the quality of our product
portfolio It drives recipe
improvements and ensures
focus on consistent product
quality.

Progress ‘we've made

Overall our performance
improved in the year, reflecting
an increase in the quality of our
branded products, following

the introduction of a new
programme focused on the
Group's top-selling Grocery and
Sweet Treats products to ensure
that all test superior to our
competitors.

The review covered 70% of our
branded porttolio (by retail sales
value) as part of a four-year
rolling programme.

% of NPD to be ‘better-
for-you’ choices

Revenue value of new product
launches with a claimable
Nutrition benefit, e'g. ‘source
of fibre’ as well as no red traffic
lights on front of pack, within
‘our grocery portfolio.

2or7i8

2016/17 201819

ighlight consumers’ increasing
focus on ‘better-for-you' options.
Further information on health
and nutrition is set out in the
section on being a responsible
business on page 18.

Progress we've made

Over the course of the period,
77% of new product launches
within our Grocery portfolio
delivered a claimable nutritional
benefit (ahead of our annual
target of 75%) and none of these
products had a red traffic light on
front of pack; which signposts
that the products are not high in,
fat, saturated fat, sugar or salt.

‘Annual report for the 52 weeks ended 30 March 2019 9

Operating and financial review

Premier Foods has delivered consistent progress over the last two years, growing revenue,
Trading profit, adjusted earnings and reducing Net debt.

In the last year, Mr Kipling, our largest brand, grew +12% following its successful brand relaunch in
the UK and in addition Ambrosia, Batchelors, Sharwood's and Nissin's Soba noodles also displayed
healthy growth. While we saw a decline in International revenue and experienced significant
operational challenges with the final phase of our logistics transformation programme, our improved
structural resilience stil resutted in us growing Trading profit by 4.5%.

Revenue

Group revenue (Em) = Grocery __Sweet Treats Group.
Branded 498.3 180.9 679.2
Non-branded 98.7 46:4 145.1
Total “ 597.0 227.3 824.3
% change

Branded 0.0% 45.3% 41.4%
Non-branded 48.6% (20.3%) (2.7%)
Total +1.3% (1.2%) +0.6%
Group revenue for the 52 weeks ended 30 March Sweet Treats

2019 was £824.3m, up +0.6% compared to
the prior year. Branded revenue grew by +1.4%
to £679.2m while non-branded revenue was
(2.7%) lower at £145.1m. In the second half of
the year, Group revenue was 0.1% higher than
the comparative period. A stronger fourth quarter
‘saw revenue grow +3.1%, benefitting slightly
from Brexit related stock build by customers and
followed a weaker third quarter when revenue
was (2.2%) lower.

Grocery business unit revenues increased

by +1.3% in the year to £597.0m; within this
branded revenue was flat as strong momentum
in the UK was offset by a softer International
performance. Non-branded revenue increased
+8.6% to £98,7m. In the Sweet Treats business,
full year revenues were £227.3m, a (1.2%)
decrease on the prior year as branded revenue
growth of +5.3% was offset by non-branded
revenue which was (20.3%) lower.

10 Premier Foods plc

‘A major contributor to the branded revenue result
was due to the growth of the Group's largest
brand, Mr Kipling. At a Group level, Mr Kipling saw
revenue increase by +12%, with UK revenue up.
+10% and International markets ahead +48%. In
the UK, Mr Kipling benefitted from a major brand
relaunch, including an updated pack design and
brand logo, television advertising, and supported
by new product development such as Unicom and

* Flamingo slices. Internationally, the brand enjoyed

Particular success in Australia and the USA. While
Cadbury cake sales in the UK were lower due

to the timing effects of Easter and the impact of *
discontinuing some low margin product lines, the
core portfolio enjoyed good growth.

‘Looking to 2019/20, the Group is set to launch
a premium range of Mr Kipling ‘Signature’
cakes with variants such as After Dinner Mint
Fancies and Chocolate, Caramel & Pecan
slices. The Group is also planning to introduce
some exciting new lines under Cadbury cakes
in 2019/20, Ranges include new Cadbury cake
slices, Oreo cupcakes and Freddo cupcakes.

Grocery

Batchelors entered the year with strong
momentum having delivered revenue growth of
+11% in 2017/18 compared to the prior year.

In 2018/19, Batchelors continued to build on
this momentum as it gained further traction with
consumers with its range of convenient pot
products: Super Noodles; Pasta n Sauce; Soup
to Go; and Super Rice & Sauce. This pots range
continued to deliver strong growth in the year,
increasing both volume and revenue by over
40%. Nissin's Soba noodles and Cup Noodle
products also grew strongly in the year, up
nearly +60% compared to the prior year.

‘Ange! Delight was another brand in the portfolio:
which continued its momentum from the prior
year into 2018/19, delivering growth of 15%;
building on the popularity of ready to eat pots
with consumers, Elsewhere in the Desserts
category, Ambrosia staged a year of recovery,
with growth of 7% in the second half of the year,
benefitting from stronger instore activity and
‘execution in major retail customers.

Sharwood's also saw revenue increase in the
year; with growth of over 7% and as with

‘Mr Kipling, this