BETA Close X Premier Foods plc announced the acquisition of Merchant Gourmet, a premium healthy meals brand, for an enterprise value of £48.0 million on a cash and debt-free basis. Merchant Gourmet generated approximately £28 million in revenue in the year to March 28, 2026, showing strong double-digit growth over the past two years. The acquisition, expected to complete on September 1, 2025, is anticipated to be earnings accretive in the first full year of ownership, with the valuation implying a high single-digit EV/EBITDA multiple. The acquisition is in line with Premier Foods' growth strategy of acquiring brands where they can add value and deliver further growth. Merchant Gourmet has 25 employees, all of whom are expected to transfer to Premier Foods. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 21 August 2025 21 August 2025 Premier Foods plc (the "Company" or the "Group") Acquisition of Merchant Gourmet Premier Foods today announces it has agreed to acquire Merchant Gourmet, a premium, healthy, convenient meals brand, as the Group continues to deliver against its growth strategy of acquiring brands where it can add value and deliver further growth. Strategic highlights & opportunities · Premium and healthy branded ready-to-eat pulses and grains, microwaveable rice and meals in minutes · Market leading positions in pulses and grains, with a strong track record of profitable sales growth · Broad consumer base, exceptionally strong repeat rates and established track record of new category expansion · Highly complementary to Premier Foods' portfolio and aligned to the Group's acquisition strategy · Group expects to unlock significant value through leveraging its proven branded growth model Alex Whitehouse, Chief Executive Officer "We're very pleased to have agreed the acquisition of Merchant Gourmet, which meets the growing demand for premium, healthy and convenient meal options. Replicating the success of our previous two acquisitions, The Spice Tailor and FUEL10K, we will be deploying our proven branded growth model; expanding retailer distribution, accelerating new product development, and increasing marketing investment to unlock further profitable growth for the brand. Merchant Gourmet expands our category presence, complementing our already strong brand portfolio, and we look forward to welcoming the team to Premier Foods." , Richard Peake, Managing Director, Merchant Gourmet "Merchant Gourmet has always been about creating great-tasting, premium, healthy food that anyone can enjoy. Over the last few years, our team have worked incredibly hard, delivering double digit revenue growth and demonstrating huge success in entering new categories and new markets. Finding the best home for both Merchant Gourmet and our valued team is something we have thought carefully about, and we believe Premier Foods is the right partner to match our ambition. They understand where we've come from, they respect what makes our brand special, and we're excited to continue innovating boldly and inspiring people to fall in love with simple, good food." Transaction details · Premier Foods will acquire 100% of Merchant Gourmet 1 for an Enterprise Value of £48.0m on a cash and debt free basis · Revenues of c.£28m 2 with strong double-digit growth over last two years · Valuation implies a high single-digit EV/EBITDA multiple 3 and is expected to be earnings accretive 4 in first full year of ownership · Transaction expected to complete on 1 September 2025 Further information on the transaction can be found in an investor presentation on our website at www.premierfoods.co.uk/results-centre/ ~ Ends ~ About Premier Foods As one of Britain's largest food producers, we're passionate about food and believe each and every day we have the opportunity to enrich life for everyone. Premier Foods employs over 4,000 people operating from 13 sites across the country, supplying a range of retail, wholesale, foodservice and other customers with our iconic brands which feature in millions of homes every day. Through some of the nation's best-loved brands, including Ambrosia, Batchelors, Bisto , Loyd Grossman, Mr Kipling, Ox o and Sharwood's , we're creating great tasting products that contribute to healthy and balanced diets, while committing to nurturing our people and our local communities, and going further in the pursuit of a healthier planet , in line with our Purpose of 'Enriching Life Through Food'. About Merchant Gourmet Merchant Gourmet, founded in 1995, was created to bring restaurant-quality ingredients into everyday home cooking. Driven by a passion for extraordinary flavour, quality, and simplicity, our mission is to make everyday meals more gourmet. Boasting a healthy range of lentils, wholegrains, chestnuts and mushrooms, Merchant Gourmet champions whole foods and real ingredients, offering products which are ready to eat in 90 seconds, or straight from the pouch. Contacts: Institutional investors and analysts: Duncan Leggett, Chief Financial Officer Richard Godden, Director of Investor Relations Investor.relations@premier foods.co.uk Media enquiries: Lisa Kavanagh, Director of Corporate Affairs Headland Ed Young +44 (0) 7884 666830 Jack Gault +44 (0) 7799 089357 - Ends - This announcement may contain "forward-looking statements" that are based on estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical fact or statements in the present tense, and can be identified by words such as "targets", "aims", "aspires", "assumes", "believes", "estimates", "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "hopes", "may", "would", "should", "could", "will", "plans", "predicts" and "potential", as well as the negatives of these terms and other words of similar meaning. Any forward-looking statements in this announcement are made based upon Premier Foods' estimates, expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Group and subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Premier Foods Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate, which may prove not to be accurate. Premier Foods cautions that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should, therefore, not be placed on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement apply only as at the date of this announcement and are not intended to give any assurance as to future results. Premier Foods will update this announcement as required by applicable law, including the Prospectus Rules, the Listing Rules, the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, London Stock Exchange and any other applicable law or regulations, but otherwise expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Notes to editors: 1. The Group will acquire 100% of the shares of Merchant Gourmet Holdings Limited on a cash and debt free basis from the founding shareholders. 2. Projected for year to 28 March 2026. 3. FY25 post expected synergies 4. Expected to be Adjusted earnings per share ("eps") accretive in first full year. Adjusted eps is defined as Adjusted profit after tax divided by the weighted average number of shares in the period. Adjusted profit after tax is defined as Adjusted profit before tax less a notional tax charge of 25.0%. Adjusted profit before tax is defined as Trading profit less net regular interest. Trading profit is defined as profit/(loss) before tax, before net finance costs, amortisation of acquired intangibles, fair value movements on foreign exchange and other derivative contracts, net interest on pensions and administration expenses. Net regular interest is defined as net finance cost after excluding write-off of financing costs, early redemption fees, other interest payable and other finance income. 5. All Merchant Gourmet products are supplied through third party manufacturing arrangements 6. Merchant Gourmet has 25 employees, all of whom are expected to transfer to Premier Foods 7. There are no further conditions to be fulfilled post completion of the transaction 8. There is no deferred consideration payable associated with the transaction This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and