Director/PDMR Shareholding Premier Foods plc 28 May 2025 Premier Foods plc (the " Company ") Notification of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ('PDMRs') The Company announces that it was notified on 27 May 2025 of the following transactions by Simon Rose, General Counsel & Company Secretary. On 27 May 2025, Simon Rose exercised nil-cost options over 602,931 ordinary shares of 10p each in the Company ('Shares') under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan ('LTIP'). Following the exercise 344,107 shares were sold at a price of 210p per Share. Name Title Number of options exercised Number of Shares sold to cover tax and NI Additional Shares sold Number of Shares retained Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary 602,931 284,583 59,524 258,824 Following the exercise and sale of Shares by Simon Rose, Sophie Rose and Anna Rose, his daughters (neither of whom are classified as PCAs under the Market Abuse Regulation), purchased 26,549 shares and 18,062, respectively. The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation. 28 May 2025 ENQUIRIES For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Rose 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status General Counsel & Company Secretary b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares following the exercise of nil-cost options granted under the Premier Foods Long Term Incentive Plan Award 2019. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 602,931 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 5 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 210p 344,107 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and