BETA Close X Premier Foods plc reported a strong first quarter for the thirteen weeks ended 27 June 2026, with group branded revenue increasing by 4.0% and total revenue up 2.7%. This growth was driven by a 3.8% rise in UK branded revenue, particularly in Sweet Treats, and further market share gains in Grocery and Sweet Treats. New categories saw a 16% revenue increase, and international revenue grew by 6%, with positive contributions from North America and Europe. Acquired brands continued to achieve double-digit revenue growth, and the company remains on track to deliver its full-year trading profit expectations, with analyst consensus for FY26/27 trading profit averaging £211.4 million. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 16 July 2026 16 July 2026 Premier Foods plc (the "Group" or the "Company") Continued strong branded revenue growth, on track to deliver full year expectations Premier Foods today provides its Quarter 1 trading update for the thirteen weeks ended 27 June 2026 · Group branded revenue 3 up 4.0%, with total revenue up 2.7% · UK branded revenue up 3.8% led by a strong Sweet Treats performance · Further market share gains in both Grocery and Sweet Treats · New categories revenue up 16%; reflecting particularly good growth from Cape Herb & Spice · International 3 revenue up 6% with encouraging progress in North America and Europe · Acquired brands all continuing to achieve double-digit % revenue growth · On track to deliver FY26/27 Trading profit expectations 5 Alex Whitehouse, Chief Executive Officer "We've delivered another quarter of strong branded revenue growth, up 4.0% and our largest brand, Mr Kipling, was one of our fastest growing brands, with sales up 9% in the quarter. This performance was driven by the continued strength of our innovation programme, including the launch of birthday cake slices, building on the success of our US trend-inspired birthday cake tarts. In Grocery, the new OXO bone broth and Angel Delight bubble jelly ranges both performed very well. We again outperformed our categories, leading to further market share increases, building on previous gains and we also gained further retailer distribution points, as we continue to land more product ranges in store." "Our acquired brands, The Spice Tailor, FUEL10K and Merchant Gourmet all delivered double-digit revenue growth, continuing the great momentum we've built since acquiring them and they remain on track to generate approximately £100m revenue this year. Overseas, we launched FUEL10K into Europe and continued the rollout of Mr Kipling in North America. Following this good start to the year, and with further progress expected across all our strategic priorities in FY26/27, we remain on track to deliver Trading profit expectations 5 for this year." Trading update Grocery In Grocery, branded revenue increased by 3.0%, with further market share gains, as total Grocery revenue grew 1.3%. The momentum of the Group's new product development programme continued at pace, with the launch of Ambrosia custard pouches, Loyd Grossman premium cooking sauce kits and complete nutrition focused Nissin Kanzen meals. Prior year launches of OXO Bone Broth and Angel Delight Bubble Jelly contributed to strong sales and share gains for these two brands. Revenue from entries into new categories increased by 16%, with Cape Herb & Spice benefiting from consumers seeking to add flavour and variety to meal occasions in addition to recent retailer distribution gains. The Group's acquired brands each delivered double-digit revenue growth in the quarter; Merchant Gourmet introduced a new range of Gourmet Baked Beans, FUEL10K gained further market share with Chocolate Granola continuing to hold the leading position in the UK market and The Spice Tailor core Indian kits performed particularly strongly. In Ireland, sales were lower year on year following a change from a distributor, direct to a key customer. Non-branded revenue was £2.5m lower due to some planned contract exits, with this trend expected to improve in the second half of the year. Sweet Treats Mr Kipling continued its positive momentum with another very good quarter, driving Sweet Treats branded revenue up 6.6% on last year. New product development was again a major contributor to this growth, with recent launches such as Birthday cake slices and a new range of whirls flavours, such as Cookies & Cream and Custard Cream. This quarter also benefitted from prior year launches of the already successful Mr Kipling cake bites tubs and breakfast bakes, which helped Mr Kipling outperform the cake category again, gaining further market share. Non-branded Sweet Treats revenue increased 5.3% to £7.9m in the quarter due to increased volumes on pies and tarts and a new contract win; we expect modest growth for the remainder of the year. International Revenue in the Group's International business increased by 6% 3 at constant currency (and 7% on a reported basis) in the quarter. Europe grew sales double digits following the encouraging launch of FUEL10K ranges in the Netherlands. Revenue in North America also increased strongly due to recently achieved distribution of Mr Kipling cake slices and pies in the USA. In Australasia, The Spice Tailor sales grew over 20%, as it benefitted from a multi-channel marketing campaign, while retailer stock levels of cake began to normalise. Outlook Following a good first quarter, the Company remains on track to deliver Trading profit expectations 5 for this year. The Group continues to execute on delivering against all pillars of its growth strategy, leveraging its proven Branded Growth Model, and is well positioned to generate further progress in the medium-term. Further information A conference call for investors and analysts hosted by Alex Whitehouse, CEO, and Duncan Leggett, CFO, will take place today, 16 July 2026, at 9:00am BST. Dial in details are outlined below. A recording of the conference call will be available on the Company's website later in the day: www.premierfoods.co.uk/investors/results-centre Telephone: 0808 189 0158 (UK toll free) +44 20 3936 2999 (standard international access) Access code: 325923 A Premier Foods image gallery is available using the following link: www.premierfoods.co.uk/media/ As one of Britain's largest food producers, we're passionate about food and believe each and every day we have the opportunity to enrich life for everyone. Premier Foods employs over 4,000 people operating from 13 locations across the country, supplying a range of retail, wholesale, foodservice and other customers with our iconic brands which feature in millions of homes every day. We are home to some of the nation's best-loved brands, including Ambrosia, Batchelors, Bisto , Loyd Grossman, Mr Kipling, Ox o and Sharwood's . More recently, we have expanded our portfolio of leading brands through acquisition to include The Spice Tailor , FUEL10K and Merchant Gourmet . In line with our purpose of 'Enriching Life Through Food', we create great tasting products that contribute to healthy and balanced diets, while committing to nurturing our people and our local communities, and going further in the pursuit of a healthier planet . Contacts: Institutional investors and analysts: Duncan Leggett, Chief Financial Officer Richard Godden, Director of Investor Relations Investor.relations@premier foods.co.uk Media enquiries: Lisa Kavanagh, Director of Corporate Affairs Headland Ed Young +44 (0) 7884 666830 Jack Gault +44 (0) 7799 089357 - Ends - Notes to editors: 1. Revenue data is for the thirteen weeks to 27 June 2026 and 28 June 2025 2. Market share data sourced from IRI, 12 weeks ended 27 June 2026 3. Sales are stated on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise stated 4. All financial data is unaudited and has not been subject to review by the Company's auditors 5. Company compiled analyst consensus, comprising forecasts from eight analysts, for FY26/27 Trading profit reflects a range of £209.4m - £213.7m, with an average of £211.4m. Q1 Sales (£m) FY26/27 Actual FY26/27 Constant currency FY25/26 Change vs 1 year ago Change vs 1 year ago at constant currency Grocery Branded 163.5 163.3 158.4 3.2% 3.0% Non-branded 13.4 13.4 16.0 (15.9%) (15.9%) Total 176.9 176.7 174.4 1.5% 1.3% Sweet Treats Branded 61.6 61.6 57.8 6.6% 6.6% Non-branded 7.9 7.9 7.5 5.3% 5.3% Total 69.5 69.5 65.3 6.4% 6.4% Group Branded 225.1 224.9 216.2 4.1% 4.0% Non-branded 21.3 21.3 23.5 (9.1%) (9.1%) Total 246.4 246.2 239.7 2.8% 2.7% This announcement may contain "forward-looking statements" that are based on estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical fact or statements in the present tense, and can be identified by words such as "targets", "aims", "aspires", "assumes", "believes", "estimates", "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "hopes", "may", "would", "should", "could", "will", "plans", "predicts" and "potential", as well as the negatives of these terms and other words of similar meaning. Any forward-looking statements in this announcement are made based upon Premier Foods' estimates, expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Group and subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Premier Foods Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate, which may prove not to be accurate. Premier Foods cautions that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should, therefore, not be placed on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement apply only as at the date of this announcement and are not intended to give any assurance as to future results. Premier Foods will update this announcement as required by applicable law, including the Prospectus Rules, the Listing Rules, the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, London Stock Exchange and any other applicable law or regulations, but otherwise expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 50 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 50 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 50 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 50 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 50 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and