BETA Close X Premier Foods plc announced transactions by a person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR) and a person closely associated (PCA) on January 26, 2026. David Wilkinson, Human Resources and Communications Director, transferred 350 ordinary shares to Jane Wilkinson, a PCA, for nil consideration. Subsequently, Jane Wilkinson sold 337 shares at 187.8478p each and purchased 314 shares at 187.2560p each. These transactions were conducted outside a trading venue and on the London Stock Exchange respectively. Disclaimer* Premier Foods plc 27 January 2026 Premier Foods plc (the " Company ") Notification of transactions by a person discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") and a person closely associated ("PCA") The Company announces that the following transactions, in ordinary shares of 10p each in the Company ("Shares"), were carried out on 26 January 2026. David Wilkinson, Human Resources and Communications Director, transferred 350 Shares to Jane Wilkinson, PCA to David Wilkinson , for nil consideration. Jane Wilkinson, PCA to David Wilkinson, sold 337 Shares, at a price of 187.8478p per Share, and purchased 314 Shares, at a price of 187.2560 p per Share. The notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation. 27 January 2026 ENQUIRIES For further information please contact: Simon Rose General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0) 1727 815 850 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name David Wilkinson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Human Resources and Communications Director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Shares to PCA, Jane Wilkinson c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 350 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Jane Wilkinson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of David Wilkinson, Human Resources and Communications Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Foods plc b) LEI 213800ZD5I8XHNMCJA67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Shares from PDMR, David Wilkinson c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 350 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 5 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 187.8478p 337 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 6 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") ISIN: GB00B7N0K053 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 187.2560p 314 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Foods (PFD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and