.1 3 d57122dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets 5 Consolidated Statements of Income 6 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 8 Consolidated Statements of Equity 10 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 11 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Chart Industries, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chart Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Recognized Over to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description In certain contracts, the Company is engaged to engineer and build products and systems. In these circumstances, the Company produces an asset with no alternative use and has a right to payment for performance completed to date. For these contracts, revenue is recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligations computed using input methods such as costs incurred. Sales in 2025 were $4,264.0 million, of which $3,275.4 million was recognized over time. The costs incurred input method measures progress toward the satisfaction of the performance obligation by multiplying the transaction price of the performance obligation by the percentage of incurred costs as of the balance sheet date to the estimated total costs at completion. 2 We identified revenue recognized for contracts recognized over time as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to estimate total costs at completion used to recognize revenue for these contracts. Management’s estimates of total costs at completion are subjective in nature resulting in a higher degree of audit effort and judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to estimates of total costs at completion used to recognize revenue over time for contracts included the following, among others: • We tested the effectiveness of controls over revenue contracts recognized over time, including management’s controls over the estimates of total costs at completion. • We selected a sample of revenue contracts recognized over time and performed the following: • Tested the accuracy and completeness of the costs incurred to date. • Evaluated the estimates of total costs at completion by: • Comparing estimates of total costs at completion to the original project budget and understanding changes in estimates. • Testing the accuracy of the estimated costs at completion by selecting costs, vouching the costs to supplier contracts or other supporting documents, and evaluating whether the estimated costs are appropriate. • Evaluating management’s ability to achieve the estimates of total costs at completion by observing the project on site and performing corroborating inquiries with the Company’s project managers, engineers, and other relevant site personnel to understand the progress to date and the estimate of total costs at completion. • Comparing management’s expected margins for selected contracts to margins of similar completed contracts, when applicable. • We evaluated management’s ability to estimate total costs at completion accurately by comparing actual inputs to management’s historical estimates for contracts that have been fulfilled. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019. 3 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Chart Industries, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Chart Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2026 4 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 366.0 $ 308.6 Accounts receivable, net 782.1 752.3 Inventories, net 572.3 490.5 Unbilled contract revenue 986.4 735.1 Other current assets 192.7 178.9 Total Current Assets 2,899.5 2,465.4 Property, plant and equipment, net 918.6 864.2 Goodwill 3,067.6 2,899.9 Identifiable intangible assets, net 2,511.7 2,540.6 Other assets 409.0 353.8 TOTAL ASSETS $ 9,806.4 $ 9,123.9 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable $ 1,236.5 $ 1,058.9 Customer advances and billings in excess of contract revenue 324.4 362.2 Accrued interest 104.6 110.4 Termination fee paid by Baker Hughes 258.0 — Other current liabilities 205.1 258.3 Total Current Liabilities 2,128.6 1,789.8 debt 3,565.0 3,640.7 Deferred tax liabilities 553.7 544.9 Other liabilities 183.4 153.3 Total Liabilities 6,430.7 6,128.7 Equity Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, $1,000 aggregate liquidation preference - 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 and 402,500 shares issued at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively — — Common stock, par value $0.01 per share - 150,000,000 shares authorized, 48,557,490 and 45,657,062 shares issued at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 0.5 0.5 Additional capital 1,902.1 1,889.3 Treasury stock; 760,782 shares at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 (19.3 ) (19.3 ) Retained earnings 1,127.0 1,113.4 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 220.0 (155.1 ) Total Chart Industries, Inc. Shareholders’ Equity 3,230.3 2,828.8 Noncontrolling interests 145.4 166.4 Total Equity 3,375.7 2,995.2 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 9,806.4 $ 9,123.9 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 5 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 4,264.0 $ 4,160.3 $ 3,352.5 Cost of sales 2,826.2 2,771.5 2,312.1 Gross profit 1,437.8 1,388.8 1,040.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 619.1 547.4 486.3 Termination fee expense 266.0 — — Amortization expense 194.3 193.9 163.4 Operating expenses 1,079.4 741.3 649.7 Operating income 358.4 647.5 390.7 Acquisition related finance fees — — 26.1 Interest expense, net 307.8 328.5 289.1 Other expense, net 22.5 0.5 17.5 Income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net 28.1 318.5 58.0 Income tax (benefit) expense, net (10.4 ) 78.6 3.0 Income from continuing operations before equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net 38.5 239.9 55.0 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 0.3 (3.6 ) 2.5 Net income from continuing operations 38.8 236.3 57.5 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (1.6 ) (3.5 ) (0.6 ) Net income 37.2 232.8 56.9 Less: (Loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests of continuing operations, net of taxes (3.5 ) 14.3 9.6 Net income attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. $ 40.7 $ 218.5 $ 47.3 Amounts attributable to Chart common stockholders Income from continuing operations $ 42.3 $ 222.0 $ 47.9 Less: Mandatory convertible preferred stock dividend requirement 27.2 27.2 27.3 Income from continuing operations attributable to Chart 15.1 194.8 20.6 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (1.6 ) (3.5 ) (0.6 ) Net income attributable to Chart common stockholders $ 13.5 $ 191.3 $ 20.0 Basic earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. Income from continuing operations $ 0.33 $ 4.62 $ 0.49 Loss from discontinued operations (0.03 ) (0.08 ) (0.01 ) Net income attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. $ 0.30 $ 4.54 $ 0.48 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. Income from continuing operations $ 0.33 $ 4.17 $ 0.44 Loss from discontinued operations (0.03 ) (0.07 ) (0.01 ) Net income attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. $ 0.30 $ 4.10 $ 0.43 number of common shares outstanding: Basic 45.10 42.15 41.97 Diluted 45.37 46.67 46.82 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 6 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 37.2 $ 232.8 $ 56.9 Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 361.4 (167.2 ) 63.7 Defined benefit pension plan: Actuarial gain (loss) on remeasurement 8.0 (0.7 ) 5.8 Pension settlement 2.3 1.1 — Pension liability adjustments 0.3 — 0.9 Defined benefit pension plan 10.6 0.4 6.7 Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 372.0 (166.8 ) 70.4 Income tax benefit (expense) related to defined benefit pension plan 1.2 0.5 (1.6 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes 373.2 (166.3 ) 68.8 Comprehensive income 410.4 66.5 125.7 Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of taxes 5.4 (13.9 ) (9.6 ) Comprehensive income attributable to Chart Industries, Inc. $ 415.8 $ 52.6 $ 116.1 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 7 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 37.2 $ 232.8 $ 56.9 Less: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (1.6 ) (3.5 ) (0.6 ) Income from continuing operations 38.8 236.3 57.5 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Bridge loan facility fees — — 26.1 Depreciation and amortization 281.3 269.9 231.1 Employee compensation expense 17.2 18.9 12.6 Financing costs amortization 19.1 19.1 17.2 Unrealized foreign currency transaction loss (gain) 12.8 (16.7 ) (3.8 ) Deferred income tax benefit (97.2 ) (26.1 ) (79.3 ) Other operating activities 13.1 8.5 7.6 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable (2.4 ) (14.5 ) (76.5 ) Inventories (70.9 ) 54.9 20.8 Unbilled contract revenue (219.2 ) (267.7 ) (166.0 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 8.9 4.4 27.6 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 54.3 190.1 237.2 Customer advances and billings in excess of contract revenue (56.1 ) (4.0 ) (58.2 ) Termination fee paid by Baker Hughes 258.0 — — assets and liabilities 37.0 35.6 (19.1 ) Net Cash Provided By Continuing Operating Activities 294.7 508.7 234.8 Net Cash Used In Discontinued Operating Activities (2.0 ) (5.7 ) (67.6 ) Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 292.7 503.0 167.2 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired — — (4,322.3 ) Proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash divested — — 474.8 Capital expenditures (89.9 ) (120.8 ) (135.6 ) Investments (1.4 ) (13.1 ) (11.6 ) Other investing activities (2.3 ) (4.9 ) 7.2 Net Cash Used In Continuing Investing Activities (93.6 ) (138.8 ) (3,987.5 ) Net Cash Used In Discontinued Investing Activities — (2.5 ) (2.6 ) Net Cash Used In Investing Activities (93.6 ) (141.3 ) (3,990.1 ) 8 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 FINANCING ACTIVITIES Borrowings on credit facilities 3,330.4 3,735.1 1,895.1 Repayments on credit facilities (3,267.8 ) (3,627.2 ) (1,901.2 ) Repayment of convertible notes — (258.7 ) — Borrowings on term loan — — 1,747.3 Repayments on term loan (175.0 ) (50.0 ) (158.3 ) Payments for debt issuance costs (0.1 ) (10.2 ) (136.2 ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net — — 11.7 Dividend distribution to noncontrolling interests (6.2 ) — (12.2 ) Dividends paid on mandatory convertible preferred stock (27.2 ) (27.2 ) (27.3 ) Other financing activities (9.1 ) (5.5 ) (6.4 ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided By Financing Activities (155.0 ) (243.7 ) 1,412.5 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 15.2 (8.6 ) 6.2 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 59.3 109.4 (2,404.2 ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period 310.5 201.1 2,605.3 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH, AND RESTRICTED CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD (1) $ 369.8 $ 310.5 $ 201.1 (1) Includes restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents of $3.8, $1.9 and $12.8 classified within other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 9 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Dollars and shares in millions) Common Stock Preferred Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders’ Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 42.56 $ 0.4 0.4 $ — $ 1,850.2 $ (19.3 ) $ 902.2 $ (58.0 ) $ 8.8 $ 2,684.3 Net income — — — — — — 47.3 — 9.6 56.9 Other comprehensive income — — — — — — — 68.8 — 68.8 Common stock issuance, net of equity issuance costs 0.10 — — — 11.7 — — — — 11.7 compensation expense — — — — 12.6 — — — — 12.6 Common stock issued from compensation plans 0.11 — — — 1.0 — — — — 1.0 Common stock repurchases from compensation plans (0.02 ) — — — (3.0 ) — — — — (3.0 ) Preferred stock dividends — — — — — — (27.3 ) — — (27.3 ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest — — — — — — — — 146.3 146.3 Dividend distribution to noncontrolling interest — — — — — — — — (12.2 ) (12.2 ) Other — — — — — — (0.1 ) — — (0.1 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 42.75 0.4 0.4 — 1,872.5 (19.3 ) 922.1 10.8 152.5 2,939.0 Net income — — — — — — 218.5 — 14.3 232.8 Other comprehensive income — — — — — — — (165.9 ) (0.4 ) (166.3 ) compensation expense — — — — 18.9 — — — — 18.9 Common stock issued from compensation plans 0.10 — — — 1.4 — — — — 1.4 Common stock repurchases from compensation plans (0.02 ) — — — (3.5 ) — — — — (3.5 ) Settlement of warrants 2.83 — — — — — — — — — Settlement of convertible notes 2.34 — — — — — — — — — Exercise of bond hedge (2.34 ) — — — — — — — — — Preferred stock dividends — — — — — — (27.2 ) — — (27.2 ) Other — 0.1 — — — — — — — 0.1 Balance at December 31, 2024 45.66 0.5 0.4 — 1,889.3 (19.3 ) 1,113.4 (155.1 ) 166.4 2,995.2 Net income (loss) — — — — — — 40.7 — (3.5 ) 37.2 Other comprehensive income (loss) — — — — — — — 375.1 (1.9 ) 373.2 compensation expense — — — — 17.2 — — — — 17.2 Common stock issued from compensation plans 0.09 — — — 1.0 — — — — 1.0 Common stock repurchases from compensation plans (0.03 ) — — — (5.4 ) — — — — (5.4 ) Preferred stock dividends — — — — — — (27.2 ) — — (27.2 ) Dividend distribution to noncontrolling interests (1) — — — — — — — — (15.7 ) (15.7 ) Stock conversion 2.84 — (0.4 ) — — — — — — — Other — — — — — — 0.1 — 0.1 0.2 Balance at December 31, 2025 48.56 $ 0.5 — $ — $ 1,902.1 $ (19.3 ) $ 1,127.0 $ 220.0 $ 145.4 $ 3,375.7 (1) Includes dividends payable to noncontrolling interests of $9.5 classified within other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2025. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 10 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) NOTE 1 - Nature of Operations and Principles of Consolidation Nature of Operations: Chart Industries, Inc. is a global leader in the design, engineering, and manufacturing of process technologies and equipment for gas and liquid molecule handling for the Nexus of Clean ™ —clean power, clean water, clean food, and clean industrials, regardless of molecule. The Company’s unique product and solution portfolio across stationary and rotating equipment is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain, including engineering, service and repair and from installation to preventive maintenance and digital monitoring. Chart is a leading provider of technology, equipment and services related to LNG, hydrogen, biogas and CO2 capture among other applications. Chart is committed to excellence in ESG issues both for its company as well as its customers. With 62 global manufacturing locations and over 50 service centers from the United States to Asia, Australia, India, Europe the Middle East, Africa and South America, we maintain accountability and transparency to our team members, suppliers, customers and communities. Proposed Merger with Baker Hughes Company: On July 28, 2025, Chart Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Chart”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Baker Hughes Company, a Delaware corporation (“Baker Hughes”), and Tango Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Baker Hughes (“Merger Sub”). The Merger Agreement was unanimously approved by Chart’s board of directors (the “Chart Board”) after the Chart Board determined that the proposal received from Baker Hughes constituted a “Superior Chart Proposal” under the terms of its merger agreement with Flowserve. On October 6, 2025, Chart held a special meeting of its stockholders at which holders of Chart Common Stock approved the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. The completion of the Merger remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions described therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Chart (the “Merger”), with Chart continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Baker Hughes. At the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), each share of common stock of Chart, par value $0.01 per share (“Chart Common Stock”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (i) shares held by Chart or its subsidiaries as treasury stock or otherwise, (ii) shares held by Baker Hughes or its subsidiaries, and (iii) shares as to which appraisal rights have been properly exercised and not withdrawn under Delaware law) will be converted automatically into the right to receive $210.00 in cash (the “Merger Consideration”), without interest and subject to any applicable withholding tax. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each equity award of Chart granted under its equity plans or otherwise that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be treated as follows: (i) each outstanding option to purchase shares of Chart Common Stock, whether vested or unvested, that has an exercise price per share less than the Merger Consideration will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (x) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price of such option and (y) the number of shares subject to the option, and any stock option with an exercise price equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration will be cancelled for no consideration; (ii) each outstanding restricted share unit granted prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of the number of shares of Chart Common Stock underlying such award; and (iii) each outstanding performance stock unit (“PSU”) will vest as to a portion of the award based on the portion of the performance period elapsed prior to the Effective Time, with the level of performance deemed to be satisfied at the greater of (x) the target level of performance applicable to such PSU and (y) the actual level of performance achieved as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (as reasonably determined by the Chart Board or the compensation committee thereof), and the vested portion of each PSU will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the Merger Consideration for each vested share. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of each of Chart and Baker Hughes, which, in the case of Chart, are qualified by the confidential disclosures provided to Baker Hughes in connection with the Merger Agreement, as well as matters included in Chart’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the date of the Merger Agreement. Additionally, the Merger Agreement provides for customary 11 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) covenants of each of Chart and Baker Hughes, including to cooperate and use reasonable best efforts with respect to seeking regulatory approvals (subject to certain specified limitations), and, in the case of Chart: (i) to conduct its business in the ordinary course (subject to certain exceptions); (ii) to hold a meeting of its stockholders to obtain the requisite stockholder approval contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (iii) not to solicit proposals relating to any alternative business combination transactions; and (iv) subject to certain exceptions, not to enter into any discussion concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any such alternative business combination transactions. In addition, with respect to the termination of the Flowserve Merger Agreement (as defined below) and the payment of the Flowserve Termination Payment (as defined below) to Flowserve (as defined below), Baker Hughes was required to pay $258 million of such Flowserve Termination Payment to Flowserve on Chart’s behalf (and Chart was required to pay the remaining $8 million portion thereof), which payments were made during the third quarter of 2025. The completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including (i) the approval by holders of Chart Common Stock of a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement; (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the receipt of certain other clearances, approvals and consents under certain applicable foreign antitrust and regulatory laws; (iii) the absence of governmental restraints or prohibitions preventing the consummation of the Merger; (iv) the representations and warranties of Chart and Baker Hughes being true and correct (subject to certain qualifications); (v) the performance in all material respects by the parties of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement and (vi) the absence of any effect, change or event that has had a material adverse effect on Chart, subject to certain exceptions. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the parties, including in the event that (i) the parties agree in writing to terminate the Merger Agreement, (ii) if the Merger is not consummated by the initial outside date of July 28, 2026 (as it may be extended, the “Outside Date”), which date will be automatically extended for two successive periods if the only remaining conditions to closing are the receipt of required regulatory approvals, (iii) any legal restraint having the effect of prohibiting the consummation of the Merger shall have become final and nonappealable or (iv) the other party has breached its representations, warranties or covenants in the Merger Agreement, subject to certain qualifications. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances, including by Baker Hughes due to a material breach by Chart or by either Chart or Baker Hughes because the Merger is not consummated by the Outside Date, in each case at a time when there was an offer or proposal for an alternative transaction with Chart prior to such termination and Chart enters into or consummates an alternative transaction within twelve (12) months following such date of termination, Chart will be required to pay to Baker Hughes a termination fee equal to $250 million in cash. In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under circumstances where such termination fee becomes payable by Chart, Chart will also be required to reimburse Baker Hughes for the portion of the Flowserve Termination Payment that Baker Hughes paid on Chart’s behalf in connection with the termination of the Flowserve Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances related to the failure to obtain required antitrust or foreign investment law approvals, Baker Hughes shall pay to Chart a reverse termination fee equal to $500 million in cash. Termination of Merger Agreement with Flowserve Corporation: On June 3, 2025, Chart entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Flowserve Corporation, a New York corporation (“Flowserve”), Big Sur Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Flowserve, and Napa Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Flowserve (the “Flowserve Merger Agreement”). 12 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) On July 28, 2025, prior to entering into the Merger Agreement, Chart, Flowserve, Big Sur Merger Sub, Inc., and Napa Merger Sub LLC entered into a Termination Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the Flowserve Merger Agreement (the “Termination Agreement”). Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, a termination payment of $266 million (the “Flowserve Termination Payment”) was paid in cash to Flowserve (of which, as noted above, $258 million was paid by Baker Hughes on Chart’s behalf and $8 million was paid by Chart). The Flowserve Termination Payment consists of the $250 million termination fee that is required to be paid to Flowserve under the Flowserve Merger Agreement plus an additional agreed upon amount of $16 million to reimburse Flowserve for certain expenses. In accordance with the Termination Agreement, Chart had an obligation to pay Flowserve $266 million. Of this amount, $258 million was paid by Baker Hughes on Chart’s behalf, and $8 million was paid directly by Chart as previously mentioned. As a result, we recorded $266 million to termination fee expense within our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2025. We recorded a corresponding liability of $258 million for termination fee paid by Baker Hughes Company within the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025. In addition, the Termination Agreement provides for a mutual release of all claims related to or arising out of the Flowserve Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, as well as a letter of intent between Chart and Flowserve to amend an existing supply agreement between them (or their affiliates) to extend the term and to expand the coverage thereof to include certain additional products of Flowserve during such term. Howden Acquisition: On March 17, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Howden from affiliates of KPS Capital Partners (the “Howden Acquisition”). The acquisition purchase price was $4.4 billion, which we financed with proceeds from borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility and term loans due March 2030, common and preferred stock issuances and a private offering of secured notes and unsecured notes. Howden is a leading global provider of mission critical air and gas handling products providing service and support to customers around the world in highly diversified end markets and geographies. The combination of Chart and Howden is complementary and furthers our global leadership position in highly engineered process technologies and products serving the Nexus of Clean ™ . Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of Chart Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. NOTE 2 - Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates: The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. These estimates may also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions based on a number of factors including the current macroeconomic conditions such as inflation and supply chain disruptions. Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents: We consider all investments with an initial maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included within other current assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For further information regarding restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents balances, refer to Note 9, “Debt and Credit Arrangements.” Accounts Receivable, Net of Allowances: Accounts receivable includes amounts billed and currently due from customers. The amounts due are stated at their net estimated realizable value. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide for the estimated amount of receivables that will not be collected. The allowance is based upon an assessment of customer creditworthiness, historical payment experience, the age of outstanding receivables and collateral to the extent applicable. In addition, we estimate expected credit losses based on historical loss information then adjust the estimates based on current, reasonable and supportable forecast economic conditions. trade receivable balances are written off when our internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful. As a practical expedient, we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect, at contract inception, that the period between our transfer of a promised product or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that product or service will be one year or less. We do not typically include extended payment terms in our contracts with customers. 13 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost being determined by the , (“FIFO”) method. We determine inventory valuation reserves based on a combination of factors. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific problem in the valuation of a certain item, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the item to its net realizable value. We also recognize reserves based on the actual usage in recent history and projected usage in the . Unbilled Contract Revenue: Unbilled contract revenue represents contract assets resulting from revenue recognized over time in excess of the amount billed to the customer and the amount billed to the customer is not just subject to the passage of time. Billing requirements vary by contract but are generally structured around the completion of certain milestones. These contract assets are generally classified as current. Property, Plant and Equipment: Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, whereas major improvements that extend the useful life are capitalized. The cost of applicable assets is depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the method for financial reporting purposes and accelerated methods for income tax purposes. Lessee Accounting: At lease inception, we determine if an arrangement is a lease and if it includes options to extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain that the options will be exercised. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a basis over the lease term for operating leases. Operating leases are recognized as (“ROU”) assets and are included within property, plant and equipment, net, and lease liabilities are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are recognized as ROU assets and are included within other assets. They are then amortized over the lesser of the lease term or useful economic life of the underlying asset. Operating lease liabilities are included within other current liabilities and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease liabilities are included within other current liabilities and other liabilities. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized on the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available on the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lessor Accounting: Similar to lessee accounting, at lease inception we determine if an arrangement is a lease. The net investment of our lease receivables is measured at the commencement date as the present value of the lease payments not yet received. Operating leases are reported at cost as equipment leased to others within property, plant and equipment, net in our consolidated balance sheets and depreciated based on their useful lives on a basis. Sales from and operating leases are presented net of sales tax and other related taxes. Interest income is recognized over the lease term using the effective interest method and is classified as interest expense, net in our consolidated statements of income. Lease payments from operating leases are recorded as income on a basis over the lease term. Assets: We monitor our property, plant, equipment, and intangible assets for impairment indicators on an ongoing basis. Assets are grouped and tested at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available. If impairment indicators exist, we perform the required analysis and record impairment charges, if applicable. In conducting our analysis, we compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the assets to the related net book values. If the undiscounted cash flows exceed the net book value, the assets are considered not to be impaired. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. An impairment loss is measured as the difference between the net book value and the fair value of the assets. Fair value is estimated from discounted future net cash flows (for assets held and used) or net realizable value (for assets held for sale). Changes in economic or operating conditions impacting these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of assets. We amortize intangible assets that have finite lives over their estimated useful lives. 14 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Goodwill and Intangible Assets: Goodwill is recognized as the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We do not amortize goodwill or intangible assets, but review them for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an evaluation should be completed. Goodwill is analyzed on a reporting unit basis. The reporting units are the same as our operating and reportable segments, which are as follows: Cryo Tank Solutions, Heat Transfer Systems, Specialty Products and Repair, Service & Leasing. We first evaluate qualitative factors, such as macroeconomic conditions and our overall financial performance to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We then evaluate how significant each of the identified factors could be to the fair value or carrying amount of a reporting unit and weigh these factors in totality in forming a conclusion of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount (the “Step 0 Test”). If we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the first step of the goodwill impairment test is not necessary. Otherwise, we would proceed to the first step of the goodwill impairment test. Alternatively, we may also bypass the Step 0 Test and proceed directly to the first step of the goodwill impairment test. Under the first step (“Step 1”), we estimate the fair value of the reporting units by considering income and market approaches to develop fair value estimates, which are weighted to arrive at a fair value estimate for each reporting unit. With respect to the income approach, a model has been developed to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. This fair value model incorporates estimates of future cash flows, estimates of allocations of certain assets and cash flows among reporting units, estimates of future growth rates and management’s judgment regarding the applicable discount rates to use to discount such estimates of cash flows. With respect to the market approach, a guideline company method is employed whereby pricing multiples are derived from companies with similar assets or businesses to estimate fair value of each reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying amount of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, then goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. However, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment charge is based on the excess of a reporting unit’s carrying amount over its fair value (i.e., we would measure the charge based on the result from Step 1). In order to assess the reasonableness of the calculated fair values of the reporting units, we also compare the sum of the reporting units’ fair values to the market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the sum of the reporting units’ fair values over the market capitalization). We evaluate the control premium by comparing it to control premiums of recent comparable transactions. If the implied control premium is not reasonable in light of this assessment, we reevaluate the fair value estimates of the reporting units by adjusting the discount rates and other assumptions as necessary. Changes to the assumptions and estimates used throughout the steps described above may result in a significantly different estimate of the fair value of the reporting units, which could result in a different assessment of the recoverability of goodwill and result in future impairment charges. With respect to intangible assets, we first evaluate relevant events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If, in weighing all relevant events and circumstances in totality, we determine that it is more likely than not that an intangible asset is not impaired, no further action is necessary. Otherwise, we would determine the fair value of intangible assets and perform a quantitative impairment assessment by comparing the intangible asset’s fair value to its carrying amount. We may bypass such a qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative assessment. We estimate the fair value of the assets using the income approach. This may include the relief from royalty method or use of a model similar to the one described above related to goodwill which estimates the future cash flows attributed to the intangible asset and then discounting these cash flows back to a present value. Under the relief from royalty method, fair value is estimated by discounting the royalty savings, as well as any tax benefits related to ownership to a present value. The fair value from either approach is compared to the carrying value and an impairment is recorded if the fair value is determined to be less than the carrying value. 15 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Equity Method Investments: Investments, including certain of our joint ventures, where Chart has the ability to exercise significant influence over, but does not possess control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Judgment regarding the level of influence over each investment includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, our representation on the investee’s board of directors and participation in decisions. We recognize the equity method investee’s proportionate share of the earnings and losses and classify as equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net in our consolidated statements of income. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. If a decline in the value of an equity method investment is determined to be other than temporary, an impairment loss is recognized in earnings for the amount by which the carrying amount of the investment exceeds its estimated fair value. Equity method investments are included within other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Investments in Equity Securities: We measure certain of our investments in equity securities where we have no significant influence and generally less than 20% ownership interest at fair value on a recurring basis according to the fair value hierarchy as defined below. We reassess measurement options for these investments on a quarterly basis. fair value adjustments in these investments in equity securities are classified within other expense (income), net in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Investments in equity securities for which there is no readily determinable fair value are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. Investments in equity securities are included within other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Customer Advances and Billings in Excess of Contract Revenue: Our contract liabilities consist of advance customer payments, billings in excess of revenue recognized and deferred revenue. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a basis at the end of each reporting period. We classify advance customer payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized as current. We classify deferred revenue as current or based on the timing of when we expect to recognize revenue. The current portion of deferred revenue is included in customer advances and billings in excess of contract revenue in our consolidated balance sheets. deferred revenue is included in other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Preferred Stock and Dividends: Preferred stock is evaluated to determine balance sheet classification, and all conversion and redemption features are evaluated for bifurcation treatment. Proceeds received net of issuance costs are recognized on the settlement date. Cash dividends become a liability once declared. Income available to common stockholders is computed by deducting from net income the dividends accumulated and earned during the period on cumulative preferred stock. Financial Instruments: The fair values of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and bank debt approximate their carrying amount because of the short maturity of these instruments. To minimize credit risk from trade receivables, we review the financial condition of potential customers in relation to established credit requirements before sales credit is extended and monitor the financial condition and payment history of customers to help ensure timely collections and to minimize losses. Additionally, for certain domestic and foreign customers, we require advance payments, letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances, and other such guarantees of payment. Certain customers also require us to issue letters of credit or performance bonds, particularly in instances where advance payments are involved, as a condition of placing the order. Fair Value Measurements: We measure our financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. Level 2 - Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 16 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Level 3 - Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment. Derivative Financial Instruments: We utilize certain derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage foreign currency risk that exists as part of ongoing business operations. Derivative instruments are entered into for periods consistent with related underlying exposures and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. We do not enter into contracts for speculative purposes nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as a result of transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of certain subsidiaries. We utilize foreign currency forward purchase and sale contracts to manage the volatility associated with foreign currency transactions in the normal course of business. Contracts typically have maturities of less than one year. Principal currencies include the U.S. dollar, the euro, the Chinese yuan, the Czech koruna, the Australian dollar, the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the Indian rupee, the Chilean peso, and South African rand. Our foreign currency forward contracts do not qualify as hedges as defined by accounting guidance. Foreign currency forward contracts are measured at fair value and recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as other liabilities, other current liabilities, other assets or other current assets. Changes in their fair value are recorded in the consolidated statements of income within other expense (income), net. Our foreign currency forward contracts are not exchange traded instruments and, accordingly, the valuation is performed using Level 2 inputs as defined above. Gains or losses on settled or expired contracts are recorded in the consolidated statements of income as foreign currency gains or losses. We enter into a combination of swaps and foreign exchange collars as a net investment hedge of our investments in certain international subsidiaries that use the euro as their functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates. Our swaps and foreign exchange collars are measured at fair value and recorded on the consolidated balance sheets within other assets or other liabilities. Changes in fair value are recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within accumulated other comprehensive loss. See Note 9, “Debt and Credit Arrangements,” for further information regarding the swaps and foreign exchange collars. Our derivative contracts are subject to master netting arrangements or agreements between the Company and each counterparty for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default or termination of any one contract with that certain counterparty. It is our practice to recognize the gross amounts in the consolidated balance sheets. Business Combinations: We account for business combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, “Business Combinations.” We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, is assigned to goodwill. As additional information becomes available, we may further revise the preliminary acquisition consideration allocation during the remainder of the measurement period, which shall not exceed twelve months from the closing of the acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets generally consist of customer relationships, unpatented technology, patents and trademarks and trade names and are amortized over their estimated useful lives which generally range from 2 to 15 years. Identifiable intangible assets generally consist of trademarks and trade names and are subject to impairment testing on at least an annual basis. We estimate the fair value of identifiable intangible assets under income approaches where the fair value models incorporate estimates of future cash flows, estimates of allocations of certain assets and cash flows, estimates of future growth rates, and management’s judgment regarding the applicable discount rates to use to discount such estimates of cash flows. As such, acquisitions are classified as Level 3 fair value hierarchy measurements and disclosures. We expense transaction related costs, including legal, consulting, accounting and other costs, in the periods in which the costs are incurred. 17 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Revenue Recognition: Revenue is recognized when (or as) we satisfy performance obligations by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. A contract with a customer exists when there is commitment and approval from both parties involved, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are defined, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable. An asset is transferred to a customer when, or as, the customer obtains control over that asset. In most contracts, the transaction price includes both fixed and variable consideration. The variable consideration contained within our contracts with customers includes discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, incentives, performance bonuses, penalties and other similar items. When the period between when we transfer a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service is expected, at contract inception, to be one year or less, we do not adjust for the effects of a significant financing component. When a contract includes variable consideration, we evaluate the estimate of the variable consideration and determine whether the estimate needs to be constrained; therefore, we include the variable consideration in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Variable consideration estimates are updated at each reporting date. When a contract includes multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated among the performance obligations based upon the stand alone selling prices. In certain contracts, we are engaged to engineer and build products and systems. In these circumstances, we produce an asset with no alternative use and have a right to payment for performance completed to date. For these contracts, revenue is recognized as we satisfy the performance obligations computed using input methods such as costs incurred. Input methods recognize revenue on the basis of the entity’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation. The costs incurred input method measures progress toward the satisfaction of the performance obligation by multiplying the transaction price of the performance obligation by the percentage of incurred costs as of the balance sheet date to the total estimated costs at completion after giving effect to the most current estimates. Revisions to estimated cost to complete that result from inefficiencies in our performance that were not expected in the pricing of the contract are expensed in the period in which these inefficiencies become known. Contract modifications can change a contract’s scope, price, or both. Approved contract modifications are accounted for as either a separate contract or as part of the existing contract depending on the nature of the modification. Where contracts do not meet the over time recognition requirements, the company recognizes revenue at a point in time. For these contracts, revenue is recognized when we satisfy our performance obligation to the customer. The specific point in time when control transfers depends on the contract with the customer, contract terms that provide for a present obligation to pay, physical possession, legal title, risk and rewards of ownership, acceptance of the asset, and arrangements may impact the point in time when control transfers to the customer. We recognize revenue under arrangements when control transfers and the reason for the arrangement is substantive, the product is separately identified as belonging to the customer, the product is ready for physical transfer and we do not have the ability to use the product or direct it to another customer. Incremental contract costs are expensed when incurred when the amortization period of the asset that would have been recognized is one year or less; otherwise, incremental contract costs are recognized as an asset and amortized over time as promised goods and services are transferred to a customer. When losses are expected to be incurred on a contract, we recognize the entire anticipated loss in the accounting period when the loss becomes evident. The loss is recognized when the current estimate of the consideration we expect to receive, modified to include unconstrained variable consideration instead of constrained variable consideration, is less than the current estimate of total costs for the contract. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific transaction that are collected by us from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling fee revenues and the related expenses are reported as fulfillment revenues and expenses for all customers. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in cost of sales. Amounts billed to customers for shipping are classified as sales, and the related costs are classified as cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income. 18 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Cost of Sales: Manufacturing expenses associated with sales are included in cost of sales. Cost of sales includes all materials, direct and indirect labor, inbound freight, purchasing and receiving, inspection, internal transfers, and distribution and warehousing of inventory. In addition, shop supplies, facility maintenance costs, manufacturing engineering, project management, and depreciation expense for assets used in the manufacturing process are included in cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income. Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses: SG&A expenses include selling, marketing, customer service, product management and other administrative expenses not directly supporting the manufacturing process, as well as depreciation expense associated with assets. In addition, SG&A expenses include corporate operating expenses for executive management, accounting, tax, treasury, corporate development, human resources, information technology, investor relations, legal, internal audit and risk management. Amortization Expense: Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized on a basis over their estimated useful lives, which vary depending on the type of intangible assets. In determining the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, we consider the nature, competitive position, life cycle and historical and expected future operating cash flows of each acquired assets. Research and Development Costs: We incurred research and development costs of $41.9, $38.3, and $23.3 for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Such costs are expensed as incurred and included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Foreign Currency Translation: The functional currency for the majority of our foreign operations is the applicable local currency. The translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. dollars is performed for asset and liability accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using the average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive (loss) income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Certain of our foreign entities remeasure from local to functional currencies, which is then translated to the reporting currency of the Company. Remeasurement from local to functional currencies is included in cost of sales or other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are charged to other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of income as incurred. Income Taxes: The Company and its U.S. subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between financial reporting and the consolidated tax return in accordance with the liability method. A valuation allowance is provided against net deferred tax assets when conditions indicate that it is more likely than not that the benefit related to such assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, the valuation allowance will be adjusted with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. We utilize a approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position and determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are accounted for as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. We are subjected to a tax on Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (“GILTI”), which we record as a period cost as incurred. Compensation: We measure compensation expense for payments to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options, restricted stock, restricted share units and performance units based on the fair value. The fair value of stock options is calculated using the pricing model and is recognized on an accelerated basis over the vesting period. The fair value 19 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) calculation under the pricing model requires the use of variables such as exercise term of the option, future volatility, dividend yield, and interest rate. The fair value of restricted stock and restricted share units is based on Chart’s market price on the date of grant and is generally recognized on an accelerated basis over the vesting period. The fair value of performance units is based on Chart’s market price on the date of grant and performance and market conditions as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and is recognized on a basis over the performance measurement period based on the probability that the performance and market conditions will be achieved. We reassess the vesting probability of performance units each reporting period and adjust compensation expense based on our probability assessment. compensation expense for all awards considers estimated forfeitures. During the year, we may repurchase shares of common stock from equity plan participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting or payment of equity awards. All such repurchased shares are retired in the period in which the repurchases occur. Defined Benefit Pension Plans: We sponsor multiple defined benefit pension plans. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation. The change in the funded status of the plan is recognized in the year in which the change occurs through accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. Our funding policy is to contribute at least the minimum funding amounts required by law. Management has chosen policies according to accounting guidance that allow the use of a calculated value of plan assets, which generally reduces the volatility of expense (income) from changes in pension liability discount rates and the performance of the pension plans’ assets. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards: In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” The amendments in this update enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. This update enhances the rate reconciliation by requiring disclosure of specific categories and additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. The update also requires enhanced annual disclosures related to income taxes paid, income from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated between domestic and foreign, and income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations disaggregated by federal (national), state, and foreign. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We have adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2025 and applied the amendments on a prospective basis. Recently Issued Accounting Standards (Not Yet Adopted): In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-10, “Accounting for Government Grants”, which adds guidance to ASC 832 on the recognition, measurement, and presentation of government grants. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2028, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The updates required by this standard are to be applied either by a modified prospective approach, modified retrospective approach, or a full retrospective approach. We are currently assessing the effect this ASU will have on our financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-07, “Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) and Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)”, which refines the scope of the guidance on derivatives in ASC 815 and clarifies the guidance on payments from a customer in ASC 606. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The updates required by this standard are to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. We are currently assessing the effect this ASU will have on our financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-06, “Intangibles—Goodwill and Other— Software (Subtopic 350-40)”, which provides guidance to clarify and modernize the accounting for costs related to software. The guidance removes references to project stages throughout ASC 350-40 and clarifies the threshold entities apply to begin capitalizing costs. Additionally, the guidance specifies that the property, plant and equipment disclosure requirements under ASC 360-10 apply to capitalized software costs accounted for under ASC 350-40, regardless of how those costs are presented in the financial statements. The amendments in this update are 20 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The updates required by this standard are to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. We are currently assessing the effect this ASU will have on our financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-05, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets”, which introduces a practical expedient for the application of the current expected credit loss model to current accounts receivable and contract assets. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The updates required by this standard are to be applied prospectively. We are currently assessing the effect this ASU will have on our financial position, results of operations, and disclosures, and do not expect a material impact. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses”, which is intended to improve expense disclosures, primarily by requiring disclosure of disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items on an annual and interim basis. The amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The updates required by this standard are to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. We are currently assessing the effect this ASU will have on our disclosures. NOTE 3 - Segment and Geographic Information We have four reportable segments which reflect the manner in which our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) reviews results and allocates resources. Each segment is organized and managed based upon the nature of our markets and customers and consists of similar products and services. Each of our four reportable segments operate globally and are also our operating segments: Cryo Tank Solutions, Heat Transfer Systems, Specialty Products and Repair, Service & Leasing. Our Cryo Tank Solutions segment, which has principal operations in the United States, Europe and Asia, serves most geographic regions around the globe, supplying bulk, microbulk and mobile equipment used in the storage, distribution, vaporization, and application of industrial gases and certain hydrocarbons. Our Heat Transfer Systems segment, with principal operations in the United States and Europe, also serves most geographic regions globally, supplying engineered equipment and systems used in the recovery, separation, liquefaction, and purification of hydrocarbons, LNG and industrial gases that span applications. Our Specialty Products segment supplies products used in specialty applications including engineered liquefaction, storage and compression equipment for hydrogen and helium, LNG for vehicles, biofuels, carbon capture, food and beverage, aerospace, nuclear, marine, mining, lasers and water treatment end markets. Our Repair, Service & Leasing segment provides installation, retrofitting and refurbishment, services and repairs, preventative and contractual maintenance, and digital solutions of Chart’s stationary (liquefaction, fueling stations, among other products) and rotating equipment (compression, fans, among other products) globally in addition to providing targeted equipment leasing solutions. Corporate includes certain unallocated operating expenses for executive management, accounting, tax, treasury, corporate development, human resources, information technology (“IT”), investor relations, legal, internal audit, and risk management. Corporate support functions are not currently allocated to the segments. As previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 17, 2025, Jillian C. Evanko, our former President, Chief Executive Officer and a former member of our board of directors, resigned from her position effective as of January 6, 2026. During the periods presented, our CODM, who was our Chief Executive Officer and President, Ms. Evanko, evaluated each segment’s performance and allocated resources based on operating income as determined in our consolidated statements of income. The CODM used operating income for each segment predominantly in the annual budget and forecasting process. The CODM considered and period actual variances on a quarterly basis when making decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources to each segment. Furthermore, the CODM used segment operating income for evaluating pricing strategy and assessing the performance of each segment by comparing the results of each segment with one another and in determining the compensation of certain employees. 21 CHART INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Segment Financial Information Year Ended December 31, 2025 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems Specialty Products Repair, Service & Leasing Total Segments Corporate & Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated Sales $ 624.2 $ 1,237.7 $ 1,098.4 $ 1,303.7 $ 4,264.0 $ — $ 4,264.0 Cost of sales 480.9 802.8 816.1 726.4 2,826.2 — 2,826.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 67.8 50.7 128.2 161.6 408.3 210.8 619.1 Termination fee expense — — — — — 266.0 266.0 Amortization expense 7.6 19.8 20.4 146.5 194.3 — 194.3 Operating income (loss) 67.9 364.4 133.7 269.2 835.2 (476.8 ) 358.4 Depreciation expense (1) 15.4 17.0 24.8 17.2 74.4 12.6 87.0 Year Ended December 31, 2024 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems Specialty Products Repair, Service & Leasing Total Segments Corporate & Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated Sales $ 637.9 $ 1,035.3 $ 1,114.3 $ 1,372.7 $ 4,160.2 $ 0.1 $ 4,160.3 Cost of sales 494.4 736.3 813.2 727.5 2,771.4 0.1 2,771.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 61.2 45.6 106.6 150.0 363.4 184.0 547.4 Amortization expense 7.7 20.1 21.4 144.7 193.9 — 193.9 Operating income (loss) 74.6 233.3 173.1 350.5 831.5 (184.0 ) 647.5 Depreciation expense (1) 14.3 17.7 8.3 27.7 68.0 8.0 76.0 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems Specialty Products Repair, Service & Leasing Total Segments Corporate & Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated Sales $ 640.8 $ 891.2 $ 819.9 $ 1,029.2 $ 3,381.1 $ (28.6 ) $ 3,352.5 Cost of sales 508.8 644.4 598.5 589.0 2,340.7 (28.6 ) 2,312.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 70.9 54.1 82.6 116.1 323.7 162.6 486.3 Amortization expense 6.6 16.9 19.1 120.8 163.4 — 163.4 Operating income (loss) 54.5 175.8 119.7 203.3 553.3 (162.6 ) 390.7 Depreciation expense (1) 16.6 15.7 5.6 24.3 

[truncated]