Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 51 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 52 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 55 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 56 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 57 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 97 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 97 Item 9B. Other Information 97 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 97 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 98 Item 11. Executive Compensation 98 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 98 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 99 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 99 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 100 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 102 Signatures 103 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | i PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Baker Hughes Company ("Baker Hughes," "the Company," "we," "us," or "our") is an energy technology company with a diversified portfolio of technologies and services that span the energy and industrial value chain. Built on a century of experience and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward. OUR VISION & STRATEGY With our diverse portfolio, leading technology, and unique partnership models, we are positioned to deliver solutions across the energy and industrial markets. By integrating health, safety & environment ("HSE") into everything we do, we protect our people, our customers, and the environment. The oil and gas macroeconomic environment continues to be complex. While we believe the world will need hydrocarbons for many decades to come - and therefore oil and gas will continue to remain relevant in meeting global energy demand - we also acknowledge the need to transition to new energy sources. Over the last several years, this transition has progressed, with governments and society focused on a goal of emissions while trying to balance the "energy trilemma" - energy security, sustainability, and affordability. There is a growing consensus the energy transition will likely take longer than many expected due to its inherent complexity overcoming technology, economics, politics, and regulatory challenges. We believe the industry is going through a transformation that requires a change in how work gets done to enable sustainable energy development. Our existing and new customers require new partnerships, commercial models and technology solutions to deliver sustainable productivity improvements and leverage economies of scale, with a lower carbon footprint. That is why our strategy is focused on improving our core competitiveness and delivering solutions today, while positioning to lead the energy transition and solving the energy trilemma. Our unique and diversified portfolio is expected to benefit regardless of how quickly the energy transition develops. Our strategy is based on three key pillars: • Transform the core : We are transforming our current business to improve margins and cash flow, which we are achieving through portfolio rationalization, cost improvement, and new business models. • Driving profitable growth: We are driving organic and inorganic growth to build our businesses in high potential markets where we have a strong position, including integrated solutions, mature assets solutions, and enhanced digital solutions. • Delivering results in new energy: We are making strategic investments to drive lower carbon emissions in the energy and industrial sectors, including hydrogen; carbon capture, utilization and storage ("CCUS"); geothermal; and clean power solutions ("clean power" refers to lower carbon intensity, lower lifecycle emissions, and lower quantity of greenhouse gas emissions resulting directly from fuel combustion, relative to conventional power sources derived from fossil fuels). We expect to benefit from our strategy in the following ways: • Scope and scale: We have a global presence and a broad, diversified portfolio. Our products, services, and expertise serve the upstream, midstream/liquefied natural gas ("LNG") and downstream sectors of the oil and gas industry, as well as broader chemical and industrial segments across a variety of verticals. We deliver through our two operating segments: Oilfield Services & Equipment ("OFSE") and Industrial & Energy Technology ("IET") as discussed below under "Products and Services," and each are among the top providers for the majority of the product lines in the markets they serve. • Technology: Our culture is built on a heritage of innovation and invention through research and development, with complementary capabilities. Technology remains a differentiator for us and a key enabler to drive the efficiency and productivity gains our customers require, as well as paving the way for longer term sustainable energy development. We also have a range of technologies that support our customers' Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 1 efforts to reduce their carbon footprint. We remain committed to investing in our products and services to maintain our leadership position across our offerings, including $643 million research and development ("R&D") spend and being granted more than 1,600 patents worldwide in 2024. • Energy transition solutions: We are positioned to support our customers' efforts to reduce their carbon footprint with a range of products and services, which we refer to as "new energy." This includes turnkey solutions for flare reduction, CCUS, hydrogen production, transportation, storage and distribution, geothermal and clean power solutions. Over the past several years, we have made progress in strategic investments and acquisitions in emerging energy technologies to advance CCUS, hydrogen, clean power and e-fuels, as well as established strategic partnerships with companies such as HIF Global, Air Products and NET Power, among others. We also continue to expand our low to solutions capabilities, helping customers to detect, quantify, and reduce emissions more efficiently and accurately, and complementing our existing solutions. • Digital capabilities: We expect to benefit from the emerging demand for more intelligent operations and the adoption of artificial intelligence ("AI") based solutions as part of our customers' digital transformation initiatives. In 2024, we launched CarbonEdge TM , powered by Cordant TM , an digital solution for CCUS operations. We also signed an agreement with Repsol to collaboratively develop and deploy AI capabilities through our Leucipa™ automated field production solution. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Our two operating segments are organized based on the nature of our markets and customers. We sell to our customers through direct and indirect channels. Our primary sales channel is through our direct sales force, which has a strong regional focus with local teams close to the customer, who are able to draw support from centers of excellence in each of our major product lines. Our products and services are sold in highly competitive markets and the competitive environment varies by product line. See discussion below by segment. Oilfield Services & Equipment The OFSE segment designs and manufactures products and provides related services and integrated solutions for onshore and offshore oilfield operations across the life cycle of an asset, ranging from exploration, appraisal, and development to production, rejuvenation, and decommissioning. Beyond its traditional oilfield concentration, OFSE is also expanding its capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the challenges of the energy transition, including focusing on new energy areas, such as geothermal and CCUS, strengthening its digital architecture, and addressing key energy market themes. The OFSE segment is organized into four product lines. • Well Construction focuses on drilling and includes drilling services (directional drilling, , surface logging, and remote operations), drill bits (polycrystalline, roller cone, hybrid, and sensing), and drilling & completion fluids ( , , specialty, , and completion fluids; and waste management). • Completions, Intervention, and Measurements encompasses completions (wellbore construction, upper and lower completions, unconventional multistage completions, intelligent production systems, workover systems, and fishing and services), pressure pumping (cementing, production enhancement, coiled tubing, and tubular running services), and wireline services (openhole logging services, logging services, and perforating and drill services). • Production Solutions spans artificial lift systems (electrical submersible pumping systems, surface pumping systems, rigless deployment systems, and sensors and gauges) and oilfield & industrial chemicals (upstream, downstream, and Aquaness TM wholesale chemicals). • Subsea & Surface Pressure Systems includes subsea projects and services (subsea trees, controls, manifolds, wellheads, premium casing connectors, installation and commissioning, repairs and maintenance, well intervention, solutions, and plug and abandonment), flexible pipe systems Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 2 (subsea risers, subsea flowlines and jumpers, onshore reinforced thermoplastic pipe, and rehabilitation), and surface pressure control systems (surface trees and wellheads). These product lines are supported by an OFSE digital group, which combines OFSE's domain expertise with a deep understanding of digital technology to improve operational safety, performance, and sustainability. Reservoir analysis proficiencies are rooted in evaluation technologies, a team of reservoir experts, and software. Together, these capabilities provide customers with a greater understanding of the subsurface, enabling smoother, faster drilling and precise wellbore placement that can lead to improved recovery and project execution driving enhanced economics. OFSE also provides integrated well services and solutions to plan and execute projects ranging from well construction and production through well abandonment, in addition to integrated services and solutions for the subsea environment. OFSE customers include large integrated major and oil and natural gas companies; U.S. and international independent oil and natural gas companies; national or oil and natural gas companies; engineering, procurement, and construction contractors; geothermal companies; and other oilfield services companies. OFSE believes that its principal competitive differentiators in the industries and markets it serves are the technology, quality, efficiency, reliability, and availability of its products and services. A continued commitment to service delivery, HSE standards, technical proficiency, and competitive pricing is also a key factor in its success. OFSE products and services are sold in highly competitive markets. While OFSE may have contracts that include multiple well projects and that may extend over a period, its services and products are generally provided on a basis. Most contracts cover pricing of the products and services, along with various limitations on liability, but do not necessarily establish an obligation to use OFSE products and services. OFSE competitors include SLB, Halliburton, NOV, Weatherford, and TechnipFMC. Industrial & Energy Technology The IET segment combines a broad array of domain expertise, technologies, software, and services for energy and industrial customers including on- and offshore, LNG, pipeline and gas storage, refining, petrochemical, distributed gas, nuclear, hydrogen, carbon capture, utilization and storage, clean power, geothermal and renewables. It also provides cutting edge technology for consumers of energy and/or organizations who are reliant on infrastructure integrity across a broad variety of verticals including pulp & paper, food & beverage, industrial heating, automotive and aerospace. IET solutions unlock the ability to transform, transfer, and transport energy efficiently, while capturing and cutting emissions. The IET segment is organized into five product lines. • Gas Technology Equipment delivers highly efficient mechanical and compression and power generation technology for projects across the natural gas value chain. The product line's portfolio includes: • Drivers, which include gas turbines, gas turbines, small- to industrial gas turbines, steam turbines, hot gas and turboexpanders, and electric motors. • Driven equipment, which includes synchronous condensers, generators, reciprocating, centrifugal, and integrated compressors, and centrifugal pumps. • Turnkey solutions, which include power generation and gas compression modules, waste heat/energy/pressure recovery, energy storage, modularized small and large liquefaction plants, CO 2 compression, and storage/use solutions. • Gas Technology Services provides advanced aftermarket support and uptime availability in critical environments and through every stage of our customers' equipment and plant life cycle. The product line portfolio includes: • Designing, manufacturing, maintaining, and upgrading rotating equipment and combining sophisticated hardware technologies with software products. • Analytics to connect customers' assets, providing them with the data, safety and security needed to improve operations reliably and efficiently. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 3 • Genuine spare parts, system upgrades, conversion solutions, digital advanced services, and turnkey solutions to refurbish and improve the output from a single machine up to an entire plant. • Industrial Products includes a broad portfolio of component products and service offerings that enable industrial safety and productivity across diverse industry verticals. The product line's portfolio includes: • Waygate Technologies, which comprises testing technology, software, and services, including industrial radiography, ultrasonic sensors, testing machines and gauges, testing film, and remote visual inspection. • Process & Pipeline Services, which comprises and maintenance services to improve throughput and asset integrity for process facilities and pipelines, as well as inline inspection solutions to support pipeline integrity. • Valves and Gears, which comprises flow technology including industrial valves, regulators, control systems, gears and other flow and process control technologies. • Industrial Solutions offers a unique suite of hardware, software, and edge device solutions that enable asset health, performance and process optimization. Industrial Solutions combines several product lines to leverage our critical equipment hardware capability to migrate to offerings and through Cordant TM , a , solution that encompasses our hardware, software and services offerings. The product line's portfolio includes a number of product brands including: • Cordant Solutions technology includes the Bently Nevada® and System 1® product brands, providing vibrating monitoring equipment and sensors for both power generation and oil and gas operations, as well as industrial applications. The product line also provides integrated asset performance management. • Precision Sensors & Instrumentation device technology, including the Panametrics®, Druck®, and ® product brands, provides instrumentation and technologies to better detect and analyze pressure, flow, gas, moisture, radiation, and related conditions. • Climate Technology Solutions ("CTS") includes CCUS, hydrogen, clean power, geothermal and emissions abatement capabilities to enable energy operators, as well as users of energy in the broader industry, to achieve their emission reduction goals. This product line is the primary driver of the Company's new energy orders and is designed to accelerate the decarbonization of both energy and broader industrial verticals such as industries, like steel and cement. IET customers for the Gas Technology Equipment and Gas Technology Services product lines are industrial, upstream, midstream, and downstream, onshore and offshore, and scale. Midstream and downstream customers include LNG plants, pipelines, storage facilities, refineries, and a wide range of industrial and engineering, procurement, and construction companies. Products and services for the remaining IET product lines are primarily sold in a diversified arena to a broad range of customers and across multiple verticals, including aerospace, automotive, nuclear, oil and gas, mining, cement, metals, refinery and petrochemical, food and beverage, pulp & paper, and textile. IET differentiates itself from competitors with its diverse portfolio, expertise in technology and project management, local presence, and partnerships, to provide fully integrated solutions for a broad array of industry segments. IET competes across a wide range of industries, including oil and gas, power generation, aerospace, and light and heavy industrials. IET main competitors include Siemens Energy, Solar (a Caterpillar company), Mitsubishi Heavy Industry, Chart, Sulzer, Flowserve, and Emerson. CONTRACTS We conduct our business under various types of contracts in the upstream, midstream, and downstream sectors of the oil and gas industry, including or turnkey contracts, transactional agreements for products and services, and aftermarket service agreements. We also conduct business in a number of industrial Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 4 markets and provide critical equipment hardware capability for full plant offerings, asset performance management and process optimization. We benefit from stable relationships with many of our customers based on project contracts and master service agreements. Several of those contracts require us to commit to a fixed price based on the customer's technical specifications with little or no relief available due to changes in circumstances. In some cases, failure to deliver products or perform services within contractual commitments may lead to liquidated damages claims. We seek to mitigate these exposures through close collaboration with our customers. We strive to negotiate the terms of our customer contracts consistent with what we consider to be industry best practices. In connection with oil and gas operations, our customers typically indemnify us for certain claims arising from: the injury or death of their employees and often their contractors; the loss of or damage to their facility and equipment, and often that of their contractors; pollution originating from their equipment or facility; and all liabilities related to the well and subsurface operations, including loss or damage to the well or reservoir, loss of well control, fire, explosion, or any uncontrolled flow of oil or gas. Conversely, we typically indemnify our customers for certain claims arising from: the injury or death of our employees and often that of our subcontractors; the loss of or damage to our equipment; and surface pollution originating from our equipment while under our control. Where the above indemnities do not apply or are not consistent with industry best practices (e.g., in connection with industrial and/or digital sectors), we typically provide a capped indemnity for damages caused to the customer by our negligence and include an overall limitation of liability clause. It is also our general practice to include a limitation of liability for consequential loss, including loss of profits and loss of revenue, in all customer contracts. Our indemnity structure may not protect us in every case. Certain U.S. states have enacted oil and natural gas specific statutes that can void the allocation of liability agreed to in a contract. Applicable law or the negotiated terms of a customer contract may also limit indemnity obligations in the event of gross negligence or willful misconduct, or in the event of breaches of applicable laws or breach of confidentiality and/or intellectual property rights. We sometimes contract with customers that are not the end user of our products. It is our practice to seek to obtain an indemnity from our customer for any claims, but this is not always possible. Similarly, government agencies and other third parties may make claims in respect of which we are not indemnified and for which responsibility is assessed proportionate to fault. We have an established process to review any risk deviations from our standard contracting practices. The Company maintains a commercial general liability insurance policy program that covers against certain operating hazards, including product liability claims and personal injury claims, as well as certain limited environmental pollution claims for damage to a third party or its property arising out of contact with pollution for which the Company is liable; however, clean up and well control costs are not covered by such program. All of the insurance policies purchased by the Company are subject to deductible and/or retention amounts for which we are responsible for payment, specific terms, conditions, limitations, and exclusions. There can be no assurance that the nature and amount of Company insurance will be sufficient to fully indemnify us against liabilities related to our business. ORDERS AND REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS Remaining performance obligations ("RPO"), a defined term under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), are unfilled customer orders for products and product services excluding any purchase order that provides the customer with the ability to cancel or terminate without incurring a substantive penalty, even if the likelihood of cancellation is remote based on historical experience. For product services, an amount is included for the expected life of the contract. We recognized orders of $28.2 billion, $30.5 billion, and $26.8 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. We recognized OFSE orders of $15.2 billion, $16.3 billion, and $14.1 billion, and IET orders of $13.0 billion, $14.2 billion, and $12.7 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining performance obligations totaled $33.1 billion. As of December 31, 2024, OFSE remaining performance obligations totaled $3.0 billion, and IET remaining performance obligations totaled $30.1 billion. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 5 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We engage in R&D activities across the business directed toward the development of new products, services, technology, and other solutions, as well as bringing about a significant improvement to existing products and services, and the design of specialized products to meet specific customer needs. We also continue to invest and develop a range of technologies that support our customers' efforts to reduce their carbon footprint. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred $643 million of R&D expense. In OFSE, we continue to fund a range of formation evaluation, drilling, completions, and production capabilities and products. In parallel, and in strong collaboration with the IET technology organization, we are investing in strategic themes that fuel our future product and service portfolios. These include themes such as digital, automation, electrification, chemistry and materials, electronics, CCUS, and geothermal. Specifically for OFSE, in our Well Construction product line, we are improving reliability in and high shock and vibration environments ( conditions), through a combination of optimized design, automated operations, and integrated solutions that leverage our drilling tools, drill bits, and drilling fluids technologies. In our Completions, Intervention, and Measurements product line, we are investing in intelligent solutions and advanced measurements while creating a leadership position in the domain through the integration of our wireline measurement capabilities with the conveyance and intervention capabilities. In our Production Solutions product line, we are leveraging our artificial lift technologies with our chemical solutions to provide an optimized and automated portfolio of solutions. In our Subsea & Surface Pressure Solutions product line, we continue to develop subsea production systems that improve performance and reduce emissions through lighter design, automated operations, and electrification. Our offshore flexible pipe systems optimized for higher pressure temperature and CO2 content continue to deliver greater sustainability and performance. In IET, we continue to invest in and develop foundational technologies which will enable our journey for the energy transition. Such technologies include advanced materials, advanced manufacturing technologies, novel process technologies, and digital technologies such as advanced sensing & diagnostics, data sciences, and artificial intelligence. Within Gas Technology Equipment and Gas Technology Services product lines, we are focusing on our latest generation of gas turbines for energy efficiency and reduced carbon footprint such as our LM9000 TM and Nova LT TM products, as well as Allam Cycle turboexpander, CCUS, and hydrogen and geothermal technologies. Within Industrial Technology, we are investing in advanced digital solutions designed to improve the efficiency, reliability, and safety of oil and gas, aerospace, energy, and broader industrial production and operations. This includes our Orbit 60 Bently Nevada product for critical asset monitoring in turbine systems, including wind, hydro, and gas turbines. The IET segment is also enhancing its process and safety valve business bringing new digital applications including analytics to our customers. Investments in Industrial Technology also include technologies to measure, monitor, and minimize carbon emissions, new inspection technologies for nondestructive evaluation of materials and structures as well as solutions for industrial asset management. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Our technology, brands and other intellectual property ("IP") rights are important elements of our business. We rely on patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as and employee invention assignment agreements to protect our IP rights. Many patents and patent applications comprise the Baker Hughes portfolio and are owned by us. Other patents and patent applications applicable to our products and services are licensed to us by GE Aerospace (NYSE: GE) and GE Vernova (NYSE: GEV) and, in some cases, third parties. In particular, we have an IP agreement with GE Aerospace and GE Vernova that allows all parties to have continued rights to commercially utilize certain IP of the other pursuant to the terms of the agreement. The IP remains in place following General Electric exiting its ownership position in us. We do not consider any individual patent to be material to our business operations. We follow a policy of seeking patent and trademark protection in numerous countries and regions throughout the world for products and methods that we believe appear to have commercial significance. We believe that maintenance, protection and enforcement of our patents, trademarks, and related IP rights is central to the conduct of our business, and pursue protection of our IP rights against infringement, misappropriation, or other violation worldwide as may be necessary to protect our business. Additionally, we consider the quality and timely delivery of our products, the service we provide to our customers, and the technical knowledge and skills of our personnel to Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 6 be other important components of the portfolio of capabilities and assets supporting our ability to compete. If we are not able to protect our IP or if those rights are invalidated or circumvented, our business may be adversely affected. We may be subject to litigation and infringement claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling our products or services. SEASONALITY Our operations can be affected by seasonal events, which can temporarily affect the delivery and performance of our products and services, and our customers' budgetary cycles. Examples of seasonal events that can impact our business are set forth below: • In OFSE, adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico or extreme heat in the Middle East during the summer months, may impact our operations or our customers' operations, cause supply disruptions and result in a loss of revenue and/or damage to our equipment and facilities, which may or may not be insured. For more information on seasonal and weather conditions, see the "Operational Risks" section of Part 1 of Item 1A herein. • Severe weather during the winter months normally results in reduced activity levels in the North Sea in OFSE generally in the first quarter and may interrupt or curtail our operations, or our customers' operations, in those areas and result in a loss of revenue. • Many of our international OFSE customers may increase activity for certain products and services in the fourth quarter as they seek to fully utilize their annual budgets. • Our broader IET businesses typically experience higher customer activity, as a result of spending patterns in the second half of the year. RAW MATERIALS We purchase various raw materials and component parts for use in manufacturing our products and delivering our services. The principal raw materials we use include steel alloys, chromium, nickel, titanium, barite, beryllium, copper, lead, tungsten carbide, synthetic and natural diamonds, gels, sand and other proppants, printed circuit boards and other electronic components, and hydrocarbon-based chemical feed stocks. Raw materials that are essential to our business are normally readily available from multiple sources but may be subject to price volatility. We have seen prices stabilize for ferrous and metals and other raw materials, but availability of nickel based super alloys is constrained. Our procurement teams utilize advanced planning and may enter into strategic agreements with our global suppliers to minimize price impacts and other availability challenges. We anticipate some pricing and fulfillment volatility for certain raw materials, components, and certain logistics lanes to continue through 2025. In addition to raw materials and component parts, we also use the products and services of metal fabricators, machine shops, foundries, forge shops, assembly operations, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, packagers, indirect material providers, and others in order to produce and deliver products to customers. These materials and services are generally available from multiple sources. ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ("ESG") Sustainability We believe we have an important role to play in society as an industry leader and partner. We view ESG as a lever to transform the performance of our Company. In 2019, we made a commitment to reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from our operations by 50% by 2030 and achieve emissions by 2050. This goal encompasses emissions from our operations ("Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions") in alignment with the Paris Agreement and the specific recommendations of the United Nations ("UN") Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5 o C. We continue to make progress on emissions reductions. We reported in our 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report a 28.3% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions as compared to our 2019 base year. This reduction was primarily due to implementing energy efficiency initiatives, facility consolidation, increasing Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 7 electric power consumption from renewable energy sources, and improvements in our vehicle fleet, among other reasons. We plan to continue to employ a broad range of emissions reduction initiatives across manufacturing, supply chain, logistics, energy sourcing, and generation. Our latest Corporate Sustainability Report is available on the Company section of our website at www.bakerhughes.com . Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 ("Annual Report") and should not be considered part of this Annual Report or any other filing we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Our sustainability commitments include our formal participation in the UN Global Compact ("UNGC") and our commitment to the UNGC's Ten Principles including human rights, labor, environment, and , as well as the UNGC's Sustainable Development Goals. We have annually renewed our commitment to the UNGC since joining in 2019. Social & Human Capital At Baker Hughes, our people are central contributors to our purpose of taking energy forward. As an energy technology company with operations around the world, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success, and we aim to attract the best talent to support the energy transition. We strive to be an inclusive and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by learning and development opportunities, competitive compensation, benefits, health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 57,000 employees. More than 45,000 of our employees work outside the U.S. in over 85 different countries with more than 150 nationalities represented. This diversity of global perspectives makes our Company stronger, more resilient, and more responsive to our global customers. Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging At our core, we believe that unique ideas and diverse perspectives are the driving forces behind innovation. Our differences make us stronger. We value diversity in all its forms—gender, race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, ability, cultural background, religion, veteran status, experience, thought, and more—across the globe. We recognize that diverse teams, an equitable workplace, and an inclusive culture are essential for driving innovation and maintaining our competitive edge. These elements are critical to our business success and our mission of advancing energy solutions for our customers and the industry. Our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging strategic framework empowers us to recruit and retain the best talent, foster an inclusive culture, and strengthen our partnerships with customers and communities. As we continue to prioritize attracting, retaining and developing the best talent, we are dedicated to making meaningful progress across our organization, with a particular focus on inclusivity and belonging. Together, we are building a stronger, more innovative future. In 2024, the percentage of people who identify as women in our workforce, senior leadership positions, and on the Board of Directors ("the Board"), was 20%, 19%, and 33%, respectively. Specific to the U.S., 39% of our employees identify as people of color. We work to ensure we have access to and support strengthening our talent pipeline across the globe while prioritizing development and retention. We hold leadership accountable for integrating our Baker Hughes culture and behaviors into their respective parts of the business. Our talent strategy allows us to measure the outcomes and progress of our efforts, assign goals, develop accountability, and ensure transparency. Our corporate memberships with respected nonprofits, such as Ally Energy, Catalyst, , and the Women's Energy Network, provide partnership and guidance to support our goals. Our talent acquisition efforts as well as our eight global employee resource groups support the engagement, development and retention of talent across the organization. Talent Acquisition: We have a number of initiatives to support our global goals of attracting, and retaining, the best talent to Baker Hughes. We are also enabling and expecting fair and respectful treatment for all to ensure we are living out our Baker Hughes values and behaviors. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 8 At the beginning of 2024, Baker Hughes launched a rebranded Employee Value Proposition that captures the essence of our company – how it is unique and what it aspires to accomplish, balancing our current strength and the goals to be an employer of choice. Learn more at https://careers.bakerhughes.com/global/en . Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"): ERGs consist of employees who have joined together based on shared interests, characteristics, or life experiences. These groups can have a powerful influence on driving change by elevating the conversation and awareness around key issues and engaging with the communities where we operate while also providing opportunities for employee development, education, and professional growth. In 2024, we continued our support of the ERGs in several ways, including the opportunity for ERGs to nominate charitable organizations to receive grants from the Baker Hughes Foundation. We are continuing our culture journey by strengthening our six communities of interest groups, which bring together employees based on shared interests and enable employees to share information and ideas, find opportunities to participate in philanthropy and volunteerism, and learn best practices by engaging with colleagues on a specific topic or area of interest. These efforts have helped strengthen our Baker Hughes culture and have fostered closer connections between employees in communities around the world. Inclusive Culture: We have several programs and initiatives that cultivate an inclusive culture. The Baker Hughes Culture & Inclusion Council, comprised of executives across the organization, supports the success of our inclusivity and workplace culture ambitions and meets regularly to review progress and discuss ways in which we can continue to advance our efforts. Compensation and Benefits We are committed to paying for performance and supporting our employees' wellbeing, as well as the wellbeing of their families, by offering flexible and competitive benefits tailored by location to meet the specific needs of our employees. We regularly assess our total compensation and benefits programs through benchmarking with industry peers and local markets. We strive to ensure that our compensation programs are fair and equitable for all employees. Healthcare plans and life insurance are a core benefit of the Company and are provided in most locations. Baker Hughes offers various leaves of absence options for certain needs, including family care. We also continue to assess and provide programs that support our employees' work arrangements such as flexible schedules, compressed work weeks, hybrid work, remote work, and other options. Learning and Development Learning and Development is a personal journey at Baker Hughes. We empower our employees to follow their passion for personal knowledge, job related skills, development, and the domain expertise needed for professional and personal growth. In alignment with this, we continued to build upon the progress in our social learning communities, by completing our transition to an improved learning delivery platform. This change in the learning ecosystem simplified the user experience for our learners and enabled rich analytics for the team to continuously make the learning experience more engaging, impactful, and easy. Our learning communities CORE Values , CORE Strengths and JOURNEY continue to provide opportunities for all employees to learn, share and practice their learning with their peers no matter where they are in their career. CORE Values is a curated learning space centered around our Baker Hughes Values: Grow, Care, Collaborate, and Lead, and the behaviors associated with each. CORE Strengths adds focus to the critical skills (for example Data Analytics, Project Management, Change Management) that will help transform our organization, and JOURNEY is targeted for people leaders to help them transition into their leadership roles. We continue to offer learning opportunities to complement the robust virtual learning catalog with workshops and team development. Our formal leadership development programs play a pivotal role in attracting, retaining, and developing talent and increasing the pipeline of talent into and within the organization. As an example, Aspire is a rotational leadership program for recent graduates and employees to grow functional and leadership skills through challenging assignments, learning plans, and global projects. Health, Safety, Environment, and Wellness HSE is at the core of our culture as we are committed to doing the right thing to protect our employees, customers, the communities where we live and work, and the environment. We take a approach with Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 9 proactive and preventive programs to deliver safe, secure, and sustainable operations. We have established a stringent set of standards which meet or exceed global HSE regulatory requirements. Our commitment to HSE starts at the highest levels of our Company and is embedded throughout all layers of the organization. We encourage and empower all employees to take an active role in "owning" HSE by stopping work when conditions and/or behaviors are unsafe and reporting observations, near misses, and events through open reporting channels. Our ambition is to ensure each day we operate without serious injuries, accidents, or harm to the environment. Employees are required to complete recurring HSE training to bring awareness to potential hazards, regulatory obligations and performing activities safely. We offer over 225 HSE courses including foundational training required for all employees, workplace and training, and leadership training for managers. Our commitment to HSE goes beyond safety alone. Occupational health and wellness is a key competency jointly managed within our HSE and Human Resources ("HR") teams. The importance of physical health, ergonomics, preventative health care, and mental wellness cannot be overstated in promoting a healthy, engaged, and productive workplace. We work with our health benefit providers and internal teams to offer employees health and wellness programs, telemedicine access, health screenings, immunizations, fitness reimbursements, and virtual wellness tools. In 2024, the mental health and emotional of our employees was a critical priority. We provided resources and tools to our employees and will continue to annually host numerous events with Baker Hughes leaders and external experts. Our Employee Assistance Program provided employees and their family members direct access to professional coaches for counseling or referrals to community experts and extended care providers to navigate daily life and cope with major life events. Community Involvement Baker Hughes seeks to make a positive impact in the communities where we conduct business around the world. Consistent with our purpose and values, we work to advance environmental quality, educational opportunities, health, and wellness. We benefit our communities through financial contributions, donations of goods and services, and volunteer projects. The Baker Hughes Foundation makes strategic philanthropic contributions, matches Baker Hughes employee charitable contributions, and awards volunteer recognition grants for outstanding employee community service. Governance The Board believes the purpose of corporate governance is to maximize shareholder value in a manner consistent with legal requirements and the highest standards of integrity. The Board has adopted and adheres to corporate governance practices, which the Board and management believe promote this purpose, are sound, and represent best practices. The Board periodically reviews these governance practices, Delaware law (the state in which the Company is incorporated), the rules and listing standards of Nasdaq and SEC regulations, as well as best practices suggested by recognized governance authorities. The Board monitors and provides oversight over our ESG policies, programs, and practices regarding corporate responsibility and sustainability and plays an active role in overseeing our human capital management efforts. Our Human Capital and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our social strategy, policies, programs, and initiatives focusing on Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging as well as pay equity, culture, talent development, succession planning, and executive compensation and benefits. Our Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee provides oversight of the Company's environmental matters, including monitoring its sustainability strategy and initiatives, the management of employee health, safety, and wellness matters, and oversight of our positions on corporate social responsibilities and public issues of significance, including those related to privacy, digital safety and responsible AI, which affect investors and other key stakeholders. The Audit Committee provides oversight over the Company's risk assessment and risk management policies and processes, including data privacy, AI, and compliance reporting. Our Finance Committee provides oversight of our financial and investment policies and of the Company's principal finance, banking, and treasury matters, including the Company's capital structure (both equity and debt) and the principal terms of related financing transactions and requirements. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 10 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION Environmental Matters We are committed to the health and safety of people, protection of the environment and compliance with environmental laws, regulations and our policies. Our past and present operations include activities that are subject to extensive domestic (including U.S. federal, state and local) and international regulations concerning, among other things, air and water quality, waste management, occupational health and safety, and wildlife and land protection. Environmental regulations continue to evolve, and changes in standards of enforcement of existing regulations, as well as the enactment of new legislation or the issuance of judicial or agency opinions or orders, may require us and our customers to modify, supplement or replace equipment or facilities, obtain new or updated permits to conduct regulated activities, initiate investigatory and/or remedial measures, apply specific HSE criteria addressing employee protection and/or to change or discontinue present methods of operation. Our environmental compliance expenditures and our capital costs for environmental control equipment may change accordingly. Ongoing environmental compliance costs, such as obtaining environmental permits, installation and maintenance of pollution control equipment and waste disposal, are expensed as incurred. Based upon current information, we believe that our overall environmental regulatory compliance obligations, including investigatory and/or remediation obligations, environmental compliance costs and capital expenditures for environmental control equipment, will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position because we have either established adequate reserves or our compliance cost, based on available information, is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. While we seek to embed and verify sound environmental practices throughout our business, we are, and may in the future be, involved in investigation and/or remediation projects at current and former properties, typically related to historical operations and operations of our predecessor companies. In some cases, our remediation activities are conducted as specified by a government consent decree or agreed order. Remediation costs at these properties are accrued using currently available facts, existing environmental permits, technology and presently enacted laws and regulations. For sites where we have primary responsibility for the remediation, our cost estimates are developed based on internal evaluations and are not discounted. We record accruals when it is probable that we will be obligated to pay amounts for environmental site evaluation, investigation and/or remediation or related activities, and such amounts can be reasonably estimated. Accruals are recorded even if significant uncertainties exist over the ultimate cost of the remediation. Our total accrual for environmental remediation was $54 million and $58 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other Regulatory Matters We are subject to regulation by various U.S. federal regulatory agencies and by the applicable regulatory authorities in countries in which our products are manufactured or sold. Such regulations principally relate to the ingredients, classification, labeling, safety, manufacturing, packaging, transportation, advertising, and marketing of our products. Additionally, as a U.S. entity operating through subsidiaries in .S. jurisdictions, we are subject to foreign exchange control, transfer pricing and customs laws that regulate the import and export of goods as well as the flow of funds between us and our subsidiaries. In particular, the shipment of goods, services and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. Pursuant to their laws and regulations, governments may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities, which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. We are also required to comply with transfer pricing, securities laws, and other statutes and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other countries’ and regimes. As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine that began in February of 2022, governments in the U.S., United Kingdom ("U.K."), European Union ("EU"), and other countries enacted sanctions against Russia and certain Russian interests. As previously announced on March 19, 2022, we suspended any new investments in our Russia operations, but continued to comply with applicable laws and regulations as we fulfilled existing contractual obligations. As a result, we completed a number of actions during the course of 2022 and 2023 including the sale of part of our OFSE Russia business and suspended substantially all of our remaining operational activities in Russia. In 2024, our focus in Russia has been to continue to close local entities within the scope of western sanctions and Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 11 local regulation. We are continuing to closely monitor the developments in Ukraine and Russia and changes to sanctions all of which continued to make ongoing operations increasingly complex and significantly more challenging. For further information see "Note 20. Restructuring, Impairment and Other" and "Note 21. Business Dispositions and Acquisitions" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 herein. We are also subject to laws relating to data privacy and security and consumer credit, protection and fraud. An increasing number of governments worldwide have established laws and regulations, and industry groups also have promoted various standards, regarding data privacy and security, including with respect to the protection and processing of personal data. The legal and regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We are also subject to labor and employment laws, including regulations established by the U.S. Department of Labor and other local regulatory agencies, which sets laws governing working conditions, paid leave, workplace safety, wage and hour standards, and hiring and employment practices. While there are no current environmental or regulatory matters that we expect to have a material adverse impact on the results of our operations, financial position or cash flows or our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, there can be no assurances that existing or future environmental laws and other laws, regulations and standards, judicial or administrative opinions or orders applicable to our operations or products will not lead to such a material adverse impact. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), are made available free of charge on our internet website at www.bakerhughes.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, and can be found at their internet website www.sec.gov . In addition, our Corporate Sustainability reports are available on the Company section of our website at www.bakerhughes.com . Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Annual Report or any other filing we make with the SEC. We have a Code of Conduct to provide guidance to our directors, officers, and employees on matters of business conduct and ethics, including compliance standards and procedures. We also require our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer to sign a Code of Ethical Conduct Certification annually. The Code of Conduct, referred to as Our Way: The Baker Hughes Code of Conduct, and the Code of Ethical Conduct Certifications are available on the Investor section of our website at www.bakerhughes.com . We will disclose on a current report on Form 8-K or on our website information about any amendment or waiver of these codes for our executive officers and directors. Waiver information disclosed on our website will remain on the website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure of a waiver. Our Governance Principles and the charters of our Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Human Capital and Compensation Committee, and Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board are also available on the Investor section of our website at www.bakerhughes.com . In addition, a copy of the Code of Conduct, Code of Ethical Conduct Certifications, Governance Principles, and the charters of the committees referenced above are available in print at no cost to any shareholder who requests them. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 12 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF BAKER HUGHES COMPANY The following table shows, as of February 4, 2025, the name of each of our executive officers, together with his or her age and office presently or previously held. There are no family relationships among our executive officers. Name Age Position and Background Lorenzo Simonelli 51 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Lorenzo Simonelli has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since October 2017, and a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since July 2017. Prior to joining the Company in July 2017, Mr. Simonelli was Senior Vice President, GE and President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Oil & Gas from October 2013 to July 2017. Before joining GE Oil & Gas, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Transportation from July 2008 to October 2013. Mr. Simonelli joined GE in 1994 and held various finance and leadership roles from 1994 to 2008. He also currently serves on the Board of Iveco Group N.V. He is a Business & Economics Graduate from Cardiff University in South Wales. Nancy Buese 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nancy Buese is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Prior to joining the Company in November 2022, she served as Executive Vice President ("EVP") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of Newmont Corporation, a gold mining company from October 2016 to October 2022. Prior to her role at Newmont, Ms. Buese spent more than a decade as EVP & CFO of MarkWest Energy Partners, a leader in gathering, processing, and transportation of hydrocarbons, as well as EVP & CFO of MPLX (a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum) following MPLX's acquisition of MarkWest. She began her career in public accounting, starting with Arthur Andersen and rising to be a partner at Ernst & Young until 2003. She also serves on the Board of Chubb Limited since 2023. She holds a bachelor of science degree in accounting and business administration from the University of Kansas and is a Certified Public Accountant. James E. Apostolides 47 Senior Vice President, Enterprise Operational Excellence James E. Apostolides is the Senior Vice President of Enterprise Operational Excellence of the Company and is responsible for leading the Company's global supply chain, HSE, and ESG functions. Mr. Apostolides previously served as Senior Vice President of Enterprise Excellence from February 2020 to September 2022. In July 2017, he was appointed VP of Materials Management, Logistics, and Cash Operations. He began his career in 1999 with GE and held roles of increasing responsibility, including managerial positions in Shop Operations, Materials, Sourcing, and Fulfillment across multiple continents. He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute in the U.S. Maria Claudia Borras 56 Chief Growth & Experience Officer Maria Claudia Borras is the Chief Growth & Experience Officer of the Company. Ms. Borras previously served as Executive Vice President, Oilfield Services and Equipment from September 2022 to September 2024 and Executive Vice President, of Oilfield Services from July 2017 to September 2022. Prior to joining the Company, she served as the Chief Commercial Officer of GE Oil & Gas from January 2015 to July 2017. Prior to joining GE Oil & Gas, she held various leadership positions at Baker Hughes Incorporated including President, Latin America from October 2013 to December 2014, President, Europe Region from August 2011 to October 2013, Vice President, Global Marketing from May 2009 to July 2011. She has served on the Board of Tyson Foods Inc. since 2021. She holds a bachelor of science degree in petroleum engineering from Universidad de América, Bogotá-Colombia. Amerino Gatti 54 Executive Vice President, Oilfield Services and Equipment Amerino Gatti is the Executive Vice President, Oilfield Services and Equipment of the Company. Prior to joining the Company in September 2024, Mr. Gatti served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of TEAM, Inc., a provider of integrated specialty industrial services with operations in over 20 countries, from January 2018 to January 2022. Prior to joining TEAM, Inc. he spent 25 years with oilfield services firm Schlumberger and held various leadership positions, including Executive Officer and President of the Production Group for North America, Vice President and General Manager for Qatar and Yemen, Global Vice President for Sand Management Services and Vice President Marketing for North America. His earlier experience includes field operations, engineering and human resources across North America, South Asia and the Middle East. He earned a degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Alberta, Canada. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 13 Name Age Position and Background Ganesh Ramaswamy 56 Executive Vice President, Industrial & Energy Technology Ganesh Ramaswamy is the Executive Vice President, Industrial & Energy Technology. Prior to joining the Company in January 2023, Mr. Ramaswamy served as President of Global Services for Johnson Controls, a worldwide provider of technologies and solutions for buildings, from December 2019 to December 2022. Prior to joining Johnson Controls, he served at Danaher Corporation, a diversified manufacturer of life sciences, diagnostics, and industrial products and services, from April 2015 to December 2019 in various executive roles including Group Executive for Marking & Coding; President of Videojet Technologies; and Senior Vice President of High Growth Markets at Beckman Coulter Diagnostics. Prior to his career with Danaher, he held executive roles at Hoya Corporation, a global provider of endoscopic imaging products and solutions, including as President of Pentax Medical, from June 2011 to April 2015. He began his career in product development and general management at GE Global Research and GE Healthcare. He also currently serves on the Board of PACCAR, Inc. He holds a doctorate in mechanical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, a master's degree in business from the University of , a master's degree in mechanical engineering from Auburn University, and a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Kerala. Georgia Magno 46 Chief Legal Officer Georgia Magno is the Chief Legal Officer of the Company. Ms. Magno previously served as Vice President and General Counsel for the IET segment. She joined the Company in 2010, first as General Counsel for the global supply chain and holding subsequent legal roles of increasing complexity and responsibility across commercial, operational, and product line organizations in multiple countries including Italy and the U.S. Prior to joining the Company, she was an international litigator with the law firms of Cleary Gottlieb and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. She holds a J.D. from Università di Bologna and an L.L.M. from Harvard Law School and is admitted to practice law in both Italy and the U.S. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves various risks. When considering an investment in the Company, one should carefully consider all of the risk factors described below, as well as other information included and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. There may be additional risks, uncertainties and matters not listed below, that we are unaware of, or that we currently consider immaterial. Any of these may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and, thus, the value of an investment in the Company. OPERATIONAL RISKS We operate in a highly competitive environment, which may adversely affect our ability to succeed. Our investments in new technologies, equipment, and facilities may not provide competitive returns. We operate in a highly competitive environment for marketing our products and services and securing equipment across our portfolio. Our ability to continually provide competitive products and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. In order to be competitive, we must provide new and differentiating technologies, reliable products and services that perform as expected and that create value for our customers. We continue to invest in new technologies, equipment, and facilities and to expand our capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the challenges of a future. These efforts include expanding into new energy areas such as geothermal and carbon capture, utilization and storage, strengthening our digital architecture and addressing key energy market themes . Our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services is in part dependent on the industry's capacity relative to customer demand, on our ability to differentiate the value delivered by our products and services from our competitors' products and services and to provide innovative and competitive products and services to meet our client's evolving needs with respect to new energy areas. Managing development of competitive technology and new product introductions on a forecasted schedule and at a forecasted cost can impact our financial results. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive and innovative technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and manner in Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 14 response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, or as a result of the energy transition to lower carbon emitting technology, or if competing technology accelerates the obsolescence of any of our products or services, any competitive advantage that we may hold, and in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We have, and may in the future enter into, agreements with third parties to jointly develop certain technologies which may include financial or other commitments. Under the terms of these agreements, we may agree to share in the associated development and marketing costs for the developed technologies. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully develop these technologies in collaboration with these third parties that will adequately meet our customers' needs. Also, there can be no assurances that these joint development agreements will be commercially viable, successful or profitable. As a result, these joint development agreements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The potential transition risks posed by moving to a lower carbon economy could have an adverse effect on the demand for our technologies and services. There is increased focus by governments and our customers, investors and other stakeholders on climate change, sustainability, and energy transition matters. Transitioning to a economy will likely require extensive policy, legal, technology, and market changes. These changes may result in the enactment of climate regulations, judicial or administrative opinions, orders, policies and initiatives (at the government, regulator, corporate and/or investor community levels); technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy; increased availability of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, energy sources other than oil and natural gas and development of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, products and services as well as more efficient products and services. Our future success may depend on our ability to effectively execute on our energy transition strategy and the pace at which the energy transition unfolds. Our strategy depends on our ability to develop additional innovative technologies and work with our customers and partners to advance new energy solutions such as geothermal, CCUS, hydrogen energy, and other integrated solutions. If the energy transition occurs faster than anticipated or faster than we can transition, or if we are unable to execute our energy transition strategy as planned, demand for our technologies and services or access to capital could be adversely affected. If the energy transition occurs slower than anticipated, we could be developing technologies and services that are not responsive to the commercial needs of our customers. In addition, negative attitudes toward or perceptions of our industry or fossil fuel products and their relationship to the environment have led governments, organizations, and companies to implement initiatives to conserve energy and promote the use of alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for and production of oil and gas in areas of the world where our customers operate, and thus reduce future demand for our products and services. In addition, initiatives by investors and financial institutions to limit funding to companies in fossil industries may adversely affect our liquidity or access to capital. Disruptions in our supply chain, the high cost or unavailability of raw materials, equipment, and supplies essential to our business could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis. Our manufacturing operations are dependent on having sufficient raw materials, component parts and manufacturing capacity, including labor, available to meet our manufacturing plans on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost while minimizing inventories. Additional disruptions within our supply chain resulting from factors including, but not limited to, pandemic, inflation, rising interest rates, and shortages in labor supply, have had and may continue to have an impact on our business and reputation. Many of the raw materials essential to our business require the use of rail, storage, and trucking services to transport the materials to our job sites. These services, particularly during times of high demand, may cause delays in the arrival of or otherwise constrain our supply of raw materials. These constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. In addition, price increases imposed by our vendors for raw materials and transportation providers used in our business, and the inability to pass these increases through to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. As a result of these or any other factors, our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis, including our ability to meet our manufacturing plans Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 15 and revenue goals, control costs, and avoid shortages or of raw materials and component parts, could be adversely affected. The partial or complete loss of GE Vernova or GE Aerospace as suppliers, as well as contracts with our aeroderivative joint venture (the "Aero JV") with GE Vernova may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We currently have extensive commercial relationships with GE Vernova and GE Aerospace. Although we have contractual frameworks in place with both GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, if either GE Vernova or GE Aerospace were to discontinue or reduce their business with the Company, fail to perform their obligations under existing contracts (such as our supply agreement for gas turbines, the Second Amended and Restated Supply and Technology Development Agreement or the related intellectual property agreements with GE Aerospace) or experience disruptions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. In addition to our contracts and arrangements with GE Aerospace and GE Vernova as direct suppliers, we also have exposure to GE Aerospace and GE Vernova through the Aero JV. The Aero JV is jointly controlled by GE Vernova and us, and as a result, realizing the benefits of this joint venture depends on the continued cooperation between the parties. In addition, the business and financial performance of the Aero JV may be adversely affected if GE Aerospace fails to perform its obligations under its contracts with the Aero JV. We in turn use certain products and services purchased through the Aero JV for the manufacture and maintenance of various end products, and therefore, failure of the Aero JV to perform for any reason could prevent us from fulfilling our contractual obligations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively and our operations could be adversely affected. Our operations and future success depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain key personnel. People are a key resource to developing, manufacturing, and delivering our products and providing technical services and solutions to our customers around the world. A competent, , highly skilled, motivated, and diverse workforce has a positive impact on our ability to attract and retain business. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key employees, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Additionally, successfully executing organizational change as we restructure the Company, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company, and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include: employee morale, our brand reputation as an employer of choice, competition from other employers, our location strategy for key roles, investments in technology and systems, and availability of qualified individuals with the desired skills and experiences needed to grow our business. Other factors that have, and could continue to impact our workforce, are: changes to our office environments and the impact this could have on our Company culture, the adoption of new work models, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work or remotely, which may not meet the expectations of our employees. The implementation of our plan to restructure our corporate organization and operating segments may not achieve the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time the Company will embark upon restructuring activities, whether in response to business operating cycles or for more significant programs of strategic significance (for example the corporate realignment in 2022 which resulted in a focus on our two operating segments). Restructuring activities may be more costly than anticipated, and could lead to the diversion of management's attention from other business priorities. As a result of these or any other factors, we may not realize the anticipated benefits associated with the restructuring plan. There can be no assurance that the restructuring plan will materially increase our profitability. Even if the restructuring plan generates the benefits that we have anticipated, there may be other unforeseeable and unintended factors or consequences that occur as a result of the restructuring, which could adversely affect our business. Baker Hughes Company 2024 Form 10-K | 16 Our business could be impacted by both geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict, in countries where we or our customers do business and our business operations may be impacted by civil unrest and/or government expropriations. Geopolitical and terrorism threats continue to grow in a number of key countries where we currently or may in the future do business. Geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict among countries, has had and could in the future lead to, among other things, a loss of our investment in the country, adverse impact to our employees, and impairment of our or our customers' ability to conduct operations. Further, the broader consequences of geopolitical and terrorism threats, which may include further sanctions that prohibit our ability to do business in specific countries, embargoes, supply chain disruptions, the potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation, regional instability and geopolitical shifts, and the extent of any such threats effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. Certain geopolitical conflicts, such as between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Hamas, have had and may continue to have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in our public filings, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on regional and global macroeconomic conditions; increased volatility in the price and demand of oil and natural gas, increased exposure to ; limitations in our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; risks to employees and contractors that we have in the region; disruptions in global supply chains; exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; potential nationalizations and assets seizures; constraints or disruption in the capital markets and our sources of liquidity; our potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation. Any such risks may require us to record asset impairments and experience adverse operating impacts which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Control of oil and natural gas reserves by national oil companies may impact the demand for our services and products and create additional risks in our operations . Much of the world's oil and natural gas reserves are controlled by national oil companies. National oil companies may require their contractors to meet local content requirements or other local standards, such as conducting our operations through joint ventures with local partners that could be difficult or undesirable for us to meet. The failure to meet the local content requirements and other local standards may adversely impact our operations in those countries. In addition, our ability to work with national oil companies is subject to our ability to negotiate and agree upon acceptable contract terms. Our operations involve a variety of operating hazards and risks that could cause losses. The products that we manufacture and the services that we provide are complex, and the failure of our equipment to operate properly or to meet specifications may greatly increase our customers' costs. In addition, many of these products are used in inherently hazardous industries, such as the offshore oilfield business. These hazards include blowouts, explosions, unplanned or uncontrolled releases, events, fires, collisions, capsizings, and severe weather conditions. We may incur substantial liabilities or losses as a result of these hazards. Our insurance and contractual indemnity protection may not be sufficient or effective to protect us under all circumstances or against all risks. The occurrence of a significant event, against which we were not fully insured or indemnified or the failure of a customer to meet its indemnification obligations to us, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Seasonal and weather conditions, including severe weather associated with climate change, could adversely affect demand for our services and operations. Variation from normal weather patterns, such as cooler or warmer summers and winters, can have a significant impact on demand for our services and operations. Adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico or extreme winter conditions in Canada or the North Sea, may interrupt

[truncated]