Company Update Future Metals NL 09 August 2024 Company Update Continued Reduction in Corporate Expenditure Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ), advises that, in line with the Company's focus on prudent financial management and maintaining cash during the current period of low PGM prices, the Company's Executive Chair, Mr Patrick Walta, has voluntarily nominated to transition to a part time role with a reduced salary of $5,000 per month (from $30,000 per month) within effect from 1 August 2024. All other terms of Mr Walta's employment contract remain unchanged. The Company continues to maintain a focus on: - Drilling priority targets at Eileen Bore and within the Alice Downs Corridor, targeting new discoveries of Cu-Ni-PGM mineralisation in proximity to potential future operations at its Panton PGM Project; - Assessment of potential copper and precious metals project opportunities and/or asset within strategic proximity to the Panton PGM Project; and - Low-cost development opportunities at the Panton PGM Project and continued financial management of the Company. This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact : Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK Broker) +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 James Bellman / Rob Patrick The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as is forms part of United Kingdom domestic law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by virtue of the Maret Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 22 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and