Entitlement Offer Fully Underwritten Future Metals NL 04 June 2025 4 June 2025 Future Metals NL Entitlement Offer Fully Underwritten Future Metals NL ( Future Metals or the Company , ASX | AIM: FME ) refers to its announcements dated 7 May 2025 and 27 May 2025 in relation to the launch of the A$2.64 million (~£1.28 million) Entitlement Offer and the subsequent extension of the closing date of the Entitlement Offer. Highlights · Zeta receives Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) approval to acquire an interest above 9.99% in Future Metals · Entitlement Offer is now fully underwritten The Company is pleased to announce that Zeta Resources Limited ( Zeta ) has now received approval from the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) to acquire an interest above its current interest of 9.99% in the Company. Further to receipt of this approval, Zeta has committed to take up its full entitlement under the Entitlement Offer and subscribe for additional New Shares from any shortfall that may arise under the Entitlement Offer, with such allocation of shortfall being at the discretion of the Company. Accordingly, the Entitlement Offer is effectively fully underwritten. The Company wishes to remind shareholders that the closing date of the Entitlement Offer is 5:00 p.m. (AWST) / 10:00 a.m. (BST) on 13 June 2025. This release has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser) Patrick Walta James Bellman / Rob Patrick +61 8 9480 0414 +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 info@future-metals.com.au This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Trufin 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Living REIT plc 1 hour ago Dunelm Group 1 hour ago B90 Holdings NPV All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and