Receipt of A$180,000 EIS Grant Future Metals NL 14 May 2024 14 May 2024 Future Metals NL Receipt of A$180,000 EIS Grant to Drill Eileen Bore Mineralisation Highlights : · Company awarded funding of A$180,000 to drill Eileen Bore prospect, granted under the WA Government Exploration Incentive Scheme ('EIS') · Drill programme anticipated to commence in Q3 2024 · 3D modelling at Eileen Bore demonstrates that down plunge of existing mineralisation is open . Historical intersections reported by previous owners include : o 120m @ 0.73% Cu, 0.29% Ni & 0.86g/t PGM 3E from 0m (EOH 1 ) (EBRC 010) § Incl . 16m @ 1.0% Cu, 0.36% Ni & 0.99g/t PGM 3E from 100m o 96m @ 0.70% Cu, 0.29% Ni & 0.78g/t PGM 3E from 24m (EOH) (EBRC 003) § Incl . 10m @ 1.08% Cu, 0.34% Ni & 1.04g/t PGM3E from 56m · Additional untested, drill-ready targets immediately adjacent to Eileen Bore have confirmed nickel-copper sulphides at surface Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) is pleased to announce its successful EIS application for co-fund drilling at Eileen Bore. The EIS funding will support proposed drilling activities at the Eileen Bore prospect within the Alice Downs Corridor. The Eileen Bore prospect is located within a 20km radius of the Company's 100% owned Panton Project in the highly prospective East Kimberley region of Western Australia. Figure One | Regional Plan showing main targets along the Alice Downs Corridor 18km strike . Note the location of the Eileen Bore inset map for Figure Two . Eileen Bore Prospect The Eileen Bore Prospect is an advanced exploration target where historical drilling results indicate a wide zone of Cu-Ni-PGM mineralisation from surface along a known strike of approximately 300m . Mineralisation is hosted within a gabbro-pyroxenite host and is comprised of chalcopyrite, pentlandite and pyrrhotite. Mineralisation remains open down plunge and at depth with drill testing to date only to 96m. Drilling down plunge remains open with scope for significant additional mineralisation (Refer to the Company's announcement of 13 February 2024 Multiple Drill Targets Identified Along 18km Corridor ) . Additional compelling targets at Eileen Bore are to the north of the area which has been previously drilled, in an antiformal fold axis and to the south along the Alice Downs Fault in a synform. To the north, Drill Target 2 is based on coincident magmatic chalcopyrite-pyrrhotite mineralisation identified in peridotite rock chips by petrology and is associated with Ni-Cu, PGE and Au soil anomalism. There is no historical drill testing in the area. To the south, Drill Target 3 is associated with the same coincident soil anomalism identified at Eileen Bore and Drill Target 2, which has also not been drill tested. Targets are outlined in Figure Two below. Figure Two | Eileen Bore Prospect show 3 main drill areas. Forward Exploration Plan Due to the extreme weather conditions experienced in the East Kimberley region this year, the Company's access to the Eileen Bore area has been delayed. A positive result of such delay is that the Company will now be able to apply this A$180,000 EIS grant towards the cost of drilling at Eileen Bore. The Company is planning to drill test the down plunge extension of Eileen Bore and confirm adjacent near-surface economic mineralisation at Drill Targets 2 and 3, as soon as on site conditions allow, expected in mid Q3 2024. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK Broker) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 Rob Patrick/James Bellman The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as is forms part of United Kingdom domestic law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by virtue of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the Exploration Results information included in this announcement from previous Company announcements results announced on the dates specified in the body of this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 21 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and