Release of Securities from Voluntary Escrow Future Metals NL 22 May 2024 22 May 2024 Future Metals NL Release of Securities from Voluntary Escrow Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME) announces that, pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 3.10A, 18,382,352 fully paid ordinary shares will be released from voluntary escrow on 22 May 2024 (the " Escrow Shares "). Such Escrow Shares were issued as upfront consideration for the acquisition of Osprey Minerals Pty Ltd (" Osprey ") and were subject to a 6-month voluntary escrow period. Please refer to the Company's announcement dated 17 November 2023 for further details. The Company will apply for quotation on the ASX of the Escrow Shares when released from escrow, pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 2.8.5. It is noted that such Escrow Shares are already admitted to trading on AIM and are included within the Company's enlarged total voting rights figure of 572,474,801 (with effect from 24 May 2024), as per the announcement dated 21 May 2024 . This announcement has been approved for release by the Company Secretary of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK Broker) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 James Bellman/Rob Patrick This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 21 hours ago Diageo 21 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and