Change of Auditor & Issue of Underwriter Options Future Metals NL 04 July 2024 4 July 2024 Future Metals NL Change of Auditor & Issue of Underwriter Options Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) announces that in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 3.16.3, BDO Audit Pty Ltd (" BDO Audit ") has been appointed as auditor of the Company. The appointment follows the resignation of BDO Audit (WA) Pty Ltd (" BDO WA ") and ASIC's consent to the resignation in accordance with s329(5) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (the " Act "). The change of auditor arose as a result of BDO WA restructuring its audit practice whereby audits will be conducted by BDO Audit, an authorised audit company, rather than BDO WA. In accordance with s327C of the Act, a resolution will be proposed at the Company's next Annual General Meeting to confirm the appointment of the Company's auditor. Issue of Underwriter Options The Company announces that, in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement as set out in the Entitlement Issue Prospectus dated 15 December 2023, it has issued 48,851,643 options to CPS Capital Group Pty Ltd, with an exercise price of A$0.10 per share and exercisable up to and including 3 July 2027. This announcement has been approved for release by the Company Secretary of Future Metals NL. Further Information For further information please refer to the ASX platform under ASX code FME or visit the Company's website at www.future-metals.com.au . Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 James Bellman / Rob Patrick This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 21 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and