Issue of Equity and Change of Registered Office Future Metals NL 02 July 2024 2 July 2024 Future Metals NL Issue of Equity Change of Registered Office Address Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) announces the issue of 2,500,000 new ordinary shares of no par value each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") to Mr Jardee Kininmonth, a former Director of the Company, in lieu of director's fees payable as at 31 May 2024 (equal to approximately 3 months' salary at a deemed issue price of A$0.028 per Ordinary Share) (the " Director Fee Shares "), following the receipt of shareholder approval on 25 June 2024. Related Party Transaction Mr Kininmonth is a former director of the Company (within the last 12 months) and the issue of the Director Fee Shares is therefore deemed to be a related party transaction pursuant to Rule 13 of the AIM Rules for Companies. The board of directors consider, having consulted with Strand Hanson Limited in its capacity as the Company's nominated adviser, that the terms of the issue of the Director Fee Shares are fair and reasonable insofar as the shareholders of Future Metals are concerned. Admission to trading on AIM and Total Voting Rights Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange plc for the admission to trading on AIM of the Director Fee Shares, which is expected to take effect and dealings commence at 8.00 a.m. (BST) on or around 8 July 2024 (" Admission "). The number of Ordinary Shares in issue, and the total voting rights in the Company, on Admission, will be 575,040,495. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change of their interest in, the Company under the provisions of the Company's constitution. Change of Registered Office Address The Company also advises that, effective today, the Company's registered office and postal address has changed to: Registered office Level 3, 1060 Hay Street West Perth WA 6005 Postal Address PO Box 873 West Perth WA 6872 The contact telephone number has not changed. This announcement is authorised for release by the Company Secretary of Future Metals NL. ENDS Further Information For further information, please refer to the ASX platform under ASX code FME or visit the Company's website at www.future-metals.com.au . Contacts : Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK Broker) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 James Bellman / Rob Patrick This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 21 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and