Significant Shareholder Interest Future Metals NL 11 July 2025 11 July 2025 Future Metals NL Significant Shareholder Interest Future Metals NL ( Future Metals or the Company , ASX | AIM: FME ) announces that, further to its announcement of 20 June 2025, Zeta Resources Limited ( Zeta ) is interested in 118,733,333 ordinary shares, representing 12.39% of the Company's total voting rights. It is noted that the Company's announcement of 20 June 2025 erroneously excluded the 23,933,333 ordinary shares that Zeta had acquired through the take-up of its pro rata entitlement of the entitlement offer. This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK broker) Patrick Walta James Bellman / Rob Patrick +61 8 9480 0414 +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 info@future-metals.com.au This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago Hammerson 46 minutes ago First Property Group 51 minutes ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Symphony International Holdings Ltd. 2 hours ago First Property Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and