Completion of Placement Future Metals NL 23 April 2025 23 April 2025 Future Metals NL Completion of Placement Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) announces that, further to its announcement of 10 April 2025, the Company will issue 143,760,123 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company (" Placement Shares ") in connection with the placement. Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange plc for the admission to trading on AIM of the Placement Shares, which is expected to occur, and dealings in the Placement Shares commence, at 8.00 a.m. (BST) on or around 24 April 2025 (" Admission "). On issue, the Placement Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares. The number of ordinary shares in issue, and the total voting rights in the Company, on Admission, will be 718,800,618. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change of their interest in, the Company under the provisions of the Company's constitution. T his announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact : Future Metals NL Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser) Patrick Walta James Bellman/Rob Patrick + 61 8 9480 0414 +44 (0) 207 409 3494 info@future-metals.com.au This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 9 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 30 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 37 minutes ago M&G 2 hours ago Haleon All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and