Change of Company Secretary Future Metals NL 19 December 2024 Future Metals NL Change of Company Secretary Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) announces that it has appointed Mr Harry Miller as Company Secretary, effective today, 19 December 2024. Mr Miller is an experienced Company Secretary with 10 years of experience in the provision of company secretarial, governance, corporate advisory and accounting services to Australian companies. Mr Miller holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Economics and Finance) as well as a Master of Professional Accounting. Mr Miller replaces Mr Thomas O'Rourke as Company Secretary. The Company wishes to thank Mr O'Rourke for his contributions to the Company. For the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 12.6, Mr Miller will be the person responsible for communications with the ASX in relation to ASX Listing Rule matters from 19 December 2024. This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact : Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser & UK Broker) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 James Bellman/Rob Patrick This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Kier Group 2 hours ago AVI Japan Opportunity Trust 3 hours ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) 3 hours ago CloudCoco Group 3 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and