Results of the Option Offer and Shortfall Future Metals NL 21 August 2024 21 August 2024 Future Metals NL Results of the Option Offer and Shortfall Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME ) is pleased to announce, further to its announcement of 31 July 2024, the results of the Option Offer. The Company received take-up of the Option Offer equating to A$13,728 (excluding funds raised under the shortfall), and the underwriter for the Option Offer, CPS Capital Group Pty Ltd, has confirmed its take-up of the entire shortfall, raising an additional A$26,195. Eligible optionholders were able to apply for one (1) New Option for every one (1) FMEO Option held at the record date of 11 June 2024. Each New Option will be exercisable at a price of A$0.06 per ordinary share and shall expire three years from the date of issue. The Company intends to apply for the quotation solely on the ASX of the New Options to be issued under the Option Offer. The New Options will therefore not be admitted to trading on AIM. The Company was granted shareholder approval for the issue of the New Options at its general meeting held on 25 June 2024. In total, 159,691,684 New Options will be issued, raising approximately A$39,923 (before costs). The New Options are expected to be issued on 26 August 2024 and be listed on the ASX on 27 August 2024. The purpose of the Option Offer was to enable the holders of the expired FMEO Options to continue to participate in the ongoing development of the Company. Funds raised will applied towards the expenses of the Option Offer. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the same meanings as ascribed to them in the Company's announcement dated 31 July 2024. This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact : Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK Broker) +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 James Bellman / Rob Patrick This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 21 hours ago Barclays 22 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 22 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and