Director / PDMR Dealing Future Metals NL 16 July 2025 16 July 2025 Future Metals NL Director / PDMR Dealing Further to Future Metals NL's ( Future Metals or the Company , ASX | AIM: FME ) announcement of 7 May 2025 regarding the launch the Entitlement Offer, the Company announces that John Carr and Sam Rodda took up their full entitlements under the Entitlement Offer and Sam Rodda acquired additional New Shares as an overallotment pursuant to shortfall under the Entitlement Offer. Following the abovementioned purchases, the beneficial shareholdings in Future Metals of John Carr and Sam Rodda are as follows: Director Shares Purchased Resulting Shareholding % of issued share capital John Carr 555,556 2,222,223 0.23 Sam Rodda 222,222 555,555 0.06 Further information is set out in the PDMR notifications forms below. Unless specified otherwise, defined terms used in this announcement have the same meanings as those given in the Company's announcement of 7 May 2025. This announcement has been approved for release by the Company Secretary of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK broker) Patrick Walta James Bellman / Rob Patrick +61 8 9480 0414 +44 (0) 20 7409 3494 info@future-metals.com.au PDMR Notification Forms : The below notification is made in accordance with the Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name John Carr 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Future Metals NL b) LEI 213800WZ1MNQPOAKNU50 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of no par value in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") Identification code AU0000157745 b) Nature of the Transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Entitlement Offer c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) A$0.011 555,556 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A (Single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 20 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Sam Rodda 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Future Metals NL b) LEI 213800WZ1MNQPOAKNU50 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of no par value in the capital of the Company Identification code AU0000157745 b) Nature of the Transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Entitlement Offer c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) A$0.011 222,222 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A (Single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 20 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago Hammerson 46 minutes ago First Property Group 51 minutes ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Symphony International Holdings Ltd. 2 hours ago First Property Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and