Heritage Surveys Completed & Testing Eileen Bore Future Metals NL 16 September 2024 Future Metals NL Heritage Surveys Completed to Allow Drill Testing of Eileen Bore Mineralisation Highlights: · Heritage clearance surveys completed across the Alice Downs Corridor and Panton North tenures clearing the way for commencement of drilling · Diamond drilling set to get underway at Eileen Bore in the coming weeks · Ground Gravity surveys to commence next week · Exploration programmes to be co-funded up to A$295,000 under the WA Government's merit-based Exploration Incentive Scheme ("EIS") · Drilling programme to be the first drill testing of Eileen Bore mineralisation in over 20 years Future Metals NL (" Future Metals " or the " Company ", ASX | AIM: FME) is pleased to announce heritage clearance surveys have been completed across the Alice Downs Corridor and Panton North tenures. The completion of these surveys marks a key step forward in advancing the exploration strategy within the Alice Downs Corridor. Figure One | Regional Plan showing main targets along Alice Downs Corridor's 18km strike. Note the location of the Eileen Bore inset map for Figure Two . EIS co-funding of up to A$115,000 will be utilised to complete ground gravity surveys across the Alice Downs Corridor and Panton North tenures. This survey will assist with the targeting of additional potential mineralised bodies across the 18km mineralised horizon within the Alice Downs Corridor (Refer to Company's announcement on 13 February 2024 Multiple Drill Targets Identified Along 18km Corridor ) . At Panton North, recent field work indicates that the Panton Complex dips towards the north, not south as historically modelled. The gravity data will complement previous data collected, allowing for updated modelling of the Panton Complex and assisting with mapping the depth of the intrusion, as well as this structural complexity. EIS co-funding of up to $180,000 will be utilised for diamond drilling at Eileen Bore. Updated geological modelling indicates that the existing mineralisation at Eileen Bore is structurally complex with a similar orientation to the Copernicus Deposit. Drilling at Eileen Bore will target this previously untested position. Drilling contractor has been secured and is scheduled to mobilise to site in the coming weeks, dependent on availability of cultural monitors and completion of access works. Eileen Bore Prospect The Eileen Bore Prospect is an advanced exploration target with historical drilling work completed, identifying a wide zone of Cu-Ni-PGM mineralisation from surface along a known strike of approximately 300m (Drill Target 1). Mineralisation occurs within a gabbro-pyroxenite host and is comprised of chalcopyrite, pentlandite and pyrrhotite. Mineralisation remains open down plunge and at depth with drill testing only to 96m. To the north, Drill Target 2 is based on coincident magmatic chalcopyrite-pyrrhotite mineralisation identified in peridotite rock chips by petrology and is associated with Ni-Cu, PGE and Au soil anomalism. There has been no historical drill testing in the area to date. To the south, Drill Target 3 is associated with the same coincident soil anomalism identified at Eileen Bore and Drill Target 2, which has also not been drill tested. Drill Targets are outlined in Figure Two below. Figure Two | Eileen Bore Prospect show 3 main drill areas: down plunge mineralisation from section A-A' and Drill Targets 2 and 3. This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Future Metals NL. For further information, please contact: Future Metals NL +61 8 9480 0414 Patrick Walta info@future-metals.com.au Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated Adviser and UK broker) +44 (0) 207 409 3494 James Bellman/Rob Patrick The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as is forms part of United Kingdom domestic law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by virtue of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Future Metals Nl (DI) (FME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Diageo 1 day ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 1 day ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and