BETA Close X On September 24, 2025, Mansour Al Alami, the Executive Chairman of Gulf Marine Services PLC, purchased 129,000 ordinary shares of the company on the open market. The purchase price was £0.1582 per share, resulting in a total transaction value of £20,407.80. Following this transaction, Al Alami's total holdings amount to 2,700,000 shares, representing 0.23% of the company's issued share capital. The shares were acquired on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 25 September 2025 25 September 2025 Gulf Marine Services PLC ('Gulf Marine Services', 'GMS', 'the Company' or 'the Group') DIRECTORS/PDMR SHAREHOLDINGS Share Purchase by a Director The Company was notified on 24 September 2025 that on the same day, Mansour Al Alami, the Executive Chairman of the Company, purchased 129,000 Gulf Marine Services plc ordinary shares ("Shares") at a purchase price of £0.1582 per Share. The Shares were purchased on the open market. Following this transaction, Mansour Al Alami holds 2,700,000 Shares, representing 0.23% of the issued share capital of the Company. -ENDS- Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Tel: +44 (0)20 7603 1515 Celicourt Communications Mark Antelme Philip Dennis Ali AlQahtani Tel: +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world-leading provider of advanced self-propelled self-elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Kingdom. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, Europe, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, and the Gulf of Mexico. The GMS fleet of 14 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex-led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex-led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size - K-Class (Small), S-Class (Mid), and E-Class (Large) - with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four-legged and are self-propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost-effective and time-efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self-propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities Name MANSOUR AL ALAMI Reason for the notification Position/status EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Name GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC LEI 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF £0.02 EACH GB00BJVWTM27 Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.1582 129,000 Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 129,000 £20,407.80 Date of the transaction 24/09/2025 Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, XLON This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Land Securities Group 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) 1 hour ago Lion Finance Group PLC 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and