BETA Close X Gulf Marine Services PLC reported unaudited Q1 2026 results showing a 10% decrease in revenue to US$38.0 million and a 24% drop in EBITDA to US$19.5 million, primarily due to the evacuation of four vessels in a GCC country impacting vessel utilisation to 74% from 89% in Q1 2025, though average day rates increased by 8% to US$37.0k. The company acquired a new vessel for US$37.4 million, increasing its fleet to 15, and maintained its 2026 adjusted EBITDA guidance of US$105 million to US$115 million, with a backlog of US$666 million as of May 4th, 2026. The net leverage ratio stood at 1.81:1, below the 2.0x target, and a decision on distributions was deferred due to geopolitical uncertainty. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 08 May 2026 8 th May 2026 Gulf Marine Services PLC ('Gulf Marine Services', 'GMS', 'the Company' or 'the Group') Highlights of unaudited results for Q1 2026, Operations Update and Guidance ​ GMS, a leading provider of advanced self-propelled, self-elevating support vessels serving the offshore oil, gas and renewables industries, is pleased to announce highlights of its unaudited operational results for the three months period ended 31 March 2026 (Q1 2026). Overview Q 1 2026 Q1 2025 %Change Revenue (US$'m) 38.0 42.3 -10% EBITDA (US$'m) 19.5 25.6 -24% EBITDA Margin 51.3% 60.5% -15% Net bank debt (US$'m) 193.1 187.4 +3% Net leverage ratio 1.81:1 1.79:1 +1% Utilisation of vessels 74% 89% -15% Average day rates (US$'k) 37.0 34.2 +8% B acklog as of last day of the period ( US$'m) 660 570 +16% Highlights: · The results reflect the impact of the war in the Gulf, as at 31 March 2026. As announced in early March, we were instructed to evacuate the Company's four vessels in one of the GCC countries as a precautionary measure. These developments halted the Group's operations in that country and reduced our average utilisation to 74% in Q1 (Q1 2025: 89%). Utilisation was also affected by the preparation of a vessel ahead of its contract commencing in Europe. As a result, both revenue and adjusted EBITDA were lower compared to Q1 2025. While we remain in discussions with the client on how to address the situation, no revenue from those evacuated vessels was recognized in March. · GMS acquired a brand-new mid-class vessel in January, bringing the total fleet being operated by the Company to 15 vessels. The acquisition is in-line with the Company's ambition to double 2024 EBITDA by 2030. The acquisition has been partially financed through a US$ 37.4 million bridge loan currently in the process of being merged into the existing bank facilities. · Net leverage ratio at 31 March was 1.81x (Q1 2025: 1.79x), below the 2.0x long-term target. The increase reflected the financing for the vessel acquisition. · The Board has deferred the decision to declare a distribution at this time pending further assessment of the geopolitical situation, while reaffirming the capital allocation policy. Outlook: · As of early April, GMS's crew started to get back on board all the evacuated vessels. The client joined on 2 vessels a few days later. This is a welcomed positive development. · A vessel has been redeployed to Europe and started operations in April 2026. This enhances our presence in the renewables sector, while further diversifying our geographical footprint, which was primarily concentrated in the Middle East during 2025. · We recently announced that our newly acquired vessel is heading to Latin America as it secured a contract there. We also announced that we entered into an agreement to manage and operate a third party vessel in Africa. · Our adjusted EBITDA guidance between US$ 105 million to US$ 115 million for 2026 is maintained. · Our backlog, which provides future earnings visibility, further increased to US$ 666 million as of May 4 th , 2026. We also anticipate continued improvement on average day rates as the legacy contracts are being renewed at higher day rates. Alex Aclimandos, Chief Financial Officer at GMS said: "We are encouraged that the actions taken over the past few years have strengthened our resilience and agility, enabling us to absorb recent shocks and positioning us well to capture the anticipated post-war growth in demand, in the GCC region. While the war in the Gulf has disrupted and delayed some of our plans, we had anticipated that Q1 would be a transitional quarter, with one of our larger vessels relocating to Europe, another transitioning between contracts, a third undergoing major refurbishment, and the addition of a newly acquired mid-class vessel." Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Alex Aclimandos Chief Financial Officer Tel: +44 (0)20 7603 1515 Celicourt Communications Mark Antelme Philip Dennis Kristine Qevani Tel: +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world-leading provider of advanced self-propelled self-elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, and Europe. The GMS fleet of 15 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex-led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex-led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size - K-Class (Small), S-Class (Mid), and E-Class (Large) - with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four-legged and are self-propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost-effective and time-efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self-propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement. Cautionary Statement This announcement includes statements that are forward-looking in nature. All statements other than statements of historical fact are capable of interpretation as forward-looking statements. These statements may generally, but not always, be identified by the use of words such as 'will', 'should', 'could', 'estimate', 'goals', 'outlook', 'probably', 'project', 'risks', 'schedule', 'seek', 'target', 'expects', 'is expected to', 'aims', 'may', 'objective', 'is likely to', 'intends', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'plans', 'we see' or similar expressions. By their nature these forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, as they relate to events and depend on circumstances that might occur in the future. Accordingly, the actual results, operations, performance or achievements of the Company and its subsidiaries may be materially different from any future results, operations, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Neither Gulf Marine Services PLC nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. No part of this announcement constitutes, or shall be taken to constitute, an invitation or inducement to invest the Company or any other entity and must not be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decision. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on the Company's behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Land Securities Group 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) 1 hour ago Lion Finance Group PLC 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and