BETA Close X Gulf Marine Services PLC has announced the availability of its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, both accessible on the company's website and the National Storage Mechanism. The AGM will be held on Thursday, June 18, 2026, at 2:30 pm UAE time in Abu Dhabi, with voting conducted by poll to ensure all shareholder votes are counted. Shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes in advance by 11:30 am UK time on June 16, 2026, by appointing the Chairman as their proxy. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 30 April 2026 30 April 2026 Gulf Marine Services PLC ('Gulf Marine Services', 'GMS', 'the Company' or 'the Group') 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ("AGM") The Annual Report & Accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 ("Annual Report and Accounts") in pdf and ESEF compliant format, the AGM Notice and form of proxy are now available on the Company's website at www.gmsplc.com. Hard copies of the above documents will be mailed to those shareholders having elected to receive paper copies. In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R, the Company announces that the Annual Report and Accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 in unedited full text, the Circular to shareholders of the Company, including Notice of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), and the form of proxy for use at the AGM, have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism website and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism Annual General Meeting The Company's AGM will be held at 2:30 pm (UAE time) on Thursday 18 June 2026 at the offices of Gulf Marine Services WLL, Office 403, International Tower, 24th Karama Street, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The Board recognises that the AGM is an important event for shareholders in the corporate calendar and is committed to ensuring that shareholders can exercise their right to vote and ask questions in connection with this meeting. Accordingly, for those shareholders who do not wish to or unable to attend, questions in connection with the business of the AGM can be submitted on reasonable notice by email to cosec@gmsplc.com in advance of the AGM and, in so far as relevant to the business of the meeting, questions will be responded to by email and taken into account as appropriate at the meeting itself. We are not planning to have a Directors' presentation at the AGM and it will be held strictly to conduct the business of the AGM. Voting at the AGM will be by way of a poll so that all the votes cast in advance by shareholders appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to vote on their behalf can be taken into account. Shareholders have one vote for each ordinary share held when voting on a poll and this procedure ensures that every vote can be cast. Shareholders wishing to vote on any of the matters of business at the AGM are encouraged to submit their votes as soon as possible in advance of the meeting and in any case, by 11.30am (UK time) on 16 June 2026 through the proxy and electronic voting facilities and to appoint the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy for this purpose. Further details are included in the Notice of the AGM. The results of the AGM will be announced as soon as practical after it has taken place. -ENDS- Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Tel: +44 (0)20 7603 1515 Celicourt Communications Mark Antelme Philip Dennis Kristine Qevani Tel: +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world‐leading provider of advanced self‐propelled self‐elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, and Europe. The GMS fleet of 15 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex‐led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex‐led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size ‐ K‐Class (Small), S‐Class (Mid), and E‐Class (Large) ‐ with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four‐legged and are self‐propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost‐effective and time‐efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and