BETA Close X Gulf Marine Services PLC has provided a six-monthly update on its block listing arrangements, reporting that the balance of unallotted ordinary shares decreased from 23,544,041 to 1,324,343 during the period from May 9, 2025, to November 9, 2025, with 22,219,698 shares issued. The company also stated that the block listing for previously issued warrants is no longer required as all warrants have been exercised or lapsed, meaning the remaining shares in this block listing will not be utilized. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 10 November 2025 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 10 November 2025 Gulf Marine Services PLC (the "Company") Block Listing Six Monthly Return Gulf Marine Services PLC, as required by the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, notifies the following routine information regarding the Company's existing block listing arrangements in connection with warrants previously issued by the Company: Name of applicant : Gulf Marine Services PLC Name of scheme: Period of return: From: 9 May 2025 To: 9 November 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 23,544,041 ordinary shares of £0.02 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): - Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 22,219,698 ordinary shares of £0.02 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 1,324,343 ordinary shares of £0.02 Please note that the block listing for the warrants previously issued by the Company is no longer required as the warrants have all been exercised or lapsed. Accordingly, the remaining shares in this block listing will not be used. - Ends - Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Alex Aclimandos Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 207 603 1515 Celicourt Communications Mark Antelme Philip Dennis Ali AlQahtani +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world-leading provider of advanced self-propelled self-elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Kingdom. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, Europe, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, and the Gulf of Mexico. The GMS fleet of 14 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex-led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex-led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size - K-Class (Small), S-Class (Mid), and E-Class (Large) - with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four-legged and are self-propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost-effective and time-efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self-propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Derwent London 3 hours ago Standard Life plc 5 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 18 hours ago Bunzl All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and