BETA Close X Gulf Marine Services PLC announced that Executive Chairman Mansour Al Alami was granted nil-cost options on 3,712,914 ordinary shares under the Long Term Incentive Plan, vesting in three years subject to total shareholder return performance against the FTSE SmallCap Index and a peer group, with a further two-year holding period. Additionally, 297,732 shares were granted under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan, equivalent to a proportion of his 2025 bonus, which will generally vest two years from January 1, 2026. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 18 May 2026 18 May 2026 Gulf Marine Services PLC ('Gulf Marine Services' or 'the Company') Grant of Director Share Awards Gulf Marine Services announces that Executive Chairman, Mansour Al Alami, was granted on 15 May 2026 share awards in the form of nil-cost options over ordinary shares of £0.02 each in the Company ("Shares") under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). These awards are as summarised in the Company's Director's Remuneration Report (the "DRR") contained in its annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025. The share awards are as follows: 1. Long-term incentive Awards ("LTIP Awards") as set out below: Name Position No of LTIP Awards granted Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman 3,712,914 These LTIP Awards will generally vest three years from the grant date, subject to the achievement of performance conditions aligned with shareholder interests as follows:- - vesting of 50% of each LTIP Award is based on the total shareholder return ("TSR")* for a Share of the Company measured over the three calendar years ending 31 December 2028 relative to the TSR of the constituent companies of the FTSE SmallCap Index of which the Company is a member; and - vesting of 50% of each LTIP Award is based on the TSR for a Share of the Company measured over the three calendar years ending 31 December 2028 relative to the TSR of a group of comparative companies selected with the input of the Company's brokers. *As a measure of overall return, TSR takes into account both movements in share price and any dividends paid. The LTIP Awards are also subject to a subsequent two-year post-vesting holding period. 2. Deferred Share Bonus Plan Awards ("DSBP Awards") under Schedule 2 of the Plan as set out below:- Name Position No of DSBP Awards granted Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman 297,732 The number of Shares granted is equivalent to the relevant proportion of the 2025 annual bonus deferred under the terms of the shareholder-approved Directors' Remuneration Policy. Subject to and in terms of the Plan, these Shares will generally vest after two years from 1 January 2026. Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Tel: +44 (0)20 7603 1515 Celicourt Communications Mark Antelme Philip Dennis Kristine Qevani Tel: +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world‐leading provider of advanced self‐propelled self‐elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, and Europe. The GMS fleet of 15 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex‐led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex‐led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size ‐ K‐Class (Small), S‐Class (Mid), and E‐Class (Large) ‐ with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four‐legged and are self‐propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost‐effective and time‐efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self‐propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities a) Name Mansour Al Alami 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Chairman b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC b) LEI 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF £0.02 EACH GB00BJVWTM27 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of LTIP Awards in the form of nil-cost options under the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.00 3,712,914 d) Aggregated information N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026/05/15 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities a) Name Mansour Al Alami 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Chairman b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC b) LEI 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF £0.02 EACH GB00BJVWTM27 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of DSBP Awards in the form of nil cost options under Schedule 2 of the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.00 297,732 d) Aggregated information N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026/05/15 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Land Securities Group 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) 1 hour ago Lion Finance Group PLC 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and