BETA Close X Gulf Marine Services PLC has secured a contract extension from a Middle Eastern National Oil Company for two of its vessels, potentially adding up to six years of duration across both contracts. This development reinforces the company's strong client relationship and commitment to regional offshore energy operations, increasing its backlog to US$0.7 billion. The Executive Chairman highlighted the continued demand for GMS vessels and the enhanced visibility into future performance provided by this strengthened backlog, positioning the company for growth and shareholder value delivery. Disclaimer* Gulf Marine Services PLC 28 January 2026 28 January 2026 Gulf Marine Services PLC ('Gulf Marine Services', 'GMS', 'the Company' or 'the Group') Contract Extension Award Gulf Marine Services (GMS), a leading provider of self-propelled, self-elevating support vessels to the offshore energy industry, is pleased to announce that it has received a variation order from a major National Oil Company (NOC) in the Middle East for extension to an existing contract for two of its vessels, to provide for up to an additional six years of contract duration across the two vessels, including optional periods. This variation reinforces GMS's strong partnership with the client and its continued commitment to supporting the region's offshore energy operations. The backlog stands now at US$ 0.7 billion. Mansour Al Alami, GMS Executive Chairman, commented: "We are very pleased with this contract extension. It shows continued demand for our vessels in the Middle East. With this strengthened backlog, investors can see clear visibility into our performance for the coming years. It also positions us well to grow and deliver value to our shareholders." This announcement contains inside information and is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 17 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended). ‐ENDS- Enquiries: Gulf Marine Services PLC Mansour Al Alami Executive Chairman Tel: +44 (0)20 7603 1515 Celicourt Communications Philip Dennis Mark Antelme Kristine Qevani Tel: +44 (0) 20 7770 6424 Notes to Editors: Gulf Marine Services PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in Abu Dhabi in 1977 and has become a world‐leading provider of advanced self‐propelled self‐elevating support vessels (SESVs). The fleet serves the offshore energy industries from its offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. The Group's assets are capable of serving clients' requirements across the globe, including those in the Middle East, South East Asia, West Africa, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, and Europe. The GMS fleet of 15 SESVs is amongst the youngest in the industry. The vessels support GMS's clients in a broad range of offshore platform refurbishment and maintenance activities, well intervention work, and offshore wind turbine maintenance work (which are opex‐led activities), as well as offshore platform installation and decommissioning and offshore wind turbine installation (which are capex‐led activities). The SESVs are categorised by size ‐ K‐Class (Small), S‐Class (Mid), and E‐Class (Large) ‐ with these capable of operating in water depths of 45m to 80m depending on leg length. The vessels are four‐legged and are self‐propelled, which means they do not require tugs or similar support vessels for moves between locations in the field; this makes them significantly more cost‐effective and time‐efficient than conventional offshore support vessels without self-propulsion. They have a large deck space, crane capacity, and accommodation facilities (for up to 300 people) that can be adapted to the requirements of the Group's clients. Gulf Marine Services PLC's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800IGS2QE89SAJF77 www.gmsplc.com Disclaimer The content of the Gulf Marine Services PLC website should not be considered to form a part of or be incorporated into this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Lion Finance Group PLC 1 hour ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Derwent London 3 hours ago Standard Life plc 5 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and