Holding(s) in Company Gulf Marine Services PLC 16 July 2025 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 16 July 2025 Gulf Marine Services PLC (the "Company") Holding(s) in Company The Company announces that it has received the following TR-1 notification which is set out below without amendment. The number of shares held by MZI Holding Limited ("MZI") remains unchanged. The reduction in overall percentage held by MZI from 24.46% to 22.71% resulted solely from the dilution due to the recent issues of new shares by the Company in connection with the exercise of warrants. TR-1: S tandard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN GB00BJVWTM27 Issuer Name GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC UK or Non-UK Issuer UK 2. Reason for Notification Other Comments There has been no change in the number of voting rights held by MZI Holding Limited. The notification arises due only to an increase in the total voting rights of the issuer. 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name MZI Holding Limited City of registered office (if applicable) Al Reem Island Country of registered office (if applicable) United Arab Emirates 4. Details of the shareholder Full name of shareholder(s) if different from the person(s) subject to the notification obligation, above City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 30-Jun-2025 6. Date on which Issuer notified 15-Jul-2025 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 22.710000 0.000000 22.710000 261680095 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 24.460000 0.000000 24.460000 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) GB00BJVWTM27 261680095 22.710000 Sub Total 8.A 261680095 22.710000% 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 1. Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer. Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information There has been no change in the number of voting rights held by MZI Holding Limited. The notification arises due only to an increase in the total voting rights of the issuer. 12. Date of Completion 15-Jul-2025 13. Place Of Completion Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gulf Marine Services (GMS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Derwent London 3 hours ago Standard Life plc 5 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 18 hours ago Bunzl All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and