Disclaimer* Gamma Communications PLC 01 October 2026 1 October 2026 Gamma Communications plc ("Gamma" or the "Company") Total Voting Rights For the purposes of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ("DGTRs"), t he Company's issued share capital as at 30 September 2026 consisted of 90,648,330 ordinary shares of 0.25 pence each, of which 1,363,251 ordinary shares are held in Treasury. The shares held in Treasury have no voting rights. The total voting rights in the Company are therefore 89,285,079. Each share entitles the holder to one vote. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change of their interest in, the Company under the DGTRs. Notifications may be sent to TR1-Notifications@gamma.co.uk . Enquiries: Gamma Communications plc Andrew Belshaw, Chief Executive Officer Rachael Matzopoulos, Company Secretary Tel: +44 ( 0)333 006 5972 Teneo (PR Adviser) James Macey White / Matt Low Tel: +44 (0)207 353 4200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gamma Communications (GAMA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and