BETA Close X Bradbury Bidco Limited, controlled by funds managed by Epiris GP III Limited, has made a recommended cash offer of 1,120 pence per share for Gamma Communications plc, valuing the company at approximately £1,015 million. This offer represents a significant premium to Gamma's recent share prices, with the Gamma Directors unanimously recommending the acquisition to shareholders. The transaction is intended to be effected by a Scheme of Arrangement and is expected to complete in the first half of 2027, subject to regulatory approvals and shareholder consent. Epiris believes that Gamma, a leading European provider of business-critical communication technology, has strong potential for accelerated growth as a private company. Disclaimer* Epiris LLP 01 September 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 1 September 2026 RECOMMENDED CASH OFFER by BRADBURY BIDCO LIMITED (a newly incorporated company controlled by funds managed and/or advised by Epiris GP III Limited and its affiliates ) for GAMMA COMMUNICATIONS PLC to be effected by means of a Scheme of Arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 Summary · The boards of Gamma Communications plc (" Gamma ") and Bradbury Bidco Limited (" Bidco "), a newly incorporated entity formed by funds managed and/or advised by Epiris GP III Limited for the purpose of making an offer for Gamma, are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash offer to be made by Bidco for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma (the " Acquisition "). · Under the terms of the Acquisition, each Gamma Shareholder will be entitled to receive: 1,120 pence in cash per Gamma Share (the "Acquisition Price") · The Acquisition Price values the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma at approximately £1,015 million on a fully diluted basis, with an implied enterprise value of approximately £1,079 million, and represents a premium of approximately: ꟷ 53 per cent. to £7.32 per Gamma Share, the Closing Price on 7 April 2026, the last trading day prior to the commencement of an offer period (the " Undisturbed Share Price Date "); ꟷ 55 per cent. to £7.23 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price for the period from 25 March 2026, the first trading day following the announcement of Gamma's results for the financial year ending 31 December 2025, to the Undisturbed Share Price Date; and ꟷ 41 per cent. to £7.93 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price during the one-month period prior to the Undisturbed Share Price Date. · It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act. Background to and reasons for the Acquisition · Epiris believes that Gamma is today a leading European provider of business-critical communication technology, having materially expanded its business beyond the UK and launched successful new products. This transformation reflects the significant progress made by the Company through the coherent execution of the strategy put in place by the current Board and management of Gamma. Epiris believes that it is well positioned to accelerate Gamma's transformation and development as a private company and to deliver the Company's next phase of growth. · Epiris believes that Gamma's businesses possess the following attractive characteristics: ꟷ Gamma offers a broad range of business-critical communication technology solutions, combining proprietary solutions with leading third-party cloud platforms, its own telecoms network and a high quality of service; ꟷ Gamma's success is deeply rooted in its longstanding relationships with SMEs, enterprises and an extensive network of channel partners, with leading market presence in the UK and Germany; and ꟷ Gamma has a proven track record of delivering profitable organic growth and attractive cash generation. Whilst the historical level of organic growth has recently been more challenging to deliver, Epiris believes that product investments and a number of focused strategic initiatives will enable Gamma's organic growth to be accelerated. · Epiris believes that, through increased investments and a renewed strategic focus on innovation underpinned by greater AI adoption, there are significant opportunities for Gamma to accelerate its growth, enhance its competitive position in all key markets, and unlock its long-term potential as a leading European communication services provider. · Epiris has a robust understanding of Gamma's lines of business and industry dynamics. Epiris has considerable experience in the telecommunications sector in the UK, including its investments in July 2022 in Sepura, a global leader in the design, development and supply of digital radio devices and associated ecosystems, and in June 2022 in Appello, a technology-enabled care and digital monitoring provider which has been used as a platform to acquire other businesses. · Epiris believes that the additional flexibility that comes from a private company environment will enable Gamma to invest further and focus on sustainably improving the growth of its businesses over the long-term in order to drive value within its businesses for the benefit of all stakeholders. · Building on their extensive experience as long-term investors in high-quality businesses, Epiris is well placed to provide Gamma with strategic guidance, operational support and capital to accelerate its next phase of growth. Epiris' network of partners and experts will further support Gamma's key growth priorities, including investments in new products and services, commercial excellence and AI adoption. · Epiris has formed Bidco for the purpose of making the Acquisition. Gamma Recommendation · The Gamma Directors, who have been so advised by Barclays and Q Advisors as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Gamma Directors, Barclays and Q Advisors have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Gamma Directors. Barclays is providing independent financial advice to the Gamma Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. · Accordingly, the Gamma Directors intend to recommend unanimously that the Gamma Shareholders vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, if Bidco exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, that Gamma Shareholders accept such offer), as the Gamma Directors who hold Gamma Shares (in a personal capacity or through a nominee) have irrevocably undertaken to do, or procure to be done, in respect of their own beneficial holdings (and their connected persons'), amounting, in aggregate, to 114,824 Gamma Shares (representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.13 per cent. of the Gamma Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) in issue on 28 August 2026 (being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement). Information on Gamma · Gamma is a leading European provider of business-critical communications technology. Gamma's extensive channel partner network connects major technology vendors with hundreds of thousands of SMEs, and it deals directly with large corporates and the public sector. Gamma combines its proprietary solutions with leading third-party cloud platforms, its own telecoms network and a high quality of service, to help customers communicate and collaborate more effectively. · Gamma's broad and expanding portfolio - including cloud communications software (telephony, messaging, video, AI-driven customer experience), calling and network connectivity (including security) - enables customers of any size to deploy end-to-end communications and IT solutions via a single provider. · With over 2,000 employees, Gamma is a FTSE 250 company listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Information on Epiris · Epiris is a long established and successful private equity firm based in London. It has significant experience in technology and communications businesses, including its investment in Sepura, a global leader in the design, development and supply of digital radio devices and associated ecosystems for mission-critical applications. · Epiris invests in high-quality businesses with strong market positions, providing long-term capital to support management teams to make sustained investment in product development, technology and M&A to accelerate growth. Irrevocable undertakings · Bidco has received irrevocable undertakings to vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, if Bidco exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, to accept such offer) from all of the Gamma Directors who hold Gamma Shares (in a personal capacity or through a nominee) in respect of their (and their connected persons') entire beneficial holdings of Gamma Shares, amounting, in aggregate, to 114,824 Gamma Shares representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.13 per cent. of the Gamma Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) in issue on 28 August 2026 (being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement). Timetable and Conditions · It is intended that the Acquisition be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act. The purpose of the Scheme is to provide for Bidco to become the owner of the whole of the issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma. The Scheme will be put to Scheme Shareholders at the Court Meeting and to Gamma Shareholders at the General Meeting. In order to become effective, the Scheme must be approved by a majority in number of the Scheme Shareholders voting at the Court Meeting, either in person or by proxy, representing at least 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shares voted. The implementation of the Scheme must also be approved by Gamma Shareholders at the General Meeting. · The Acquisition is subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Scheme Document. The Conditions include the receipt of certain antitrust and regulatory approvals as further described in this Announcement. · It is expected that the Scheme Document, containing further information about the Acquisition and notices of the Court Meeting and General Meeting, together with associated forms of proxy, will be posted to Gamma Shareholders within 28 days of this Announcement (or such later time as Gamma, Bidco and the Takeover Panel agree) and the Meetings are expected to be held shortly thereafter following the required notice for these Meetings. · The Acquisition is currently expected to complete during the first half of 2027, subject to the satisfaction or where applicable, waiver of the Conditions. An expected timetable of key events relating to the Acquisition will be provided in the Scheme Document. Commenting on the Acquisition, Martin Hellawell , Chair of Gamma, said: " Gamma has built a leading position in European business communications through sustained investment in its products, technology, people and customer relationships. The Board remains confident in the Company's strategy and long-term prospects. The Board has nevertheless concluded that the Acquisition provides Gamma Shareholders with attractive and certain value in cash. Having considered the terms of the Acquisition carefully, the Board intends unanimously to recommend it to Gamma Shareholders. " Commenting on the Acquisition and Gamma, Ian Wood, Partner of Epiris, said: "Gamma is a complex and highly resilient business, with strong market positions in the UK and Germany and a growing presence across Europe. Epiris has followed the company, and the wider telecoms sector, closely for a number of years, and we are excited to work with Gamma's management team to continue its growth as a private company. We believe that the Acquisition represents a compelling and deliverable offer which provides Gamma Shareholders with certainty of value. We are delighted to have the support of HarbourVest and Limewood Capital as co-investors in this transaction." This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, the full text of this Announcement and its Appendices. In particular, the Acquisition is subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Scheme Document. Appendix II contains details of sources of information and bases of calculation contained in this Announcement. Appendix III contains certain details relating to the irrevocable undertakings referred to in this Announcement. Appendix IV contains definitions of certain terms used in this Announcement. Enquiries: Epiris Ian Wood Thayne Forbes James Beart +44 (0) 20 7214 4200 Goldman Sachs International (Exclusive Financial Adviser to Epiris and Bidco) Nick Harper Khamran Ali Lorenzo Carlino Enrique Vallina +44 (0) 20 7774 1000 Greenbrook Advisory (PR Adviser to Epiris and Bidco) Peter Hewer Bree Taylor +44 (0) 20 7952 2000 epiris@greenbrookadvisory.com Gamma Communications plc Martin Hellawell, Chair Andrew Belshaw, Chief Executive Officer Rachael Matzopoulos, Company Secretary +44 (0) 33 3006 5972 Barclays (Lead Financial Adviser to Gamma) Alastair Blackman Alex Evans Callum West Michael Hart +44 (0) 20 7623 2323 Q Advisors (Joint Financial Adviser to Gamma) Michael Quinn Kristian MacCarter +1 303 996 3003 Investec (Joint Financial Adviser and Joint Broker to Gamma) Patrick Robb Luke Spells Virginia Bull +44 (0) 207 597 5970 Peel Hunt (Joint Financial Adviser and Joint Broker to Gamma) Neil Patel Alice Lane Benjamin Cryer +44 (0) 207 418 8900 Teneo (PR Adviser to Gamma) James Macey White Daniel Rowland +44 (0) 20 7260 2700 gamma@teneo.com Latham & Watkins (London) LLP are retained as legal adviser to Epiris and Bidco. Bird & Bird LLP are retained as legal adviser to Gamma. Important Notices Goldman Sachs International , which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA in the United Kingdom, is acting exclusively for Epiris and Bidco in connection with the matters set out in this Announcement and for no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Epiris and Bidco for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this Announcement. Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its Investment Bank (" Barclays "), which is authorised by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Gamma and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Gamma for providing the protections afforded to clients of Barclays nor for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. Q Advisors LLC (" Q Advisors ") is authorised and regulated in the United States by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission and is acting exclusively for Gamma and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Gamma for providing the protections afforded to clients of Q Advisors nor for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. Investec Bank plc (" Investec "), which is authorised in the United Kingdom by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and PRA, is acting exclusively for Gamma and for no one else in connection with the matters set out in this Announcement and none of Investec nor any of its affiliates, branches or subsidiaries will be responsible to any person other than Gamma for providing the protections afforded to clients of Investec, nor for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. Neither Investec nor any of its subsidiaries, branches or affiliates or any of its and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or shall be held responsible in any way whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential losses (whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) arising in connection with, or from the use of, this Announcement or the contents of this Announcement or reliance on the information contained herein, except to the extent this would be prohibited by law or regulation. Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt ") is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and is acting exclusively for Gamma and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Gamma for providing the protections afforded to clients of Peel Hunt nor for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. This Announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to and does not constitute, or form any part of, an offer to sell or subscribe for or any invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise. The Acquisition will be made solely through and on the terms set out in the Scheme Document (or, in the event that the Acquisition is to be implemented by means of a Takeover Offer, the offer document) and the accompanying Forms of Proxy, which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Acquisition. Any approval, decision or other response to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis of the information in the Scheme Document. Scheme Shareholders are strongly advised to read the formal documentation in relation to the Acquisition once it has been despatched. The statements contained in this Announcement are made as at the date of this Announcement, unless some other time is specified in relation to them, and service of this Announcement shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this Announcement since such date. Overseas shareholders This Announcement has been prepared to comply with English law, the UK Market Abuse Regulation and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and the Code and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this Announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom. The laws of the relevant jurisdictions may affect the availability of the Acquisition to persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom . Persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom, or who are subject to laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, should inform themselves about, and observe any applicable requirements . Any person (including, without limitation, nominees, trustees and custodians) who would, or otherwise intends to, forward this Announcement, the Scheme Document or any accompanying document to any jurisdiction outside the United Kingdom should refrain from doing so and seek appropriate professional advice before taking any action . In particular, the ability of persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Gamma Shares at the Court Meeting or the General Meeting, or to execute and deliver Forms of Proxy appointing another to vote their Gamma Shares in respect of the Court Meeting or the General Meeting on their behalf, may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable legal or regulatory requirements may constitute a violation of the laws and/or regulations of any such jurisdiction . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility and liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. The Acquisition will not be made, directly or indirectly, in or into or by use of the mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of, a Restricted Jurisdiction, and the Acquisition will not be capable of acceptance by any such use, means, instrumentality or facility or from within a Restricted Jurisdiction . Accordingly, copies of this Announcement and formal documentation relating to the Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded or distributed in, into or from a Restricted Jurisdiction and persons receiving this Announcement (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send it into or from a Restricted Jurisdiction . In the event that the Acquisition is implemented by way of a Takeover Offer and extended into the US, Bidco will do so in satisfaction of the procedural and filing requirements of the US securities laws at that time, to the extent applicable thereto. The Acquisition relates to the shares of a company incorporated in England and it is proposed to be made by means of a scheme of arrangement provided for under English law . The Scheme will relate to the shares of a UK company that is a "foreign private issuer" as defined under Rule 3b-4 under the US Exchange Act. A transaction effected by means of a scheme of arrangement is not subject to the shareholder vote, proxy solicitation and tender offer rules under the US Exchange Act . Accordingly, the Scheme is subject to the disclosure requirements and practices applicable in the UK to schemes of arrangement, which differ from the disclosure requirements and practices of US shareholder vote, proxy solicitation and tender offer rules . Financial information included in the relevant documentation will have been prepared in accordance with accounting standards applicable in the UK and may not be comparable to the financial statements of US companies . However, if Bidco were to elect to implement the Acquisition by means of a Takeover Offer, such Takeover Offer shall be made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including section 14(e) of the US Exchange Act and Regulation 14E thereunder . Such Takeover Offer would be made in the US by Bidco and no one else . In addition to any such Takeover Offer, Bidco, certain affiliated companies and the nominees or brokers (acting as agents) may make certain purchases of, or arrangements to purchase, shares in Gamma outside such Takeover Offer during the period in which such Takeover Offer would remain open for acceptance . If such purchases or arrangements to purchase are made they would be made outside the United States in compliance with applicable law, including the US Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements This Announcement may contain certain "forward-looking statements" with respect to Gamma, Bidco and Epiris. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as "anticipate", "target", "expect", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "goal", "believe", "will", "may", "should", "would", "could" or other words or terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to the following: (i) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, dividend policy, losses and future prospects; (ii) business and management strategies of Epiris and/or Bidco and the expansion and growth of Gamma and potential synergies resulting from the Acquisition; and (iii) the effects of global economic conditions and government regulation on the business of Gamma. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future strategies and environments. None of Epiris, Bidco or Gamma, nor any of their respective associates, directors, officers, employees or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this Announcement will actually occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. All subsequent oral or written forward-looking statements attributable to Epiris, Bidco or Gamma or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this Announcement. Epiris, Bidco and Gamma assume no obligation to update publicly or revise forward-looking or other statements contained in this Announcement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required. No profit forecasts or estimates No statement in this Announcement is intended as a profit forecast or estimate for Gamma in respect of any period and no statement in this Announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or earnings per Gamma Share for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or earnings per Gamma Share. Total Voting Rights Gamma has 90,648,330 Gamma Shares in issue and there are 1,503,674 Gamma Shares held in treasury. The total voting rights in the Company are therefore 89,144,656 and this can be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Rule 2.9 Disclosure In accordance with Rule 2.9 of the Code, Gamma confirms that as the date and time ​of this Announcement it has in issue ​89,144,656 ordinary shares of 0.25 pence each (excluding 1,503,674 ordinary shares that are held in treasury). ​​The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the ​ordinary shares is GB00BQS10J50 and Gamma's LEI number is 213800LAQZXPRIZUEH50 . Publication on website In accordance with Rule 26.1 of the Code, a copy of this Announcement will be made available (subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions), free of charge, on Gamma's website at https://gammagroup.co/company/investors/disclaimer-content/ and on Bidco's website at https://www.epiris.co.uk/media/gamma-offer/ by no later than 12:00 noon on the Business Day following the date of this Announcement. Neither the contents of this website nor the content of any other website accessible from hyperlinks on such websites is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Announcement. Requesting hard copies In accordance with Rule 30.3 of the Code, a person so entitled may request a hard copy of this Announcement, free of charge, by contacting MUFG Corporate Markets, Gamma's registrar on 0371 664 0300 from within the United Kingdom or on +44 (0) 371 664 0300 if calling from outside the United Kingdom. Lines are open 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales). For persons who receive a copy of this Announcement in electronic form or via a website notification, a hard copy of this Announcement will not be sent unless so requested. In accordance with Rule 30.3 of the Code, a person so entitled may also request that all future documents, announcements and information to be sent to them in relation to the Acquisition should be in hard copy form. Electronic communications - information for Gamma Shareholders Please be aware that addresses, electronic addresses and certain information provided by Gamma Shareholders, persons with information rights and other relevant persons for the receipt of communications from Gamma may be provided to Bidco during the Offer Period as required under section 4 of Appendix 4 of the Code. Rounding Certain figures included in this Announcement have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. Disclosure requirements of the Code Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the Offer Period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of: (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm on the 10th Business Day (as defined in the Code) following the commencement of the Offer Period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 pm on the 10th Business Day (as defined in the Code) following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure. Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of: (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror, save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm on the Business Day (as defined in the Code) following the date of the relevant dealing. If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3. Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror, and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4). Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the Offer Period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Takeover Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0) 20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure. General If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or independent financial adviser duly authorised under FSMA if you are resident in the United Kingdom or, if not, from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. The Acquisition will be subject to English law, the jurisdiction of the Court, and the applicable requirements of the Code, the Panel, the London Stock Exchange, the FCA, the UK Listing Rules and the Registrar of Companies. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 1 September 2026 RECOMMENDED CASH OFFER by BRADBURY BIDCO LIMITED (a newly incorporated company controlled by funds managed and/or advised by Epiris GP III Limited and its affiliates ) for GAMMA COMMUNICATIONS PLC to be effected by means of a Scheme of Arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 1. I ntroduction The boards of Gamma Communications plc (" Gamma ") and Bradbury Bidco Limited (" Bidco "), a newly incorporated entity formed by funds managed and/or advised b y Epiris GP III Limited for the purpose of making an offer for Gamma, are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash offer to be made by Bidco for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma (the " Acquisition "). It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act (although Bidco reserves the right to effect the Acquisition by way of an Offer, with the consent of the Takeover Panel). 2. The Acquisition Under the terms of the Acquisition, which will be subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Scheme Document, each Gamma Shareholder will be entitled to receive: 1,120 pence in cash per Gamma Share (the "Acquisition Price") The Acquisition Price values the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma at approximately £1,015 million on a fully diluted basis, with an implied enterprise value of approximately £1,079 million, and represents a premium of approximately: · 53 per cent. to £7.32 per Gamma Share, the Closing Price on 7 April 2026, the last trading day prior to the commencement of an offer period (the " Undisturbed Share Price Date "); · 55 per cent. to £7.23 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price for the period from 25 March 2026, the first trading day following the announcement of Gamma's results for the financial year ending 31 December 2025, to the Undisturbed Share Price Date; and · 41 per cent. to £7.93 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price during the one-month period prior to the Undisturbed Share Price Date. The Gamma Shares will be acquired by Bidco fully paid and free from all liens, equitable interests, charges, encumbrances, rights of pre-emption and any other third party rights or interests whatsoever and together with all rights existing at the date of this Announcement or thereafter attaching thereto, including (without limitation) the right to receive and retain, in full, all dividends and other distributions (if any) declared, made or paid or any other return of capital (whether by way of reduction of share capital or share premium account or otherwise) made on or after the date of this Announcement in respect of the Gamma Shares. If any dividend or other distribution in respect of the Gamma Shares is declared, paid or made on or after the date of this Announcement, Bidco reserves the right to reduce the consideration payable for each Gamma Share under the terms of the Acquisition by the amount per Gamma Share of such dividend or distribution, in which case any reference in this Announcement to the consideration payable under the terms of the Acquisition will be deemed to be a reference to the consideration as so reduced. 3. R ecommendation The Gamma Directors, who have been so advised by Barclays and Q Advisors as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Gamma Directors, Barclays and Q Advisors have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Gamma Directors. Barclays is providing independent financial advice to the Gamma Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, the Gamma Directors intend to recommend unanimously that Gamma Shareholders vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, if Bidco exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, that Gamma Shareholders accept such offer), as the Gamma Directors who hold Gamma Shares (in a personal capacity or through a nominee) have irrevocably undertaken to do, or procure to be done, in respect of their own beneficial holdings (and their connected persons'), amounting, in aggregate, to 114,824 Gamma Shares (representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.13 per cent. of the Gamma Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) in issue on 28 August 2026 (being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement). 4. Background to and reasons for the Acquisition Epiris believes that Gamma is today a leading European provider of business-critical communication technology, having materially expanded its business beyond the UK and launched successful new products. This transformation reflects the significant progress made by the Company through the coherent execution of the strategy put in place by the current Board and management of Gamma. Epiris believes that it is well positioned to accelerate Gamma's transformation and development as a private company and to deliver the Company's next phase of growth. Epiris believes that Gamma's businesses possess the following attractive characteristics: · Gamma offers a broad range of business-critical communication technology solutions, combining proprietary solutions with leading third-party cloud platforms, its own telecoms network and a high quality of service; · Gamma's success is deeply rooted in its longstanding relationships with SMEs, enterprises and an extensive network of channel partners, with leading market presence in the UK and Germany; and · Gamma has a proven track record of delivering profitable organic growth and attractive cash generation. Whilst the historical level of organic growth has recently been more challenging to deliver, Epiris believes that product investments and a number of focused strategic initiatives will enable Gamma's organic growth to be accelerated. Epiris believes that, through increased investments and a renewed strategic focus on innovation underpinned by greater AI adoption, there are significant opportunities for Gamma to accelerate its growth, enhance its competitive position in all key markets, and unlock its long-term potential as a leading European communication services provider. Epiris has a robust understanding of Gamma's lines of business and industry dynamics. Epiris has considerable experience in the telecommunications sector in the UK, including its investments in July 2022 in Sepura, a global leader in the design, development and supply of digital radio devices and associated ecosystems, and in June 2022 in Appello, a technology-enabled care and digital monitoring provider which has been used as a platform to acquire other businesses. Epiris believes that the additional flexibility that comes from a private company environment will enable Gamma to invest further and focus on sustainably improving the growth of its businesses over the long-term in order to drive value within its businesses for the benefit of all stakeholders. Building on their extensive experience as long-term investors in high-quality businesses, Epiris is well placed to provide Gamma with strategic guidance, operational support and capital to accelerate its next phase of growth. Epiris' network of partners and experts will further support Gamma's key growth priorities, including investments in new products and services, commercial excellence and AI adoption. Epiris has formed Bidco for the purpose of making the Acquisition. 5. Background to and reasons for the Gamma Board's unanimous recommendation The Gamma Directors have carefully considered the terms of the Acquisition against Gamma's market valuation prior to the start of the Offer Period and its prospects as an independent listed company. They have taken account of Gamma's strong market positions, differentiated business model, record of profitable growth and cash generation, standalone opportunities and the risks associated with delivering its strategy over time. The Gamma Directors have also considered the value and certainty of the all-cash Acquisition, the outcome of discussions resulting from inbound interest in the Company, the development of Epiris' proposal following negotiations with the Company and Epiris' stated intentions for Gamma, its employees and other stakeholders. Having considered these factors, the Gamma Directors believe that the Acquisition provides Gamma Shareholders with an opportunity to realise their investment in cash at a value which may not otherwise be achievable in the foreseeable future and with certainty. The Gamma Directors have therefore concluded that the Acquisition represents a superior outcome for Gamma Shareholders compared with continuing to pursue Gamma's standalone strategy and intend unanimously to recommend the Acquisition. Gamma's track record and strategy Gamma is a leading European provider of business-critical communications technology. It serves small and medium-sized businesses through an extensive channel partner network and larger enterprises and public sector organisations directly. Gamma benefits from a high proportion of recurring revenue [1] , long-standing customer and channel relationships, strong positions in the UK and Germany and a broad portfolio of cloud communications, voice, connectivity, mobile and security solutions. Gamma has invested consistently in its technology, network, products, customer proposition and people. It has also deployed capital selectively through acquisitions that have expanded its capabilities and geographic reach, including Placetel and STARFACE in Germany. For the year ended 31 December 2025, Gamma delivered revenue of £645.8 million, gross profit of £348.2 million and Adjusted EBITDA of £141.7 million. Recurring revenue 1 represented 89 per cent. of Group revenue and adjusted cash conversion was 93 per cent. The Gamma Board and management team have continued to execute Gamma's strategy. Key areas of focus have included scaling the German business, expanding Gamma's product portfolio and Service Provider proposition, strengthening Gamma Enterprise and delivering efficiencies in the UK business. The Gamma Directors remain confident in Gamma's long-term prospects and believe that the Company is well placed to benefit from structural demand for cloud-based and business-critical communications solutions. Recent trading In its AGM trading update on 13 May 2026, Gamma reported that the Group had made a good start to FY 2026. Gamma Germany continued to benefit from strong adoption of cloud communications solutions; cloud volumes in the UK continued to grow; the Service Provider business made early progress in its international expansion; and Gamma Enterprise continued to secure contract renewals and new business wins. Gamma also reported continued healthy underlying cash generation and a strong financial position. As at 30 April 2026, Gamma had net debt of £1.6 million, after £12.1 million of expenditure under its share buyback programme and £3.8 million of deferred and contingent consideration relating to prior acquisitions. Gamma expects to publish its interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on 7 September 2026. Standalone opportunities and risks The Gamma Directors believe that Gamma has a credible standalone strategy and attractive opportunities for continued growth. These include further development of the German business, expansion of the Service Provider proposition, growth in Enterprise, cross-selling across Gamma's portfolio and selective M&A. However, delivery of the standalone strategy is subject to execution risk and external uncertainties. These include macroeconomic pressure on UK SMEs, the impact of the PSTN switch-off, competition and pricing dynamics, the pace of migration to cloud solutions, successful integration of acquisitions and wider economic, regulatory and geopolitical uncertainty. The Gamma Directors have also considered Gamma's historical and prospective trading valuation, relevant sector trading conditions and the time and risk associated with delivering value through a standalone strategy. Background to the Acquisition Following receipt of inbound interest, on 7 April 2026 Gamma announced that it was in preliminary discussions with a number of interested counterparties to establish whether any party might put forward a proposal that would deliver greater value to Gamma Shareholders than pursuing a standalone independent strategy. In the course of these discussions, the Gamma Board considered a number of proposals including offers for the Group as a whole as well as proposals to purchase certain distinct parts of the Group. The Board provided selected parties with access to management and due diligence information. The Board rejected proposals which it considered did not adequately reflect Gamma's value and prospects, while seeking to maximise value and taking account of transaction certainty, complexity and execution risk. Following a series of proposals submitted by Epiris, as well as proposals received from a number of other interested counterparties, and further engagement and negotiations with those parties, the Gamma Board concluded that the Acquisition represented the most attractive available outcome for Gamma Shareholders, taking account of value, certainty and deliverability. Financial terms and certainty of value Under the terms of the Acquisition, Gamma Shareholders will be entitled to receive 1,120 pence in cash for each Gamma Share. The Acquisition values Gamma's entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital at approximately £1,015 million on a fully diluted basis and implies an enterprise value of approximately £1,079 million. The Acquisition Price represents a premium of approximately: · 53 per cent. to £7.32 per Gamma Share, the Closing Price on 7 April 2026, the last trading day prior to the commencement of an offer period, the Undisturbed Share Price Date; · 55 per cent. to £7.23 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price for the period from 25 March 2026, the first trading day following the announcement of Gamma's results for the financial year ending 31 December 2025, to the Undisturbed Share Price Date; and · 41 per cent. to £7.93 per Gamma Share, the Volume Weighted Average Price during the one-month period prior to the Undisturbed Share Price Date. The cash consideration allows Gamma Shareholders to realise their investment in full and with certainty. It removes exposure to the risks and time required to deliver Gamma's standalone strategy and to wider equity market volatility. Other factors considered by the Gamma Board In reaching its decision, the Gamma Board also considered: · the outcome of discussions undertaken by the Company, non-binding pricing indications provided, and the absence of a superior deliverable proposal; · the certainty and deliverability of the Acquisition, including financing, regulatory considerations and the proposed scheme structure; · the terms of the Cooperation Agreement and the protections available to Gamma if the Acquisition does not complete; · Epiris' stated intentions for Gamma's business, management, employees and other stakeholders; and · the advice received from Gamma's financial and legal advisers. Conclusion and recommendation The Gamma Directors, who have been so advised by Barclays and Q Advisors as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Gamma Directors, Barclays and Q Advisors have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Gamma Directors. Barclays is providing independent financial advice to the Gamma Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, the Gamma Directors intend unanimously to recommend that Gamma Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting, as the Gamma Directors who hold Gamma Shares have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of 114,824 Gamma Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.13 per cent. of the Gamma Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) in issue on 28 August 2026, being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement. 6. Conditions The Acquisition is conditional, amongst other things, upon: · the approval of the Scheme by a majority in number representing not less than 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shareholders entitled to vote and present and voting, either in person or by proxy, at the Court Meeting (or at any adjournment, postponement or reconvention of such meeting) on or before the 22 nd day after the expected date of the Court Meeting to be set out in the Scheme Document in due course (or such later date as may be agreed between Bidco and Gamma with the consent of the Takeover Panel and the Court may allow); · the passing of the Resolutions necessary to implement the Scheme by the requisite majority of Gamma Shareholders at the General Meeting to be held on or before the 22 nd day after the expected date of the General Meeting to be set out in the Scheme Document (or such later date, if any, as Bidco and Gamma with the consent of the Takeover Panel may agree and the Court may allow); and · the satisfaction or waiver of the relevant antitrust approvals in Germany and Austria and foreign direct investment approvals in Australia, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. The attention of Gamma Shareholders is drawn to the fact that the Acquisition is also conditional on other Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Scheme Document. The Scheme Document, along with the notice of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting and the Forms of Proxy will be despatched to Gamma Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this Announcement, unless Bidco and Gamma otherwise agree, and the Takeover Panel consents, to a later date. 7. Irrevocable undertakings Bidco has received irrevocable undertakings to vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting (or, if Bidco exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, to accept such offer) from all of the Gamma Directors who hold Gamma Shares (in a personal capacity or through a nominee) in respect of their (and their connected persons') entire beneficial holdings of Gamma Shares, amounting, in aggregate, to 114,824 Gamma Shares representing, in aggregate, approximately 0.13 per cent. of the Gamma Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) in issue on 28 August 2026, being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement. Further details of these irrevocable undertakings (including details of the circumstances in which they cease to be binding) are set out in Appendix III to this Announcement. 8. Information on Epiris and Bidco Epiris Epiris is a long established and successful private equity firm based in London. It has significant experience in technology and communications businesses, including its investment in Sepura, a global leader in the design, development and supply of digital radio devices and associated ecosystems for mission-critical applications . Epiris invests in high-quality businesses with strong market positions, providing long-term capital to support management teams to make sustained investment in product development, technology and M&A to accelerate growth. Bidco Bidco is a newly incorporated company controlled by Epiris. Bidco has not traded prior to the date of this Announcement, nor has it entered into any obligation other than in connection with the Acquisition. As at the Effective Date, Bidco will be controlled by Epiris Funds. HarbourVest Funds and Limewood Capital Funds are expected to have minority, indirect interests in Bidco via the Epiris Aggregator Fund. Ares Funds, which are also providing debt funding to Bidco, are expected to hold a minority interest in an indirect parent company of Bidco. 9. Information on Gamma Gamma is a leading European provider of business-critical communications technology. Gamma's extensive channel partner network connects major technology vendors with hundreds of thousands of SMEs, and it deals directly with large corporates and the public sector. Gamma combines its proprietary solutions with leading third-party cloud platforms, its own telecoms network and a high quality of service, to help customers communicate and collaborate more effectively. Gamma's broad and expanding portfolio - including cloud communications software (telephony, messaging, video, AI-driven customer experience), calling and network connectivity (including security) - enables customers of any size to deploy end-to-end communications and IT solutions via a single provider. With over 2,000 employees, Gamma is a FTSE 250 company listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 10. Gamma current trading Gamma expects to publish its interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on 7 September 2026 and its current trading is in line with the details to be set out in that announcement. 11. Bidco Strategic plans for Gamma, Directors, management, employees, pensions, research and development and locations Strategic plans for Gamma As set out in paragraph 4 , Gamma is a leading European provider of business-critical communication technology, having materially expanded its business beyond the UK and launched successful new products. Epiris believes that increased investment in products is important to enhance Gamma's market position across its product portfolio which is built around three core product categories: Calling, Cloud Communications and Connectivity. Epiris and Bidco believe that it is better positioned to accelerate Gamma's ongoing transformation and development as a private company and to deliver the Company's next phase of growth. Prior to this announcement, consistent with market practice, Epiris and Bidco were granted access to Gamma's senior management for the purposes of confirmatory due diligence. This has enabled Epiris and Bidco to develop a good understanding of Gamma and its businesses and to develop a near term strategy for the Company that is similar in many respects to the Company's current strategy and a number of its initiatives. Epiris and Bidco intend to build on Gamma's broad range of business-critical communication technology solutions, its longstanding relationships with SMEs, enterprises and channel partners, as well as its leading market presence in the UK and Germany. Building on Gamma's underlying strong market positions, Epiris and Bidco believe that increased investment and a continued strategic focus on sales execution and product innovation, underpinned by greater AI adoption, will provide significant opportunities for the Company to return to organic growth in the UK and enhance its competitive position in all key markets. In summary, Bidco believes that it can unlock Gamma's long-term potential as a leading European communication services provider. Following the Acquisition becoming Effective, Bidco intends to partner with Gamma's management to undertake a more detailed evaluation of Gamma's strategy, operations and product portfolio, investment priorities and business plan (the " Strategic Evaluation ") to identify initiatives to enhance and accelerate Gamma's strategy across its Calling, Cloud Communications and Connectivity business categories. The Strategic Evaluation will involve discussions with key stakeholders and an assessment of the strategy, capital requirements, performance and potential of Gamma's businesses and products. Epiris and Bidco intend that the Strategic Evaluation will provide the detailed information, that has not been available to date in the context of the process undertaken to get to a Rule 2.7 announcement, to formulate specific final plans and intentions regarding the impact of the Acquisition on Gamma's business operations and product portfolio. While Gamma management continues to implement existing initiatives consistent with the aligned, near term strategy, Epiris and Bidco expect to undertake and complete this Strategic Evaluation within approximately six months from the Effective Date. While the detailed parameters of this evaluation have not yet been finalised and will be discussed with Gamma management, Epiris and Bidco intend the evaluation to focus on: · Performance of the current product portfolio and a review of strengths and areas for development to help Gamma's expansion in existing growth market segments, and to mitigate performance in declining segments; · Options for enhancing and developing the product portfolio, including asset and product acquisitions, disposals and other ways to strengthen Gamma's Calling, Cloud Communications and Connectivity business categories; · Best practices, efficiencies and optimised business structures and processes across Gamma's businesses to create best-in-class operations; · Level, focus and effectiveness of its innovation investment alongside the structures through which Gamma's investment is made and innovation delivered; · Non-critical administrative expenses and spending in functions related to Gamma's status as a listed company and shared corporate activities; and · Growth opportunities, across organic and inorganic growth opportunities, for Gamma's businesses going forward. Employees and management Bidco attaches great importance to the skill and experience of Gamma's management and employees, recognising they are key to Gamma's success and have made significant contributions to Gamma's achievements to date. Epiris and Bidco look forward to partnering with the employees and the management team of Gamma to accelerate and enhance the success of Gamma's businesses following completion of the Acquisition. Epiris and Bidco do not intend to make any material reduction in the headcount of Gamma, or any material change to the conditions of employment of employees and the management of Gamma in the first 12 months following completion. Once Gamma ceases to be a listed company, Epiris and Bidco anticipate that a number of functions associated with Gamma's status as a publicly listed company and its shared corporate activities will no longer be required in their current form and will be reduced in scope or be repositioned to align with Gamma's new status as a private company. This may impact a number of roles in these specific areas. As is customary, it is intended that, with effect from the Effective Date, each of the Non-Executive Directors of Gamma shall resign from their office. Existing employment rights and pensions Bidco confirms that, following the Scheme becoming Effective, the existing contractual and statutory employment rights, including in relation to pensions, of all Gamma management and employees will be fully safeguarded in accordance with applicable law and as specified further in the Cooperation Agreement. Bidco does not intend to make any changes to the benefits provided by Gamma's defined contribution pension arrangements and intends for the employer to continue to make contributions in line with current arrangements. No member of the Gamma Group participates in any defined benefit pension scheme. Management incentive arrangements Epiris and Bidco attach great importance to the skills, experience and expertise of the existing Gamma management and employees. Following completion of the Acquisition, Bidco intends to review the management incentive structures and governance of Gamma. Bidco has not entered into, and has not had discussions on proposals to enter into, any form of incentivisation arrangements with members of Gamma's management, but may have discussions and enter into such discussions for certain members of the Gamma management team following the Effective Date. Headquarters, HQ functions, locations, fixed assets and research and development Bidco does not intend to make any material changes to Gamma's fixed assets or asset base. Bidco does not intend to carry out any changes in the location or HQ functions of Gamma's headquarters or with regard to Gamma's operations and places of business, other than in respect of the listed company-related functions as described above. Epiris and Bidco understand the importance of innovation and product development to Gamma's businesses and its ability to strengthen its customer relationships and market leading positions. Epiris and Bidco believe that increased investment and a continued strategic focus on innovation and product development will provide significant opportunities for Gamma. As a result, while Gamma does not have a formal research and development function and, accordingly Bidco has no plans in relation to such a function, Epiris and Bidco intend to support and enhance Gamma's innovation and product development capabilities within its businesses, including within Gamma's technology function, Gamma Labs. Trading Facilities Gamma Shares are currently listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. As set out in paragraph 17 , applications will be made for the cancellation of the listing of Gamma Shares on the Official List and the cancellation of trading of Gamma Shares on the London Stock Exchange, and steps will be taken to re-register Gamma as a private company. None of the statements in this paragraph 11 are "post-offer undertakings" for the purposes of Rule 19.5 of the Takeover Code. 12. Financing The cash consideration payable to the Gamma Shareholders under the terms of the Acquisition will be financed through a combination of funds committed to Bidco comprised of: (i) equity financing drawn down by and/or committed to the Epiris Funds, including equity financing committed by the HarbourVest Funds and Limewood Capital Funds, and the Ares Funds as equity co-investor; and (ii) debt financing to be made available to Bidco by the Ares Funds under the Interim Facilities Agreement. Certain of the Epiris Funds' equity commitments may be provided by other equity co-investors in investment vehicles managed by Epiris on or prior to the Effective Date. It is currently expected that any such co-investors would be passive and not be granted any governance or control rights over Bidco or any member of the Bidco Group or the Gamma Group. Goldman Sachs, in its capacity as financial adviser to Bidco, confirms that it is satisfied that sufficient cash resources are available to Bidco to satisfy in full the cash consideration payable to Gamma Shareholders under the terms of the Acquisition. Further information on the financing of the Acquisition will be set out in the Scheme Document. 13. Offer-related arrangements Confidentiality Agreement Epiris and Gamma entered into a confidentiality agreement dated 11 July 2026 pursuant to which, amongst other things, Epiris has undertaken to: (a) subject to certain exceptions, keep confidential information relating to the Gamma Group confidential and not to disclose it to third parties; and (b) use such confidential information only in connection with the Acquisition. The confidentiality obligations remain in force notwithstanding termination of discussions relating to the Acquisition. The Confidentiality Agreement further includes standstill obligations which restricted Epiris from acquiring or offering to acquire interest in certain securities of Gamma; those restrictions ceased to apply on the making of this Announcement. Clean Team Agreement Epiris and Gamma have entered into a clean team agreement dated 11 July 2026 (the " Clean Team Agreement ") which sets out, among other things, certain procedures and principles to be followed to ensure adequate treatment of certain competitively sensitive information between Epiris and Gamma's respective clean team individuals and/or external advisers. Joint Defence Agreement Epiris, Gamma and their respective external legal counsel have entered into a confidentiality and joint defence agreement dated 11 July 2026 (the " Joint Defence Agreement "), the purpose of which is to ensure that the exchange and/or disclosure of certain materials relating to each of the Gamma Group and Epiris only takes place between their respective legal counsels and external experts, in order to not diminish in any way the confidentiality of such materials or result in a waiver of privilege or other right or immunity that might otherwise be available. Cooperation Agreement Bidco and Gamma entered into a cooperation agreement on or around the date of this Announcement (the " Cooperation Agreement ") in connection with the Acquisition. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, each of Bidco and Gamma has agreed to cooperate with each other for the purposes of obtaining all regulatory approvals and preparing the Scheme Document. Bidco has also entered into commitments in relation to obtaining all necessary regulatory clearances. The Cooperation Agreement also contains certain provisions regarding a switch to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer. The Cooperation Agreement will terminate in a number of customary circumstances, including (i) if agreed in writing between Bidco and Gamma prior to the Effective Date, (ii) if the Gamma Directors withdraw their recommendation of the Acquisition, (iii) if the Takeover Panel permits Bidco to invoke any Condition, (iv) if the Scheme is not approved at the Court Meeting and/or the Resolutions are not passed at the General Meeting or if the Court refuses to sanction the Scheme, (v) if the Acquisition is withdrawn or lapses or (vi) if the Acquisition does not complete before the Long Stop Date. The Cooperation Agreement also contains provisions that will apply in respect of certain employee-related matters and the Gamma Share Plans including provisions to permit the making of cash retention awards to certain employees (excluding directors or persons discharging managerial responsibilities) whose retention is considered critical for the business. 14. Structure of the Acquisition Scheme It is intended that the Acquisition will be effected by a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement between Gamma and the Scheme Shareholders under Part 26 of the Companies Act. The purpose of the Scheme is to provide for Bidco to become the owner of the whole of the issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma. Under the Scheme, the Acquisition is to be achieved by the transfer of the Scheme Shares held by Scheme Shareholders to Bidco in consideration for which the Scheme Shareholders will receive cash consideration pursuant to the Scheme . Court Meeting and General Meeting To become Effective, the Scheme will require, amongst other things, the: · approval of a majority in number of the Scheme Shareholders who vote, representing not less than 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shares voted, either in person or by proxy, at the Court Meeting; and · approval by the requisite majority of the Gamma Shareholders of the Resolutions at the General Meeting (to be held directly after the Court Meeting) necessary in order to implement the Scheme. Application to Court to sanction the Scheme Once the approvals have been obtained at the Court Meeting and the General Meeting and the other Conditions have been satisfied or (where applicable) waived, the Scheme must be sanctioned by the Court at the Sanction Hearing before it can become Effective. The Scheme will become Effective in accordance with its terms on delivery of the Court Order to the Registrar of Companies. Upon the Scheme becoming Effective, it will be binding on all Scheme Shareholders, irrespective of whether or not they attended or voted at the Court Meeting or General Meeting, or whether they voted in favour of or against the Scheme. The Scheme will contain a provision for Bidco and Gamma to consent jointly, on behalf of all persons concerned, to any modification of or addition to the Scheme or to any condition that the Court may approve or impose. Full details of the Scheme to be set out in the Scheme Document The Scheme Document will include full details of the Scheme, including the expected timetable and the action to be taken by Scheme Shareholders. The Scheme will be governed by English law. The Scheme will be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code, the Takeover Panel, the UK Listing Rules, the FCA and the Registrar of Companies. The Scheme Document, along with the notice of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting and the Forms of Proxy will be despatched to Gamma Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this Announcement, unless Bidco and Gamma otherwise agree, and the Takeover Panel consents, to a later date. Subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, the Scheme Document will also be made available on Gamma's website at https://gammagroup.co/company/investors/disclaimer-content/ and on Bidco's website at https://www.epiris.co.uk/media/gamma-offer/. At this stage, subject to the satisfaction or where applicable, waiver of the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I, Bidco and Gamma expect the Acquisition to become Effective during the first half of 2027. If the Scheme does not become Effective on or before the Long Stop Date (or such later date as Bidco and Gamma may, with the consent of the Takeover Panel and, if required, the Court, agree) it will lapse and the Acquisition will not proceed (unless the Takeover Panel otherwise consents). Right to switch to a Takeover Offer Bidco reserves the right to elect, with the consent of the Takeover Panel and in accordance with the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Gamma as an alternative to the Scheme . In such an event, the Takeover Offer will be implemented on the same terms or, if Bidco so decides, on such other terms being no less favourable (subject to appropriate amendments), so far as applicable, as those which would apply to the Scheme and subject to the amendment referred to in Part C of Appendix I to this Announcement. 15. Dividends and share buyback programme In the light of the proposed Acquisition, the Gamma Board does not intend to declare or pay any further dividends prior to the Effective Date. It is also noted that the share buyback programme announced on 13 January 2026 is currently suspended, as the current share price is not within certain pre-set parameters agreed with Investec Bank plc, which was appointed to manage the share buyback programme. The Acquisition Price assumes that Gamma Shareholders shall not receive any dividend, distribution or other return of value. If, on or after the date of this Announcement and on or prior to the Effective Date, any dividend, distribution or other return of value is declared, made, or paid, or becomes payable by Gamma, Bidco reserves the right to reduce the Acquisition Price by an amount up to the amount of such dividend, distribution or other return of value in which case references to the Acquisition Price will be deemed to be a reference to the Acquisition Price as so reduced. In such circumstances, Gamma Shareholders shall be entitled to retain any such dividend, distribution or other return of value declared, made, or paid. 16. Gamma Share Plans Participants in the Gamma Share Plans will be contacted regarding the effect of the Acquisition on their rights under the Gamma Share Plans and, where relevant, appropriate proposals will be made to such participants pursuant to Rule 15 of the Code in due course. Details of these proposals will be set out in separate letters to be sent to participants in the Gamma Share Plans. Further details of the impact of the Acquisition on each of the Gamma Share Plans will be set out in the Scheme Document. 17. De-listing and re-registration Prior to the Scheme becoming Effective, Gamma will make an application to the London Stock Exchange for the cancellation of trading of the Gamma Shares on the Main Market, and to the FCA for the cancellation of the listing of Gamma Shares on the Official List, in each case to take effect from or shortly after the Effective Date. The last day of dealings in Gamma Shares on the Main Market is expected to be the Business Day immediately prior to the Effective Date and no transfers shall be registered after 6.00 p.m. on that date. Upon the Scheme becoming Effective, share certificates in respect of the Gamma Shares will cease to be valid and should be destroyed. In addition, entitlements to Gamma Shares held within the CREST system will be cancelled on the Effective Date. As soon as practicable after the Effective Date, it is intended that Gamma will be re-registered as a private limited company under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act. 18. Disclosure of interests in Gamma As at the close of business on 28 August 2026, being the last Business Day prior to this Announcement, save for the irrevocable undertakings referred to in paragraph 7 above and Appendix III, neither Bidco, nor any of its directors, nor so far as Bidco is aware, any person acting, or deemed to be acting, in concert with Bidco: · had an interest in, or right to subscribe for, relevant securities of Gamma; · had any short position in (whether conditional or absolute and whether in the money or otherwise), including any short position under a derivative, any agreement to sell or any delivery obligation or right to require another person to purchase or take delivery of, relevant securities of Gamma; · had procured an irrevocable commitment or letter of intent to accept the terms of the Acquisition in respect of relevant securities of Gamma; or · had borrowed or lent any Gamma Shares (including, for these purposes, any financial collateral arrangements of the kind referred to in Note 4 to Rule 4.6 of the Code). Furthermore, save for the irrevocable undertakings described in paragraph 7 and Appendix III above, no arrangement exists between Bidco or Gamma or a person acting in concert with Bidco or Gamma in relation to Gamma Shares . For these purposes, an "arrangement" includes any indemnity or option arrangement, any agreement or any understanding, formal or informal, of whatever nature, relating to Gamma Shares which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing in such securities. 19. Documents on display Copies of this Announcement and the following documents will, by no later than 12 noon on the Business Day following the date of this Announcement, be made available on Gamma's website at https://gammagroup.co/company/investors/disclaimer-content/ and on Bidco's website at https://www.epiris.co.uk/media/gamma-offer/ until the end of the Offer Period: · this Announcement; · the Confidentiality Agreement; · the Joint Defence Agreement; · the Clean Team Agreement; · the irrevocable undertakings referred to in paragraph 7; · the Cooperation Agreement; · the LP Subscription Agreements; · the Topco Subscription Agreement; · equity commitment letters from the Epiris Fund III, the HarbourVest Funds, and the Ares Funds, each in favour of Bidco dated on or around 1 September 2026 entered into in relation to the equity financing of the Acquisition referred to in paragraph 12 above; · the Interim Facilities Agreement; and · the consent letter from each of Goldman Sachs International, Barclays, Q Advisors, Investec and Peel Hunt referred to in paragraph 20 below. 20. General The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix I and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Scheme Document. The Scheme Document, along with the notice of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting and the Forms of Proxy will be despatched to Gamma Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this Announcement, (or by such later date as Bidco and Gamma may agree, with the consent of the Takeover Panel). In deciding whether or not to vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting, Gamma Shareholders should rely on the information contained, and follow the procedures described, in the Scheme Document. Each of Goldman Sachs International, Barclays, Q Advisors, Investec and Peel Hunt have given and not withdrawn their consent to the inclusion in this Announcement of the references to their names in the form and context in which they appear. Appendix II contains details of sources of information and bases of calculation contained in this Announcement. Appendix III contains certain details relating to the irrevocable undertakings referred to in this Announcement. Appendix IV contains definitions of certain terms used in this Announcement. Enquiries: Epiris Ian Wood Thayne Forbes James Beart +44 (0) 20 7214 4200 Goldman Sachs International (Exclusive Financial Adviser to Epiris and Bidco) Nick Harper Khamran Ali Lorenzo Carlino Enrique Vallina +44 (0) 20 7774 1000 Greenbrook Advisory (PR Adviser to Epiris and Bidco) Peter Hewer Bree Taylor +44 (0) 20 7952 2000 epiris@greenbrookadvisory.com Gamma Communications plc Martin Hellawell, Chair Andrew Belshaw, Chief Executive Officer Rachael Matzopoulos, Company Secretary +44 (0) 33 3006 5972 Barclays (Lead Financial Adviser to Gamma) Alastair Blackman Alex Evans Callum West Michael Hart +44 (0) 20 7623 2323 Q Advisors (Joint Financial Adviser to Gamma) Michael Quinn Kristian MacCarter +1 303 996 3003 Investec (Joint Financial Adviser and Joint Broker to Gamma) Patrick Robb Luke Spells Virginia Bull +44 (0) 207 597 5970 Peel Hunt (Joint Financial Adviser and Joint Broker to Gamma) Neil Patel Alice Lane Benjamin Cryer +44 (0) 207 418 8900 Teneo (PR Adviser to Gamma) James Macey White Daniel Rowland +44 (0) 20 7260 2700 gamma@teneo.com Latham & Watkins (London) LLP are retained as legal adviser to Epiris and Bidco. Bird & Bird LLP are retained as legal adviser to Gamma. Important Notices Goldman Sachs International , which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA in the United K

[truncated]