Disclaimer* WPEF IX Holding Coöperatief W.A. 01 October 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.8 OF THE CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE "CODE"). FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 1 October 2026 Statement regarding Gamma Communications plc (“Gamma”) Further to the announcement on 21 August 2026 by Gamma that it was in discussions with Waterland Private Equity Investment B.V. (“ Waterland ”) regarding a possible offer for Gamma, Waterland confirms that it does not intend to make an offer for Gamma. Accordingly, except with the consent of the Takeover Panel, Waterland (and any person acting in concert with it) is bound by the restrictions under Rule 2.8 of the Code. Under Note 2 on Rule 2.8 of the Code, Waterland (and any person acting in concert with it) reserves the right to set aside the restrictions in Rule 2.8 in the following circumstances: in the event that the offer by Epiris LLP is withdrawn or lapses, with the agreement or recommendation of the board of Gamma; if a third party announces a firm intention to make an offer for Gamma; following the announcement by Gamma of a Rule 9 waiver proposal (as described in Note 1 of the Notes on Dispensations from Rule 9) or a reverse takeover (as defined in the Code); or if there has been a material change of circumstances (as determined by the Takeover Panel). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gamma Communications (GAMA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and