Disclaimer* Takeover Panel 29 September 2026 2026/14 GAMMA COMMUNICATIONS PLC (“GAMMA”) BRADBURY BIDCO LIMITED (A NEWLY INCORPORATED COMPANY CONTROLLED BY FUNDS MANAGED AND/OR ADVISED BY EPIRIS GP III LIMITED AND ITS AFFILIATES) (“EPIRIS”) WATERLAND PRIVATE EQUITY INVESTMENTS B.V. (“WATERLAND”) On 7 April 2026, Gamma announced that it was in preliminary discussions with a number of interested parties with a view to establishing whether such parties might be willing to put forward a proposal that would deliver greater value to shareholders than pursuing a standalone independent strategy. On 13 May 2026, Gamma announced that Providence Equity Partners L.L.C. (“Providence”) was one of the parties with which it was in discussions. On 15 May 2026, Gamma announced that Epiris LLP and a consortium comprising Oakley Capital and Giacom Limited were amongst the parties with which it was in discussions. On 10 June 2026, Gamma announced that Providence and Epiris LLP had formed a consortium for the purposes of a possible offer for Gamma. On 24 June 2026, Providence announced that it was no longer part of a consortium with Epiris LLP and that Providence did not intend to make an offer for Gamma. On 12 June 2026, Oakley Capital announced that it did not intend to make an offer for Gamma and that, contrary to the announcement made by Gamma on 15 May 2026, it had not been acting in concert with Giacom Limited. On 21 August 2026, Gamma announced that Waterland was amongst the parties with which it was in discussions. On 1 September 2026, the boards of Gamma and Epiris announced that they had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash offer for the entire issued, and to be issued, ordinary share capital of Gamma (the “Epiris Offer”), to be effected by way of a scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006. On 25 September 2026, Gamma published a scheme circular in relation to the Epiris Offer. That circular included notice of the shareholder meetings to approve the Epiris Offer (the “Shareholder Meetings”), which have been convened for 20 October 2026. Pursuant to Section 4 of Appendix 7 of the Takeover Code, the Panel Executive has ruled that, unless the Executive consents otherwise, Waterland must, by 5.00pm on 13 October 2026, being the seventh day prior to the date of the Shareholder Meetings, either announce a firm intention to make an offer for Gamma in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code or announce that it does not intend to make an offer for Gamma. This deadline will cease to apply if, before that time, a party other than Waterland announces a firm intention to make an offer for Gamma in accordance with Rule 2.7. Each of Gamma, Epiris and Waterland has accepted this ruling. 29 September 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Gamma Communications (GAMA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and