¢e Gamma

Empowering people
to communicate

Gamma Communic:
Annual Report and ‘Accounts 2023

foun yu

**ADS3OTNS'
aq 28/08/2024 \
COMPANIES HOUSE

Empowering people to communicate

Gamma is a leading technology-based
provider of communication services
across Europe.

PAGE 02

Chair's statement

Read the Chair's statement where
our new Chair, Martin Hellawell,
presents his initial views and
reports on Board changes.

ONLINE

Our 2023 online report
View our online Annual
Report and Accounts 2023.

report::

Chief Executive

Officer's statement
Our CEO's report explains progress
against our strategic objectives.

Strategic
report

Chair's statement

The Gamma business

Growth drivers

PAGE 23

Financial review
Read our CFO's report which sets out
our 2023 financial performance.

Our strategy

Chief Executive
Officer's statement

Key performance indicators

Financial review

Risk management

Our principal risks

Our stakeholders
Section 172

Our people
TCFD

Strategic report sign off

Revenue

£521.7M +38%

Grew from £484,6m to £521.7m
(these figures include acquisitions made)

Gross profit

£267.2M +8%

Grew from £247.7m to £267.2m

Adjusted EBITDA

£114.3m +9%

Grew from £105.1m to £114.3m,

Profit before tax

£71.5m +10%

Grew from £64.9m to £71.5m

Dividend per share

17.1p

Grew from 15.0p to 17.1p

+14%

Adjusted EPS (fully diluted)

75.1p +5%

Grew from 71.8p to 75.1p

er ee

TCFD report

Read our TCFD report which explains
our commitment to the environment.

senda anniniinane

Financial
statements

Independent auditor's report 110

Sindasinineinins

Consolidated statement
of profit or loss 116

Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income 116

Consolidated statement
of financial position 17

Consolidated statement
of cash flows

118

Consolidated statement
of changes in equity 19

Governance

Notes to the financial statements 120

Company statement

of financial position 155
report Company statement
Chair's introduction to corporate ofchangesinequity 156
governance Notes to the Company

financial statements 157

Board of Directors

Executive Committee

Corporate governance report 68

Additional
information

Alternative Performance
Measures

Nomination Committee report

Audit Committee report

Risk Committee report

ESG Committee report

Directors’ Remuneration report

Directors’ report Company information

Statement of Directors’
responsibilities

Glossary 164

Gamma Communications pic Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Chair's statement

lam pleased to present my
first Chair's statement for
Gamma in yet another year
of record performance.

Prior to joining Gamma in July
2023, | followed the Company for
many years and with admiration
for many reasons. Gamma covers
a vast area of technology including
cloud-based telephony and
communication systems, voice
enablement of collaboration
platforms such as Microsoft
Teams, connectivity, mobile,
networking and security with
great expertise and experience.
It provides wide-ranging services
on these technologies including
design, implementation,
management and support.

66

There are exciting
opportunities, and | am looking
forward to working with the
Board and management to help
Gamma capitalise on those in
the times ahead.”

The Company has an enviable and growing

customer base both in the UK and overseas.

That customer base comprises all types of
organisations from small and mid-sized
organisations which are extensively
covered by a remarkable channel partner
network, to large organisations covered
either jointly with partners or through the
Company's own client teams. Partner and
customer loyalty is outstanding, driven by
an obsession with customer service anda
can do attitude.

Financially, Gamma continues to enjoy
organic growth combined with a strong
appetite for meaningful inorganic growth,
excellent levels of profitability, recurring
revenues and cash generation resulting ina
very robust balance sheet with a healthy
level of cash. The Company has a very
strong Board and leadership team and very
high levels of corporate governance. Most
importantly Gamma has chosen its team
members wisely and! am constantly
impressed by their quality, passion and
attitude.

02 Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Unsurprisingly the market is constantly
changing and at an ever accelerating rate.
The pandemic in part led to great
technology change during that period when
we could no longer meet in person. The way
we communicate has changed beyond all
recognition. Voice is still an important
feature but so is video, mail, text, WhatsApp,
web chat, chat bots and social media, to
name but a few. Automation and now
particularly Artificial Intelligence play an
increasingly important part in those
communications. Security concerns around
all those technologies are increasing by the
day, so this drives the technology to keep up
to combat these threats.

Thatiis the fascinating universe Gamma
operates in,

The Company needs to move at a pace in
‘such a fast-moving market and itis doing
that. In the short time | have been with the
Company the executive team supported by
the Board has made a number of important
moves and decisions.

Gamma unequivocally recognises that the
technology giants like Microsoft, Amazon
and Cisco are already significant players in
this space and their presence will only
increase. We embrace those vendors and
provide value by enhancing their offering
with our own technologies like our voice
enablement of Teams product Operator
Connect and/or by providing a range of
customer-centric services to enable our
partners and customers with these
technologies. One of the main reasons we
purchased Coolwave in February 2024 was
to enable us to provide Operator Connect in
far more geographies.

We recognise that the investment required
to build our own technologies for customers
with complex requirements is beyond our
reach and we should service those
customers by integrating third-party
platforms. This is not new. Our flagship

cloud telephony product has always been
based on third-party technology, in this case
Cisco's, and we are very Clear that will continue
as a future direction. By acquiring EnableX in
December 2023, we extended our market
share and optionality in this space with the
Ericsson-LG solution. Our own technology
development will focus on customers with less
complex needs which are not adequately
served by global technology companies, with
products such as PhoneLine+.

As I've already mentioned, the complexity of
solutions in this area makes security concerns
of paramount importance. Hence why we
acquired Satisnet in August 2023.

The executive team, led by our CEO Andrew
Belshaw, who has such in-depth knowledge of
the Company and the sector, is making sound
investment decisions at pace to ensure
Gamma stays at the forefront of this industry.
| thank the team for its excellent work, for
welcoming me on board and for answering an
endless stream of questions as I get up to
speed in this industry!

Board composition

During 2023 Richard Last and Martin Lea
left the Board, having served as Chair and
a Non-Executive Director, respectively, for
nine years since our IPO in 2014, | would
like to thank them both for steering
Gamma on such a successful path.

Henrietta Marsh has informed the Board
of her intention to retire as the Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director at
the conclusion of the 2024 AGM having
served on the Board since April 2019. She
has been invaluable to the Board over the
last five years, providing thoughtful and
considered guidance and support to drive
growth. Henrietta chairs the Remuneration
Committee and is the Workforce
Engagement Director. In the short time I
have worked with Henrietta, | have found
her to be an outstanding Board member
and | have thoroughly enjoyed working with
her. Her expertise in board and public
company matters, her thoroughness,
tenacity, diligence and commitment are
first rate. She will be a significant loss to
the Gamma Board and | wish her well for
the future.

Overview of results
Dividend per share

+14%

17.1p

Grew from 15.0p to 17.1p

Earnings per share
(fully diluted)

+8%

54,.9p

Grew from 50.6p to 54.9p

Adjusted earnings per share
(fully diluted)

75.1p

+5%

Grew from 71.8p to 75.1p, growth
reduced from 12% in 2022 primarily
due to impact of UK statutory tax rate
change.

Cash generated by
operations

£123.5m +25%

Grew from £99.1m to £123.5m

Gamma Communications pie Annual Report and Accounts 2023 03

is
t
iG
t
€

é
+7
€

Chair's statement continued

In light of Henrietta's departure, the
Nomination Committee reviewed the Board's
roles and the composition of its Committees
and has made several changes, which will
take effect from the close of the 2024 AGM. !
am pleased that Rachel Addison, who has
served on the Gamma Board since October
2022. will assume the role of Senior
Independent Director and Chair of the
Remuneration Committee. Rachel has
extensive experience in working with public
companies, with recent financial and
operational management experience, and as
the Remuneration Committee Chair of Hyve
pic before it was taken private in June 2023.
She has an inquisitive approach andis
challenging management in key areas.

We have also decided to combine the Audit
and Risk Committees, with the joint
Committee being chaired by Charlotta
Ginman. As the oversight of risk and interna!
controls matters becomes more interlinked,
we felt this was the right time for this change.
This joint Committee will comprise solely
independent Non-Executive Directors, being
Charlotta Ginman, Rachel Addison and Xavier
Robert. with Bill Castell and John Murphyno
longer being members of the Risk Committee
and nowattending by invitation. This change
also supports our ongoing aim of closer
alignment with the UK Corporate Governance
Code.

{will assume the role of Workforce
Engagement Director at the close of the
2024 AGM. The Board agreed! was.
well-placed to take on this responsibility
given my recent experience as CEO of
Softcat and | will work to ensure a regular
cadence of meetings with our employees,
reporting feedback regularly to the Board.

As part of the Nomination Committee's
succession planning discussions, we remain
mindful of the Board's diversity, both from
gender and ethnicity perspectives. Today

the Board has a gender balance of 62%
male, 38% female. The Committee
continues to recognise that there are
regrettably no ethnically diverse Directors
on the Board and has the clear intention to
address that at the earliest opportune time.

Board evaluation

Following the external evaluation that was
undertaken in 2022, the Board completed an
internal evaluation at the end of 2023. This
was facilitated through the use of an online
questionnaire which all Directors completed.
Fortunately the output supported my
experience. This is an excellent Board with
very high-calibre individuals, exercising
governance standards not unlike what

lam used to seeing ina FTSE 250 company.
All Board members prioritise Gamma work
and put considerable effort and time into
their roles. The executive and non-executive
teams are working as one team witha very
healthy level of support, encouragement,
challenge and debate, particularly on
strategic matters.

We identified areas for improvement in 2024
including the effectiveness of certain Board
papers, and of the structure and content for
the annual strategy day. These changes will
support the Board's desire to continually
improve and allow us to encourage, challenge
and guide management appropriately.

Employees

We have welcomed employees from
Satisnet, EnableX and Coolwave since |
joined; all three being excellent additions to
our portfolio of solutions. | enjoyed meeting
anumber of our employees at our
Manchester office in October, and found
their insights into the business invaluable. |
look forward to engaging with more of our
colleagues in my role as Workforce
Engagement Director.

We sawa pleasing reduction in employee
attrition to 15.5% by the end of 2023, from
arate of 26.4% at the end of 2022, reflected
in our consistent engagement survey
scores. While inflationary pressure on
wages eased, we remained aware of
pressure on living costs and again offered
employees the opportunity to receive
part of their annual bonus before the end
of the year, to assist with costs in the
festive season.

Following our decision to consolidate the
development of our own products and the
combining of the German and Dutch senior
leadership team, we regrettably announced a
redundancy programme at the end of 2023.
This was necessary to right-size our
operations for future growth and we were able
to offer several employees alternative roles.

At the start of 2023 we launched new
values and communicated these to all our
employees. We continue to believe that the
Gamma culture of being a good place to
work, with development potential for all, is a
differentiator which allows us to recruit the
talented individuals that we need to drive
the business forwards.

The Board and | would like to express our
thanks to all our staff for their dedication,
hard work and enthusiasm.

Dividend

Gamma remains committed to a
progressive dividend policy which has seen
the dividend increase by between 10-15%
every year since our IPO in 2014.Gamma
has paid one third of the dividend as an
interim dividend with the final two thirds

* asa final dividend once the results for the

full year are known. We intend to continue
this policy.

04 Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

The Board is pleased to propose a final
dividend, in respect of the year ended 31
December 2023, of 11.4 pence per share
(2022: 10.0 pence), an increase of 14%.
Subject to shareholder approval at the
forthcoming AGM, this dividend will be
payable on Thursday 20 June 2024 to
shareholders on the register on Friday 31
May 2024. When added to the 5.7 pence
interim dividend (2022: 5.0 pence) this
makes a total dividend of 17.1 pence for the
year (2022: 15.0 pence) an increase of 14%,

Capital allocation policy

The Board is aware of the cash the
Company continues to generate and wants
to deploy this cash in the best way for our
shareholders. Having taken on board the
views of our largest shareholders and
following a review of our capital allocation
framework, we are announcing an intention
to launch a share buyback programme of
£35 million to be executed over the next six
months, until early September. We have
instructed Investec to manage the
programme on our behalf. We will provide
regular updates on the number of shares
purchased and confirm once the
programme has concluded.

Sustainability

We remain committed to providing
transparency and actively engaging with our
stakeholders to ensure alignment with our
environmental objectives. We ensure that
management are incentivised to achieve our
aims through ESG targets as part of their
bonus metrics and regularly monitor
progress. | was impressed to see that each
of the Executive Committee members have
personalised ESG bonus criteria and clear
‘ownership responsibility.

In 2022, we announced a science-based
net-zero target of 2042, supporting both the -
Paris Agreement's aims to limit the
temperature increase to 1.5°C globally and
the UN Sustainable Development Goal 13:
Climate Action. We are pleased to confirm
that the SBTi has verified Gamme's net-zero
science-based target by 2042.

In 2023 we published our first Sustainability
Report, highlighting progress made in all
areas of ESG (environment, social and
governance). We have published our first
report under the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") and
we have reported compliance with ten out
of the eleven recommendations. Further
detail can be found on page 44.

While we are absolutely committed to
adhering to good governance in this area, |
will continue to focus my thoughts on what
we are actually doing to improve the
environment, and fortunately examples are
numerous in Gamma.

| would like to thank all the Gamma team,
our partners, customers, suppliers and
shareholders for your support and
encouragement and for helping to make
Gamma the company it is today. | think there
is plenty more to come.

\ look forward to working with the Board
and management on Gamma’s next stage
of growth.

Martin Hellawell
Chair

24 March 2024

ff 7 yo,

Sindae rnin

Gamma Communications pic Annual Report and Accounts 2023 05

The Gamma business

Supporting business
acceleration

Our differentiators

Our purpose is to:
Empower the people at the heart
of good business.

Our mission is to:
Make communication more human.

Our vision is to:

Create a better connected world in
which we can work smarter for the
benefit of business, people and the
planet. When it comes to business, the
combination of what we do andhow
we do ithas developed a robust model
that generates dependable, high-
quality earnings on a recurring basis.

Our differentiators:

We consider ourselves to be a
genuinely distinct and exceptional
communications service provider,
and the following five aspects
distinguish us from

other companies:

+ Authentic and approachable

* Intuitive technology

+ Our people and ethics

+ Complete product set

+ Embrace simplicity

How we create value

Our product categories
A developer and provider of UCaaS, CCaa&, voice, data and
mobile communication services for businesses of all sizes.

Unified Communications Voice Enablement Connectivity
Gamma provides Unified Gamma enables other Modern day voice services
Communications asa Service applications providers such _require data connectivity to
('UCaaS")to allow businesses as Microsoft Teamstomake operate. Gamma provides a

to bring together multiple and receive telephone calls _ full suite of connectivity
communication typesinone —_using phone numbers connections and services
service and, by deploying in utilising our core voice across fixed and mobile.
the cloud, ensure theycanbe —_ network.

accessed wherever they

are needed.

Where we operate
Gamma supplies communication solutions into the UK, Dutch, Spanish and
German business markets, as well as having employees in eight countries.

Proportion of sales
Gamma Business

64%

Gamma Enterprise

21%

Europe

15%

06 Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Gamma is a leading provider of
technology-based communication

solutions to businesses

Communications are critical to all businesses,
large or small. Gamma's communications
services provide those critical services to

businesses across Europe.

in Western Europe. The wider
communications marketis still
growing strongly and Gamma

is well positioned to benefit from

the key growth areas.

How we sell

We supply a broad range of simplified communications and software services to small,
medium and large-sized business customers, both through our large network of

channel partners and directly.

Gamma Business
Our primary route to market,
the channel is at the heart
of what we do. We provide
market-leading products to
1,000+ channel partners,
with an exceptional

service wrap.

Adjusted EBITDA (£m)

Gamma Enterprise
Our Enterprise business
supports the requirements
of Enterprises and Public
Sector organisations looking
to contract directly with the
network operator.

Europe
Our European businesses
sell both directly and
through the channel
consisting of sales in
Germany, the Netherlands
and Spain.

Adjusted earnings per share (fully diluted) (p)

In the UK, around one third of all business
calls transit the Gamma network, Gamma
supports tens of thousands of small

businesses as well as large Enterprises and

Public Sector organisations.

Who we support

Gamma Communications plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

o7

¢
€
é
é
é
€
‘
t
g

senda

i

The Gamma business continued

Positioned to benefit from a
growing communications market

How we do business is as important
as what we do, and Gamma's ethos
is as important as the capability

we provide.

Our brand promise is to
deliver ‘communications
with a conscience’.

Our consistent growth

Gamma has been serving businesses in the
UK since 2002. More recently, we have
expanded into Europe offering the same
innovative communications tools with our
high levels of customer service.

Our smallest customer may be a business
with one employee and our largest
customer has over 90,000 employees.

Gamma has customers in the UK, Germany,
the Netherlands, Spain, Belgium and Ireland.
Following our acquisition of Coolwave
Communications in January 2024, we are
now able to offer communications services
in around 20 countries.

Gamma delivers its portfolio of solutions
through a mix of routes to market. We
typically serve small and medium-sized
businesses through a network of channel
partners. The customers of our Channel
Partners are our “end users”. In the UK our
channel partners tend to be wholesalers
(i.e. they own the contract with the end user),
while in Europe they tend to be dealers

(e. Gamma contracts directly with the end
user and the partner takes a commission).

Larger organisations tend to be served
directly through an Enterprise sales force
which delivers custom solutions based on
Gamma's core portfolio. It also serves the
UK Public Sector, including some key
Government departments.

Our commercial model is based on multi-
year subscription contracts. This combined
with the market drivers means we have a
strong recurring revenue model with stable
margins and high levels of cash generation.

In the past ten years Gamma has grown its
revenue from £173.2m to £521.7m,a CAGR
of 13%; at the same time Adjusted EBITDA
has grown from £23.1m to £114.3m (a CAGR
of 19%). Over the next five years European
UCaaS seats are expected to nearly double
and Gamma is well placed to exploit that
growth.

Our solutions

Our portfolio of products provides a

range of services to enable companies

of all sizes to establish and maintain

connections and conversations that drive

their businesses. Gamma's core solutions
fall into three categories

* Unified Communications Software;

+ Voice enablement (which allows Unified
Communications Software to make and
receive Calls using phone numbers); and

+ Connectivity ~ broadband, ethernet and
mobile

08 Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Unified Communications
Software - UCaaS

Unified Communications as a Service
("UCaaS") allows businesses to bring
together multiple communication types in
one service and, by deploying in the cloud,
ensure they can be accessed wherever they
areneeded.

At their core are telephony services which
manage how phone calls can be made,
received and managed within an
organisation. This can then be extended
with video, messaging and wide
collaboration capabilities.

Gamma provides UCaa$ services froma
number of providers. We partner with providers
like Microsoft, Cisco, Ericsson-LG and Amazon
to provide their services, where appropriate,
to our partners and customers. We also
offer solutions based on our proprietary IP
tailored to address specific needs, such as
PhoneLine+ and Horizon Contact.

PhoneLine+, developed in house by our
Gamma Labs software team, is a basic
UCaa& solution which is designed for
micro-businesses (fewer than ten users),
replacing traditional landline services using
VoIP technology to deliver voice calls over
the broadband network.

Horizon Contact, our cloud-based customer
engagement platform, allows our UK UCaaS
users to add additional communication
channels, like email and SMS, within one
contact centre application, which solves
more customer problems and allows us to
increase Average Revenue per User
("ARPU") from our customer base. This
approach allows us to blend deep
understanding of local specific needs with
the technological advances made by the
leading technology businesses in the world.

Gamma has a unique position in the European
marketplace ~ with 3,000 channel partners
across Europe and over one million end users
‘on our UCaa8 solutions. Our scale and
breadth mean we occupy a unique position in
the market with deep reach and connection
into each country which global businesses do.
not want to replicate, and connections to
those larger businesses which smaller, local
channel partners cannot replicate.

Voice enablement

We also provide “voice enablement” to
support UCaaS software solutions.
Providers like Microsoft and Cisco produce
high-quality software but in order to be able
to use that software to make and receive
calls using phone numbers, the user needs
the communications infrastructure
capability which Gamma has. Gamma has
the ability to “host” phone numbers for its
end users and its network enables it to route
telephone calls to and from those numbers
- this requires a sophisticated infrastructure
coupled with the ability to comply with local
regulation in every country in which this
solution is provided.

Historically, businesses bought hardware
communications systems which were
physically located in their premises. Gamma
has voice-enabled these for nearly 20 years
using a technology known as “SIP trunking ”,
which uses internet access to carry voice
rather than typical telephone networks. Now
the same expertise can be used to allow, for
example, a user of Microsoft Teams to use
Teams to call telephone numbers. This is a
growth area for our business and we are the
market leader for voice enablement of MS
Teams in the UK and the Netherlands.
Following our acquisition of Coolwave, by
the end of the year we expect to be able to
provide this solution in around 20 countries
{and we intend to grow that number).

There are very few companies which can
provide both the UCaaS software and voice
enablement across multiple countries with
the quality that Gamma is able to provide.

Connectivity

We also provide the connectivity required
for modern day voice services. Unified
Communications is based on IP Telephony
which requires data connectivity to the
internet. This can be achieved using
broadband, ethernet or a mobile device. By
partnering with local experts, Gamma
Provides these solutions to our customers
in every country in which we operate.

In order for any business to fully exploit the
next generation of communication tools,
they need a UCaaS solution, voice
enablement of that solution and
connectivity. Gamma can provide all three
of those elements across Europe.

Our wider portfolio

These three broad product areas constitute
the majority of our portfolio. We include
them and the other parts of our proposition
in “Gamma Elements’, which describes how
everything we do fits together and how we
deliver our full capabilities to market.

Very few other providers are able to provide
all the things we do across Europe and toa
business of any size. Gamma does this ina
way which makes it easy for our partners to
resell and makes it easy for our end users to
get the communication solution that they
need. Our service wrap differentiates us
from our competitors —- we make a complex
solution easy to deploy and use as well as
providing support for our partners and their
customers (our end users).

Gamma does all of this with a suite of
provisioning tools and a level of service
quality which is market leading.

Businesses need Gamma

Excellent communications will always be
important to all businesses whether large or
small, None of Gamma's end users are able
to do what they do without our support.

In the UK, around one third of all business
calls transit the Gamma network. Gamma
supports tens of thousands of small
businesses as well as large enterprises.

We deliver communications with a conscience
which allows every one of our endusers to
optimise the running of their organisation.

In summary

Gamma supports thousands of businesses
across Europe of all shapes and sizes.
Each one of them relies on Gamma for

its communications solution and to

stay connected.

The communications market is forecast
to continue to grow as communication
needs evolve and the technology
landscape changes.

Our portfolio fits the needs of the market
today and continues to evolve to meet
predicted future needs. Our approach to
doing business, “communications with a
conscience’, continues to support our
existing partners and customers as well as
introducing new ones to Gamma.

+ Our portfolio and combination of own
assets and solutions from large
technology companies means that our
partners and customers will continue to
have access to the most relevant and
innovative technology.

» Gamma has more than 3,000 partners

across four of the largest economies in

Europe - we have unrivalled reach into the

market.

We have the ability to provide voice

enablement solutions in a number of

countries - very few companies have the
ability to do this and to provide the UCaaS-
solutions,

Gamma can also provide the full suite of

connectivity offerings ~ supplying

everything that any business needs for a

full communications solution.

We pride ourselves on very high standards

of customer service which remains a

crucial part of Gamma's offering to the

business market. In 2023 Gamma scored

4,9 in its Value Enhancement Score

survey, which is above industry

benchmarks for both High-Tech (4.4) and

Telecoms (3.9).

Gamma's unique combination of solutions,
routes to market, and how we do business,
mean that we are the best placed business-
to-business communications provider to be
able to capitalise on a European market
which is forecast to double its UCaaS seats
over the next five years.

Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 og

{
é
t
t

¢
+7
¢

Growth drivers

The future of business
communications

DRIVER 1

Creating human experiences

Trend

As consumers and as employees, each of us
as individuals are driving the requirements.
for communications providers. We are all
used to the smartphone-ere ease of use,
completeness and ubiquity of high-quality
technology interactions and we are bringing
those expectations and standards into all
aspects of our lives.

As consumers, we want more ways

to talk to the businesses that we want
to transact with, when we want to talk
to them, and we want them to maintain
arecord of our interaction so we do not
have to repeat ourselves and we feel
like a valued customer.

As employees we have the same
expectations and expect to be able

to work without any penalty regardless
of where we are. Asa result we are
demanding more and more from the
collaboration and communication tools
our employers are deploying.

Businesses of all sizes are having to react
to this and are looking for solutions to
provide these experiences to their
customers and employees. Gammais well
positioned in these markets with a range
of solutions that address the need to make
people's experience fee! more human.

Artificial Intelligence ("Al") plays an
increasingly important role in this space
as businesses look for solutions which
allow them to deliver great experiences
to customers as efficiently as possible.
Machine intelligence and Generative Al
techniques allow consumers to interact
with virtual agents to handle simple tasks,
or Al can support human agents in
responding more quickly and effectively
to any questions or queries, among
other uses.

The overall communications and
information and communications
technology market (across our
geographies) is expected to grow
to €44.8bn by 2028.

How we capitalise
Gamma's contact centre tools (also
referred to as CCaaS) support multiple
communication channels (voice, SMS,
email, WhatsApp etc) and allow
businesses of all sizes to deliver an
improved experience to their customers,
irrespective of their size.

This includes the very smallest business,
not just businesses which recognise
themselves as a “contact centre”,

Because these solutions are core to the
relationship between a business and its
customers there is an appreciation of the
value that the service delivers and an
increased willingness to pay for the
solution.

10 Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023