. ee . ‘
eee Gamma

Working smarter,
together.

Gamma Communications ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Empowering

Cammmunioation se Services CUCasS |
Communication as @ Servis (UCasS)) into
the UK and European bu i maritete

icontents}

Strategicireport: COVEMENES reper Financial statements)
Gremsegpmgms an

Serge Ce)

Board. of Directors)

Executive, commute)

IESG, CamminIR

Directorsirepony

gammacommunicationspics

com/AR2022]

(CEO'S OVERVIEW,
with Bill Castell

The Group had a strong
trading performance with good
growth across all key product
categories during the year.

g
8
é
cs
3
3
3
8

®
g
2
&
3
a
8
3
. wpe. S
Financial highlights g
8
Revenue
2021 447.7m
F484. 6m-s% 3
Growth from £447.7m to £484.6m 2020 393.8m Fy
(these figures include acquisitions made) 2
$
8
2021 95.4m
FT 05.1 M +10%
2020 79.0m
Growth from €95.4m to £105.1m —
Hf
2
®
Profit from operations 3
F 6 5 F
2021 68.3m 3
. 4 ) -4% g
Decrease from £68.3m to £65.4mas a result of 2020 78.7 a
exceptional items in the year (see note 8) °

Dividend per share

1 5.0p 14% ™

2020 147p
Grew from 13.2p to 15.0p -

* All adjusted measures set out throughout this document which are described as “adjusted” represent Alternative Performance Measures
{APMs"] and are defined and reconciled in the Financial review section and are applied consistently. Where reference is made to adjusted
EPS thisis stated on a fully diluted basis ("F's"). Our policy on the use of APMsis includedin note 3.

Gamma Communications plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1

Chair's statement

64 | am particularly pleased to
be able to report another good
year of growth for Gamma.

Richard Last
Chair

Dividend per share

15.09

Grew from 13.2p to 15.0p

+14%

Earnings per share (FD)

50.60

Decrease from 55.2p to 50.6p

-8%

Adjusted earnings per share (FD)

71.80

+12%

Grew from 64.0p to 71.8p

Cash generated by operations

£99.1M «10%

Grew from £89.8m to £99.1m

Having joined the Board as Chair
prior to its IPO in 2014, Ihave seen
nearly a decade of uninterrupted
growth in adjusted profit before tax
and dividends at Gamma. It is
hugely inspiring to have seen the
business build from 511 employees
to 1,760, expand internationally and
provide excellent customer service
to so many businesses especially
during the pandemic.

lam approaching nine years’ service.
Therefore the Board has engaged 4
search agency to look for a successor.
This process is being led by Henrietta
Marsh as Senior Independent Director.
Itis intended that | will step down, as
Chair and Director. from the Board at
the later of the conclusion of the
AGM, to be held on 17 May 2023. and
the date on which my successor’s
appointment commences. | shall be
leaving a healthy and vibrant business
with exceptional opportunities for
further growth.

Overview of results

Revenue for the year ended 31 December
2022 increased by £36.9m to £484.6m
(2021: £447.7m), an increase of 8% on the
prior year, and adjusted EBITDA increased
by £9.7m (10%) to £105.im (2021: £95.4m).
Statutory Profit Before Tax for the year was
£64.9m, a decrease of 3% from the prior
year figure of €67.2m, due primarily to the
‘exceptional items in 2022 (2021: nill relating
to an impairment of the goodwill of our
Spanish cash generating unit and the
disposal of a small subsidiary in Spain,
further details of which can be found in note
8. Adjusted items are explained and
reconciled in the Financial review and note
3. Adjusted earnings per share (Fully Diluted)
for the year increased by 12% to 71.8

(2021: 64.0p). Fully diluted earnings per
share for the year decreased by 4.6p to
50.6p (2021: 55.2p)

Gamma operations continued to generate
strong levels of cash amounting to £99.1m
compared to £89.8m in 2021. The closing
net cash balance for the year was £92.5m
(2021; £49.5m), after investing €20.7m on
capital expenditure (including capitalisation
of development costs), £9.8m on

F acquisitions and paying £13.3m in

dividends to shareholders. This is
testament to the continuing strong focus
on cash generation from management.

Board and governance
There have been a number of Executive and

} Non-Executive changes tu the composition

of the Board in 2022, as summarised below:

Non-Executive Directors
As part of our planned succession changes,
Wu Long Peng stepped down as a Director
at the 2022 AGM and Martin Lea has
announces that he will retire as a Director at
the 2023 AGM. | would like to thank both
Long Peng and Martin for their significant
support, both during our successful IPO in
2014 andin the years that followed. In
recent years we have seen a significant
increase in the workload of Non-Executive
Directors, Long Peng as a member of the
Audit Committee, and Martin, as our Senior
Independent Director (SID) until December
2022, and the Chair of the Risk and ESG
Committees have served the Company and
its shareholders well. Their extensive
experience, wise counsel and dedication to
the Company over the last nine years has
been exceptional and much appreciated

Iwas delighted to welcome Shaun Gregory
and Rachel Addison to the Board as
Independent Non-Executive Directors

on 1 July 2022 and 3 October 2022
respectively. Shaun has had an extensive
career across media and advertising

| spanning over 30 years andis currently

the Chief Executive Officer of EMG Group.
Itis intended that Shaun will become Chair

of the ESG Committee. Rachelis a chartered

Gamma Communications plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

accountant, bringing nearly 30 years of
finance and operational management
experience and has most recently been

CFO of Future ple. She is currently a
Non-Executive Director at Marlowe plc,

Hyve Group ple, Mango Publishing Group and
Watkin Jones plc. It is intended that Rachel
will take over as Chair of the Risk Committee
from Martin Lea on his retirement.

On 20 December 2022 Henrietta Marsh
took over the role of Senior Independent
Director from Martin Lea. Henrietta has
been a Non-Executive Director of Gamma
since April 2019 ands the Chair of the
Remuneration Committee. In her role as
Senior Independent Director, Henrietta is
leading the search for my replacement as
Board Chair.

Executive Directors
Having been promoted from Chief Financial
Officer to Deputy Chief Executive Officer on
3 May 2022, as part of a structured plan to
strengthen and broaden the scope and
capacity of Gamma’s management team,
Andrew Belshaw was appointed as Interim
Chief Executive Officer on 4 July 2022 after
‘Andrew Taylor notified the Board of his,
intention to retire. | would like to take the
opportunity to thank Andrew Taylor formally
for his leadership over the past four years.
He has played a key role in shaping Gamma's
strategy and he leaves the business in an
excellent position to further develop and
grow. After a formal process to identify a
successor. | was pleased to confirm the
appointment of Andrew Belshaw as Chief
Executive Officer on 30 November 2022.

Bill Castell joined the Company and the

having previously been Chief Financial Officer
at Ovo Energy and acting CFO at Virgin Media
Bill has already made a valuable contribution
to Gamma and is now well established as a
key member of the senior team.

Company Secretary
On 25 January 2023 we appointed Rachael

cover from Malcolm Goddard in preparation for

} his retirement in March this year. Malcolm has

acted as Commercial Director and Company |
| Secretary since 2005 and as Company H
} Secretary of Gamma Communications ple

since 2014. | offer my best wishes to Rachael
and would like to thank Malcolm for his
support to me and the rest of the Board
since Gamma's IPO in 2014.

: Board Evaluation

We completed our first externally facilitated
Board evaluation in 2022, the process for
and results of which can be found in the
Nomination Committee report. | will work
with the Board and Company Secretary to
agree which of those recommendations we
will prioritise for implementation in 2023

: We continue to adhere to the QCA

Corporate Governance Code (2018 edition)
(the ‘QCA Code’).

Employees

: During the year | was pleased to welcome

the staff of NeoTel into the Gamma Group.

In 2022 we have seen higher levels of staff
turnover and recruitment became harder
than previous years; |am pleased to report
that these pressures started to ease at
the beginning of 2023. Like many other

| businesses we have seen inflationary

pressure in wages. However, we continue
to see the Gamma culture as a differentiator
which allows us to recruit the talented
individuals that we need to drive the

business forwards.

The Board and | would like to express our
thanks to all our staff for their dedication,

| hard work and enthusiasm.
Board as Chief Financial Officer on 1 May 2022

Dividend

Gamma remains committed toa progressive :
| dividend policy which has seen the dividend
| increase by between 10-15% every year
| since our !PO in 2014. Gamma has paid one
| third of the dividend as an interim dividend

with the final two thirds as a final dividend

© once the results for the full year are known,
Matzopoulos as Company Secretary, taking | ys

We intend to continue this policy.

CHAIR'S OVERVIEW
Scan to watch a video
on Partnerships and

new Board appointments
with Richard Last.

| The Board is pleased to propose a final

dividend, in respect of the year ended

| 31 December 2022, of 10.0 pence per share

(2021: 8.8 pence). an increase of 14%. Subject

to shareholder approval at the forthcoming

} AGM, this dividend will be payable on
Thursday 22 June 2023 to shareholders on

| the register on Friday 2 June 2023. When

added to the 5.0 pence interim dividend

(2021: 4.4 pence) this makes a total dividend

of 15.0 pence for the year (2021: 13.2 pence)

an increase of 14%.

Environmental

Gamma remains committed to developing
from a Carbon Neutral business to a Carbon
Net-Zero business by 2042, and we expect
to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions (made
directly and indirectly) by 90% by 2030.

In 2022 we committed to set near and
long-term Company-wide emission
reductions in line with the Science-Based

{ Target initiative (SBTi). This work is in

} Progress and we will seek validation of our
| target within the 24-month SBTi timeframe.

Current Trading and Outlook
Gamma continues to deliver against its
short and long-term growth strategy.

| Gammais investing in developing a product
| and solution set which facilitates working
for businesses of all sizes, building on an
already strong reputation for operational
excellence and service quality. We are in

a strong financial position, enabling it to
Continue to invest in extending our product
portfolio across its European footprint.

! The Boardis positive about the outlook for
| the Group in 2023 and beyond, We believe
| that more and more businesses of all sizes
are seeing the advantages of Unified
Communication as a Service ("UCaaS")
and we expect to see continuing growth.

Richard Last

ERE

Gamma Communications pic Annual Report and Accounts 2022

yoda: a9ueWaN09

yoda: jeoueul

vonewoui Axequawajddng

-# yrodas o1Bajeng

The Gamma business

Supporting business
acceleration

Our differentiators

Gammais a business-to-
business communications
provider that empowers
business for good for teams
s Europe.
Our comprehensive product
set and range of routes to
market support a robust
business model which
underpins a strong. recurring
financial model
We consider ourselves to
bea genuinely distinct and
exceptional communications
service provider, and the
following five aspects
distinguish us from
other compani

We are authentic
and approachable

We have intuitive
technology

Our people and ethics
are at the heart of
everything that we do

We offer a complete
product set

We embrace simplicity

Opportunities

Gamma has some significant
opportunities. Advancements in
technology and an increasing
demand for fast and reliable
connectivity create a favourable
environment for growthand
innovation. Some of these
opportunities that we create are

* NewUCaaS products

* New channel development
* Nev utes to market

+ Technology acquisitions

How we create value

We are focused on providing the solution to the communication needs
of our customers and we are committed to doing business the right way.

Our Purpose is to:
Empower the people at the heart
of good business,

Our Mission is t
Make communication more human.

Our jonis to:

Create a better connected world in which
we can work smarter for the benefit of
business. people and the planet.

When it comes to business, the combination
of what we do and how we do it has developed
a robust model that generates dependable,
high-quality earnings ona recurring basis.

Strong Business Model - with high visibility
and quality of earnings through 2023
and beyond.

Where we create value

Gamma supplies communication solutions
into the UK, Dutch, Spanish and German
business markets, as welll as having
employees in seven countries,

@ Markets we sell in

- ~— @Country support
functions

Our product categories

A developer and provider of UCaaS, CCaa&, voice, data and
mobile communication services for businesses of all sizes.

products enables businesses to raise productivity, boost agility and increase

> Unified Communications: Our award-winning range of Unified Communications

collaboration. From messaging and video calling to instant conference services,
A= wehelp reduce costs and operational complexity while increasing employee
engagement. We also offer Contact Centre solutions for SMEs and Enterprise.

Mobile: Our business-only mot

SIP trunking and call management: With the UK's leading SIP trunking
service we give businesses a more versatile, resilient phone service at less
cost. Gamma SIP trunks come with powerful business continuity features plus
exceptional inbound call management functionality.

le service features flexible tariffs and
powerful boit-ons. When combined with Gamma's Unified Communications

services, employees can keep working wherever they are, remaining ‘always-on’

to customers.

speeds combined with robust security and resilience measures; from broadband

T Connectivity: Our high-performance connectivity products deliver outstanding

J, and Ethernet to advanced WAN services, we provide businesses with the
‘customisable connectivity they need to grow.

Gamma Communications plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

DISCOVER OUR UNDERSTAND
MARKETTRENDS& MORE ABOUT OUR
DIVISIONALREVIEW SECTION 172

p12 p.32
Gamma is a leading provider of technology-based in-house development capabilities, Gamma has built a
communication services to businesses in Western comprehensive portfolio of communication services that
Europe. We have established a wide network of reliable incorporate a significant amount of intellectual property.
channel partners, and we also serve the market through Our history of disrupting the market through innovative
our direct sales team. By investing in our network, products like SIP trunking, combined with our new IP,
adopting a digital-first approach, and leveraging our enables us to address emerging markets effectively.

Outputs

How we sell

We supply a broad range of simplified communications and software services to small
medium and large sized business customers, both through our large network of channel
partners and directly.

Proportion of sales:

61% 24% 15%

UK Indirect UK Direct European

Our primary route to Our Direct business Our European businesses
market, the channel is at supports the requirements _sell both directly and

the heart of what we do. of Enterprises and Public through the channel

We provide market- Sector organisations consisting of sales in the
leading products to looking to contract directly Netherlands, Spain and
1,000+ channel partners, with the network operator. Germany,

with an exceptional

service wrap.

What we enable

Gamma is the only 828 communications provider that empowers business for good for teams
across Europe that want simple, intuitive experiences in an era of increasing complexity.

Scalability: Our technology provides scalability to customers, allowing them
to easily expand their business operations as they grow. This could mean a
scale-up during busy seasonal periods also. This is crucial for customers who
want to accommodate increasing demand without disrupting their existing
operations or infrastructure.

Innovation: Our customers have access to innovative tools and solutions that
help them stay ahead of the competition, By embracing innovation, businesses
can remain relevant and appeal to a wider audience, leading to growth and
increased revenue.

Integration: We enable seamless integration with other systems and
applications, making it easier for customers to streamline their operations.

This could mean keeping existing technology that employees are used to.

and adding advanced capability.

Efficiency: We provide customers with tools and processes that increase

their efficiency and productivity, allowing them to achieve more with less time and
resources. This is essential for businesses that want to optimise their operations
and reduce costs, while still meeting customer demand and expectations.

Ad¢ressing multiple indirect,
direct and digital channels,
Griving growth opportunities
across all business market
segments.

Shareholders
15.0p

Dividend per share

Our people

1,760

employees in seven
countries

Customers

Innovative
UCaaS
solutions

Suppliers
£298m

Spent over £298m per annum

Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

g
3
3
a
a
3
3
8

yodas aoueUsan0g,

yoda: jeoueuly

uonewsoyui Areuawalddng

Growth Drivers

The future of business
Communications

The evolution of communications — @ Cloud Communications

@ European market

presents many opportunities for = remains a growing market in UK under-penetrated

Gamma and we have the strength | and weare well placed to provide our products | which presents us with an opportunity to grow
and services to newand existing customers. European revenues as the market evolves.

to be able to take on each of ;

a | Opportunity Opportunity

these opportunities. Over 60% of businesses in the UK stillhavea | The individual markets in Europe are at

The communications market continues tobe _ Physical. or on-premise, telephony systems, _: ifferent stages of maturity and adoption but

drivenbyasetof trendswhicharesustained _ ‘2therthana cloud-based software solution. | are less mature than the UK market.
Over the course of the next four or five years. Each marketis evolving along its own path,

and expected to continue as they mirror the number who have migrated to a cloud

changes in the wider technologymarket_—_*_ solution, is expected to more than double technology in each country and the relative

andin the behaviour of all consumers and from Q2 2022 40% UCaaS penetration to. behaviour of businesses and consumers

businesses. The trends are broadly the 88% by 2026. | within the market

same across all Western European markets. | This change is being driven, in part, by the The differing paths of evolution for the markets

withdrawal of the analogue telephone network and the diversity this creates allows some

: (Public switched telephone network or PSTN). ; protection from any specific fluctuations in any

which requires all users of alegacy service to | particular market.

Ie heir canne inc vices. -

upgrade their connectivity and voice services. | The business and communication need which
The UK market for our products will continue | Gamma addresses in each market are broadly
10 expand and we are well positioned to similar, which allows an efficiency in how we
capture this significant opportunity. approach these opportunities.

How we capitalise | The projected growth rates are lower than
We have an existing strong and complete | previously forecast but the overall market size
richer communication experiences. product set and a range of wrap-around | remains significant even if it will take longer to
Consumers are demanding more flexibility _ S®"vices to address this market. We continue _ achieve sizeable revenues. Germany is the

to develop and acquire new capabilities to largest single European market and yet by 2026

and 2 more complete interaction with all i these ser ind make our it will still be | trated than UK is todas
| complement these services and make itwill still be less penetrat is /
businesses they deal with. The demand for | portfolio and offering more attractive

| depending onits current position, the state of

Adoption of cloud-based technologies.
and replacement of legacy technologies.
continues in all markets. As we become
ever more connected, the need for tools
and technologies which support this
continues to increase.

Consumer and employee demands
continue to drive an increasing need for

more flexible and capable tools to support | bouvaro ene Growth in Europe will continue for more than
a mix of different working patterns for all ese co ‘10 years.
employees also continues to increase. | How we capitalise

751 {000 +11% { Gammais building and developing a set of
We have outlined the changing market | common products to address customer needs
characteristics which we expect tohelp _; Horizon (Cloud P8X) users £ ona pan-European basis; leveraging our
continue to drive our growth over the : | growing in-house development capability

} and historical expertise in offering telecoms
services. This blends the best of our historical
strength supplemented by the new capabilities
that we have brought into the business

| through our acquisitions.

We have already begun to assemble cross-

| border teams who are working together to

successfully launch products developed in the

UK overseas (for example Microsoft Operator

Connect in the Netherlands and CircleLoop in

he Netherlands and Germany).

We continue to evaluate opportunities to grow

by acquisition either into new geographies or

10 augment the sales channels and scale what

we have in the countries in which we already

operate. Gamma’s acquisition of NeoTel. in

Spain, during 2022 will heip increase density

in country.

164,000 +28%

} Cloud PBX users

coming years.

6 Gamma Communications pic Annual Report and Accounts 2022

@ Adesire for increased
functionality from our customer
present us with an opportunity to both upsell
and improve ARPU over our cloud telephony
customer base.

Opportunity

Our behaviours as consumers andas employees
are changing the demands that we are placing
‘on the companies we do business with and the
companies we work for. Communication needs
are evolving and driving a need for a broader
range of services across all businesses.

Whilst the telephone is still the most important

form. we use many more forms of communication;

than ever to communicate with businesses we
interact with. Inincreasingly competitive
times, all businesses are having to embrace
more communication forms to ensure they are
“open for business’ to their customers.
Gamma provides these multi-channel services
to SMEs through our own applications and
combines more complex contact centre solutions
into our customer solutions for larger companies.
The pandemic and the move to working from
anywhere has left lasting changes on our
expectations as employees. We demand more
tools that allow us to work effectively wherever
we and our colleagues are. That may be by
video conferencing, messaging or file sharing.

How we capitalise
Since 2006, Gamma has sold a core Cloud
PBX solution called Horizon - a product which
now has 751,000 users in the UK. Over the
course of the last three years our in-house
team has developed a number of additional

modules that are fully integrated with that core

Cloud PBX; these are call recording, Horizon
Collaborate, Microsoft Teams Integration and
Multi-Channel Communications (contact
centre functionality)

Each of the above modules were built by our
in-house development team: eachis sold on
a "per month/per seat” basis and provides us
with a recurring revenue stream. When we sell
these additional modules alongside the core
Horizon product. it increases the ARPU of a
Horizon seat.

73,000 +16%
96,000 +44%

Call recording users

: services, like an on-premise PBX. to internet-

| the SIP market, where the increasing adoption

| How we capitalise

| underlying technology (ISDN).
| As the market evolves we see customers.

| @ share of that business. As we have not been
a provider of ISON historically this migration

! Microsoft Teams (Direct Routing or Operator

! Gamma continues to have a revenue opportunity

1,794,000 +20%

{| SIP trunks

@ Technology changes
are a growth opportunity

| eg. evolution of SIP is an opportunity to

increase ARPU as customers move to higher

| value solutions.
: Opportunity

The telecommunications market is evolving
the core technologies that support and
underpin it. tis mirroring the changes in the
wider technology market and moving away
from physical infrastructure and analogue

based applications.

This is accelerated by specific drivers like the
removal of the analogue telephone network in
the UK and the continued evolution and roll out !
of services like 5G in the mobile market.

This is driving the need for evolution in all
businesses as they react to both the economic
and performance benefits that these services
bring. This is also allowing them to assess how
to better meet the needs of their business.

Aspecific example of this is the evolution of
of cloud-based services is changing the

nature of the service a business needs and is
driving adoption of new types of services.

Gammais a market leader in the provision of

| SIP services in the UK and Germany. SIPis a

product which itselfis replacing analternative |

converting from ISDN to SIP or to cloud
services. This will drive growth in both those
“destinations” and Gamma will continue to win

generates new revenue for Gamma. The SIP
market has evolved and we now sell different
variants of SIP.

If customers move directly toa cloud service
they will consider Gamma’s own Horizon
Cloud PBX product or a service based around

Connect). All of these havea higher ARPU than |
the originating product.

Even if a customer chooses to migrate to a
competing cloud service, Gamma provides
underlying interconnects to a number of our
application competitors and so we will still
retain some benefit.

Collectively, this range of offers means that

‘on whatever route businesses take on their
forced migration from ISDN.

UNDERSTAND
OUR STRATEGY

1 p.16

LEARN ABOUT
OUR KPIs

@ Microsoft Teams adoption

is growing in Enterprise

-as more organisations ‘voice enable”

their solution, we have the opportunity to
gain revenue.

Opportunity

Microsoft Teams is a software tool which
facilitates collaborative working. It allows
users to contact others in their own network
and to schedule video calls, share messages

| and presence. Without support from a carrier
| such as Gamma it does not allow users to
{ make and receive external calls from the PSTN

and nor does it have normal PBX functionality
{for example. voicemail, hunt groups, call
forwarding etc). The growth in the number of
users of Microsoft Teams provides Gamma
with a number of opportunities to grow revenue.
Microsoft Teams is most prevalent at the
higher end of the SME space and in large
enterprises and public sector bodies.

Carriers like Gamme are working with
Microsoft to provide voice enablement
services within Teams to allow customers that
want to work within Teams to make and receive

E telephone calls. There are a number of ways it

is possible to provide this, including Direct
Routing and Operator Connect

| Howwe capitalise

Voice enablement of Microsoft Teams is
provided by variants of SIP products. Gamma
is a market leader in the SIP market and has
been able to develop the full range of services
to enable Teams users to make and receive

| telephone calls. Gamma are a Microsoft

Solutions Partner for Modern Work and
Specialist in calling for Microsoft Teams.

| We provide both Direct Routing and Operator

Connect services. We are an Operator
Connect provider in the UK and the Netherlands.
Notably. in the UK we are one of only two
providers that can sell Operator Connect for
Microsoft Teams through the indirect channel
Through our acquisition of Exactive we are
able to perform complex integrations of
Microsoft Teams with other platforms.

| Where customers want Microsoft Teams with
| a fully integrated PBX capability we are also

able to integrate our Horizon Cloud PBX
product with Teams.

356,000

SIP trunks support Microsoft Teams

Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

p.20 {

g
3
3
2
oe
3
3
8

yoda: aoueweno9

yoda, jeoueuly

uonewoui Aseuawelddng

Chief Executive Officer's statement

664 2022 was strong and Gamma
is ina good position to maximise
the opportunities which exist in

the markets in which we operate.

Andrew Belshaw
CEO

Revenue

£484.6M+8%

Grew from £447.7m to £484.6m

Gross profit

£247.7M +8%

Grew from £228.5m to £247.7m

This is my first full year report since
| was appointed as Gamma's CEO.

|would like to start by thanking Andrew :

Taylor for the platform he has
established and also extending my
thanks to Richard Last and Martin
Lea for their support as Chair and SID
respectively since our listing in 2014.

As the Chair has already explained, our
results for 2022 were strong and Gamma is
ina good position to capitalise on the
opportunities which exist in the markets
where we operate. Bill Castell will explain the
drivers for the growth we have seen in 2022
in the Financial review.

Markets

In our half year results, we signposted the
continued growth in markets for UCaaS
products and services in the UK and
particularly in Europe as being a strong
Griver for future growth.

UK Market Growth
The majority of businesses in the UK still
have a physical hardware PBX rather than

a cloud-based software PBX solution. Cloud
based solutions offer many advantages to
businesses and we expect that the UK
market for our products will continue to
expand as physical PBX estates are
replaced by Cloud-based software PBX

solutions. We are well positioned to capture :
+ long-term future growth

this significant opportunity both through
sales of our own Cloud PBX product and
sales of SIP trunks which will support third
party Cloud PBXs. During the year we added
75,000 Cloud PBX seats in the UK on our
Horizon product.

This increase in seats is consistent with our
growth in previous years which is pleasing
given the economic uncertainty which
prevailed in the second half of 2022. As we
enter 2023, the rate of new seat acquisition
remains steady.

Seats are typically sold on 2 multi-year
contract bringing in recurring monthly
revenues. This makes our business model

} robust and provides a good level of

certainty over our income.

As the PSTN switch off, scheduled for 2025,
approaches there is a tail of businesses that
will have to migrate their ISDN lines. We are
well placed to increase our share of this
voice business. The PSTN switch off will
also accelerate the migration of data
services to products (such as ADSL) to.
newer products which are not centred on
the existence of the PSTN (such as SOGEA)
This will continue to provide an opportunity
for volume growth but with lower margin
business internet products

European Market growth

Through our targeted European acquisition
strategy, we have developed a network
capability and channel relationships in Spain,
the Netherlands and Germany. Between
them, these countries have more than twice
as many UCaaS business users as the UK.
Moreover, the average penetration rate
across those three countries is much lower
than the UK, which means there is scope for

Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Inthe short term, the European business
has shown moderate growth with mixed
financial performance across our European
footprint not helped by the macroeconomic
uncertainty which was a feature of the
second half of 2022. The rate of Cloud PBX
adoption in our European markets has been
slower than had been forecast but we are
pleased to report that we continue to grow
our UCaaS product penetration in line with
those markets. Our European Cloud PBX
seats grew by 28% over the last year as we
added 36,000 seats in mainland Europe. In
Germany we had our first two customers.
taking over 1,000 seats each. We sold a
7,400 seat install via our partner Bisping
and Bisping {a German ISP) and a further
1,700 seats to Diakonie HochFranken
(retirement homes).

We continue to evaluate opportunities

to grow by acquisition either into new
geographies or to augment our existing
sales channels and increase scale in
countries where we already operate. In
October 2022 we completed the acquisition
of NeoTel, a Spanish UCzaS/CCaaS
business. This acquisition gives us greater
scale in Spain and opens up the market

in the south of the country; itis already
improving the sales performance of

the Spanish business.

Strategy

In early 2022, we begana five-year strategic
review mapping the competitive and market
landscape out to the end of 2026. This was
undertaken in the context of the COVID
pandemic and the resulting changes in

the market.

Asa result of this review we have identified

: four strategic priorities. We will:
* Develop a common pan-European product

set for UCaaS and CCaa$ for SMEs.

* Develop multiple routes to market in each
country in which we operate.

+ Become a trusted partner to Enterprises
across Europe. transforming their
communications estates.

+ Create an organisation that engages all
‘our people with a common set of values
and goals.

This is an evolution of our previous strategy.
rather than a change in direction, and we

| expectit to take us to being a leading

provider of UCaaS in Western Europe.

We will develop @ common pan-European
product set for UCaaS and CCaaS for SMEs.

| Due to our European acavisition history, we
| are as of today — running multiple product

platforms in different countries. This has
been unavoidable as we have acquired to
expand our market presence. However. itis,
inefficient in the longer term.

While we have a product set which satisfies
the needs of customers in each market in
which we operate today, we expect the
customers’ requirements to become more
sophisticated. To address this, we will target

our technology development capabilities and =
| resources ona focused set of products which =

willincorporate our own software and third
-party software in combinations which will
meet customer needs in the future.

Over time, we will evolve to a common
product set and will ultimately retire a
number of our existing products. This will
mean that we have a single product set to.
develop and support clients across all the
territories in which we operate.

CEO's OVERVIEW
Scan to watch a video
summarising our
performance and growth
over 2022 with Andrew
Belshaw.

In the UK we have used our development
expertise to produce additional software
based products which have enabled us
fo stabilise ARPUs (which had started to
decline). Since 2006, Gamma has sold a
Cloud PBX solution in the UK - a product

! which now has 751,000 seats (31 December
2021: 676,00). Over the course of the last

three years our in-house team has
developed a number of additional modules
that are fully integrated with that core Cloud

: PBX solution. These are:
5 + Callrecording - launched in 2018 using

‘our own technology ~ 96,000 seats

* Horizon Collaborate - was originally
launched in 2020 but has now been
re-architected using software we have
built ourselves - 73,000 seats. Collaborate
enables video calling and is especially
designed for the needs of small
businesses. It is not designed to challenge
Microsoft Teams, whichis typically adopted
by larger SMEs through to Enterprise.

* Microsoft Teams integration - some larger
companies prefer to use Microsoft Teams
as a Collaboration product (as opposed to
Horizon Collaborate) and hence we launched
an option to integrate our Cloud PBX
(Horizon) with Microsoft Teams (for an
additional charge) in July 2021 - 7,000 seats.

| * Multi-Channel Communications (Contact

Centre functionality) - was launched in
April 2021 (using technology obtained
through our Telsis acauisition) - over
11,000 seats.

Each of the above modules were built by

} Gamma's development team; each is sold

ona “per month/per seat” basis and

| provides us witha recurring revenue stream.

Gamma Communications ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

@
‘3
&

=
3
3

3
8

oda! aoueUsEn0D

yoda jeroueuly

vonewojui Asequawaiddng

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

These are not standalone products; they
augment our core Horizon Cloud PBX
product. When a customer chooses to take
these additional modules alongside the
core Horizon product. it increases the ARPU
of a Horizon seat. | am pleased to report that
the percentage growth of the additional
modules is higher than the growth of the
core product and, as a result. this is helping
to maintain our ARPU.

At the moment, the European market is less
mature than the UK which means that not all
of the above features are required by our
customers. In the future we plan to launch
the entire suite of products across our
European footprint. We have already
launched our Contact Centre capability

in Spain for example.

Aside from Cloud PBX, our cross-border
teams have worked together to successfully
build, deploy and launch Operator Connect,
the Microsoft Teams voice enablement
product, in the Netherlands. This has been
well received and has brought new channel
partners to us, We will launch Operator
Connect in Germany, Spain and Belgium

in 2023.

We will develop multiple routes to market
in each country in which we operate.

In the UK we have focused on the indirect
route to market through our valued channel
partners for SME customers and have sold
to Enterprise and Public Sector customers
directly. In Europe there are a variety of
sales models including wholesale, resale,
dealer and direct.

We plan to develop our products and
solutions such that we can reach end
users through whichever route to market
is most appropriate.

We see the digital channel as important
and we have recently launched CircleLoop
{our digital proposition) into Germany and
the Netherlands.

| Inaddition, we continue to invest in the

Gamma Hub (a user portal) whichis used

| by our Enterprise customers in the UK

to interact with us. The portal allows our
customers to place orders which both gives
thema better experience and reduces our

| overhead due to the high level of automation.

We continue to invest in this to consistently
give our customers excellent service.

! We will become a trusted partner to
| Enterprises across Europe, transforming

their communications estates.

Our Enterprise business has been a
consistent driver of our UK business
performance and we expect it to drive
growth across both the UK and Europe
in the future.

The Enterprise business sells the full
range of Gamma products (sometimes
augmented by third party products which
provide a niche solution) and these are
often sold as part of a managed service.
Increasingly we provide additional

§ capability to customers who wish to voice
} enable their Microsoft Teams installation or

install Amazon Connect as a contact centre
solution. The capabilities which we have
developed while supporting these “digital
giants” are transferable outside of the UK.

The growth in deployment of Microsoft
Teams provides Gamma with a number
of opportunities to further grow
recurring revenue.

| Currently we believe that fewer than 5%

of Microsoft Teams users have “voice
enabled” their installations but that

| percentage is expected to increase. and

‘Teams voice usage is predicted to rise by
more than 3.Smusers in the UK by 2026.

| Gamma can provide a range of services to

support and benefit from this opportunity to
sell a number of complementary services:

} * Weare able to provide a SIP service to

‘Teams users to enable them to make and
receive calls to and from the PSTN. We
call this service Microsoft Teams Direct
Routing or “Operator Connect” when itis
sold through Microsoft's accredited
portal. Today we offer this in the UK and
the Netherlands and we will shortly also
make it available in Germany, Spain and
Belgium. Where we have launched the
service in the Netherlands, we have built
relationships with new channel partners
which has opened up parts of the market
which we had not previously served.

: + If customers want Teams with a fully
integrated PBX capability we are able to
integrate our Horizon Cloud PBX product.

+ Through our acquisition of Exactive we
can perform complex integrations of
Teams with other platforms. In order to
do this customers buy our Cloud UCX
product which generates more value for
us thana basic SIP trunk. This capability
has enabled us to win a number of
contracts for complex Microsoft Teams
installations in central government.

| The increasing usage of Microsoft Teams
| is now the main driver of our SIP growth.

Our SIP base which supports hardware

PBX grew slightly in the year in the UK

{31 December 2022 - 1,053,000 versus

1,010,000 in the prior year). In addition, we

| have seen growth from SIP users who are
using the service to voice enable Microsoft

: Teams. At the end of 2022 we had 356,000

: trunks deployed in this way (up from 124,000

at the start of the year). Additionally, 208,000

of the 356,000 trunks were taking our Cloud

UCX product (a software based product sold

ona recurring revenue basis).

We will create an organisation that engages
all our people with a common set of values
| and goals.

| Gamma has undergone significant

} transformation over the past three years.

We have added businesses in the UK, the

Netherlands, Germany and Spain to the

| Group. We have bought businesses which
are culturally aligned to Gamma and we

| have now codified a common vision of

our brand, culture and values.

Our marketing and people teams have
worked together to define the things which
are important for us as employees of Gamma.

We now describe our Purpose to be "To

| empower the people at the heart of good

: business”. Gamma supports businesses.
of all sizes, charities and the public sector
across Europe. Business is based on

} people, people need to communicate and
Gamma facilitates this communication for

: our customers.

10

Gamma Communications pic Annual Report and Accounts 2022