ee
eee Gamma

Business-critical — es
communications ne

——_

0m

Al
1

jm

Gamma keeps
businesses connected

We provide the essential business
communications products and services
that organisations across Western Europe
rely on to. connect and collaborate with
customers and colleagues.

Our broad portfolio includes delivering business phone calls,
secure internet connectivity, and communications solutions
for online meetings and messaging. These are plugged into
the Gamma telecoms network, and made simple to deploy and
manage through a single online portal.

Focused solely on business communications, we combine our
proprietary technology with leading global platforms anda
unique service wrap to deliver reliable, high-quality solutions.
We work with Channel Partners to support small and medium-
sized businesses, and deal directly with larger organisations
and public sector customers.

Visit our website for more information
gammagroup.co

Strategic report

Ataglance 02
Chair's statement 04
Investment case 07
Market ~ Growth drivers 08
What we do and how we deliver 12
CEO statement 14
Business Unit performance 18
The Gamma business model 24
Key performance indicators 26
Financial review 30
Risk management 34
Our principal risks 36
Viability statement and going concern 43
Our stakeholders 44
Section 172 48
Our people 52
Non-Financial and Sustainability

Information Statement 57
TCFD 58
Strategic report sign off 70
Governance report

Chair's introduction to corporate governance 72
Board of Directors 74
Executive Committee 76
Corporate governance report 78
Nomination Committee report 81
Audit & Risk Committee report 85
ESG Committee report 89
Remuneration Committee report 91
Remuneration Policy 96
Annual Report on Remuneration 103
Directors’ report 113
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 5
Financial statements
Independent auditor's report 17
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 125
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 125
Consolidated statement of financial position 126
Consolidated statement of cash flows 127
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 128
Notes to the financial statements 129
Company statement of financial position 168
Company statement of changes in equity 169
Notes to the Company financial statements 170
Additional information
Alternative Performance Measures 173
Company information 178
Glossary 179

2025 Highlights

Revenue
Grew from £579.4m
to £645.8m

£645.8m

+11%

Profit before tax
("PBT")
Fell from £95.6m to £87.7m
following £10.6m of
exceptional items.

£87.7m

-8%

Gross Profit
Grew from £300.3m
to £348.2m

£348.2m

+16%

Earnings Per Share
("EPS") (fully diluted)
Fell from 72.0p

to 69.3p

69.3p

-4%

Recurring revenue’
Flat at 89%

89%

Adjusted EPS
(fully diluted)’
Grew from 85.1p
to94.5p

94.5p

+11%

Adjusted EBITDA’
Grew from £125.5m
to £141.7m

£141.7m

+13%

Adjusted cash
generated by
operations’,
Grew from £120.4m
to £131.8m

£131.8m

+9%

Adjusted PBT’
Grew from £111.9m
to £119.4m

£119.4m

+7%

Adjusted cash
conversion’
Fell from 96% to 93%

93%

Return on Capital
Employed ("ROCE”)'
Grew from 27.4% to 27.8%

278%

+0.4%

Net (debt)/cash'
Decreased from £153.7m
to (€9.3m)

(£9.3m)

Key highlights

Significant growth across key financial performance

metrics

+ Group results underpinned by a strong performance from our
recent German acquisitions, and delivered despite the
challenging UK macroeconomic backdrop.

+ Recurring revenue? remains high at 89% (2024: 89%).

+ ROCE was healthy at 27.8% (2024 pro forma: 27.4%).

+ Adjusted EBITDA increased by 13%; Adjusted EPS (fully diluted)
increased by 11%.

Continued balance sheet strength

+ Adjusted cash generated by operations increased 9% to
£131.8m (2024: £120.4m). Adjusted cash conversion remained
strong at 93% (2024: 96%) and with closing Net debt at
31 December 2025 of £9.3m (2024: Net Cash £153.7m).
This was after total outflows of £216.2m for the acquisition of
Starface in February 2025 for £152.2m, returns to shareholders
through the share buyback of £45.1m in H1 2025 and the
Payment of £18.9m of dividends in the year.

1. See section “Alternative Performance Measures’,

2. Recurring revenue being revenue which is recognised “over time” as per note 4,

+ In January 2026, we announced an intention to faunch further
share buybacks during FY 2026 and FY 2027. When combined
with the Board's intention to pay a dividend per share fixed for
FY 2026 and FY 2027 at FY 2025 levels, this would represent
an aggregate return of up to c.£125m of cash to shareholders
in total over the two-year period.

Substantial progress delivering strategic priorities

+ Integration of Starface acquisition progressing well.

+ 2025 restructuring completed, saving £7m p.a. of ongoing UK
operating costs from FY 2026 with an associated restructuring
cost of £3.3m treated as an exceptional item in FY 2025.

+ Successful launch of Cisco's "Webex for Gamma’ in the UK
SME market in Q4 2025 - supported by our Cisco top-tier
Preferred Partner status. “Webex for Gamma” seats have grown
to €.20k froma standing start in the UK

+ Move to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange
completed in May 2025, with inclusion in the FTSE 250 index
from June 2025.

Gamma Communications plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

01

Ataglance

Delivering the critical
communications

solutions that companies
of all sizes rely on

What we do

We enable businesses to communicate
internally and externally. Our broad and
‘expanding portfolio includes cloud
communications (telephony, messaging,
video, Al-driven customer experience), calling
and network connectivity (including security)
- giving organisations of any size access to
end-to-end solutions from a single provider.
We combine our proprietary technology with
leading third-party platforms. These are
plugged into the Gamma telecoms network
and made simple to deploy and manage
through our online portal, and supported

by our high-quality service.

Our extensive Channel Partner network
connects major global technology vendors
with hundreds of thousands of small and
medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs"),
complemented by our direct relationships
with a growing base of large corporate and
public sector organisations. Our smallest
end user may be a business with one
employee and our largest enterprise
customer has over 100,000 employees.

Gamma's core solutions fall into three categories:

Calling

Our international telecoms network enables businesses to make and receive
external phone calls, including the ability to voice-enable third-party platforms

such as Microsoft Teams, Google, Amazon and Zoom. For businesses with contact
centres overseas, Gamma operates as a service provider, supplying phone numbers
inc.27 countries to support reliable, compliant global calling.

Cloud Communications

We provide a range of cloud communication solutions that bring phone calls, video,
messaging and customer contact tools together in one easy-to-use platform,
accessible from anywhere. Whether through our own solutions or trusted partners,
such as Cisco, Ericsson-LG and Amazon, we help organisations of any size stay
connected and collaborate more effectively.

Connectivity

Modern voice and cloud services depend on strong, secure data connections.
Through partnerships with major network operators, we deliver the broadband,
ethernet and mobile access that businesses rely on, all supported by Gamma's

high-quality service

02 Gamma Communications ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our vision and core values

How we do business is as important as what
we do, and Gamma's ethos is as important
as the capability we provide.

We have a clear vision to create a better-
connected world where we can work
‘smarter for the benefit of business. people
and the planet. This vision is underpinned
by our core values:

We're there, and we care

We love to grow

We step up and own it

We do the right thing

-
Strategicreport  Governancereport Financial report

How and where we operate

Gamma has sites across Western Europe, mainly in
the UK and Germany, and delivers its portfolio of solutions
through a mix of routes to market.

In mainland Europe, Gamma has its largest presence in
Germany, delivering services to SMEs through both partners
and its own self-service digital platform, and is recognised as
one of the country's leading cloud communications providers.

Gamma Business serves UK SMEs via an extensive network
of over 1,500 Channel Partners. Its Service Provider business
provides international calling capabilities for global
communications platform and service providers

For larger corporate and public sector organisations, Gamma
Enterprise engages directly to design and support complex,
tailored, integrated communications solutions.

Our commercial model is based on multi-year subscription
contracts and we have strong recurring revenue with stable
margins and high levels of cash generation.

Proportion of Gross Profit

Gamma Business Gamma Enterprise
55% 17%

UK Service

‘SME Provider

42% 13%

Gamma Germany Gamma Other Europe

23% 5%

Additional information CO

Who we support

Our consistent growth

Inthe past ten years Gamma has grown its revenue from
£191.8m to £645.8m, a CAGR of 13%; at the same time
Adjusted EBITDA has grown from £28.3m to £141.9m

(a CAGR of 17%), through a combination of organic and
acquired growth. Adjusted EPS has grown from 17.9p

to 94.5p (a CAGR of 18%).

Adjusted EBITDA (Em)

Adjusted earnings per share (fully diluted) (p)

Gamma Communications pice 03
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chair's statement

Martin Hellawell
Chair

Effective
strategic
delivery

04 Gamma Communications plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

lam pleased to provide my
Chair's report for the year ending
31 December 2025. During the
year, we expanded our scale in
Germany through the Starface
acquisition, a key step in our
Group's strategic plan.

This progress was supported by further
broadening of our product portfolio, a
continued focus on service quality, and
initiatives to streamiine the organisation
and reinforce the long-term resilience of

the business. During the year, we delivered
significant cash returns to our shareholders
andintend to maintain this approach,
balancing investmentin future growth with
enhancing shareholder value. The Company
transitioned from AIM to the Main Market in
the first half of the year.

Financial performance

| shall touch briefly on our financial
performance. The completion of the
Starface acquisition in February 2025 drove
our German business to a new level, growing
gross profit in Germany by nearly 200%,
supported by the contribution from Placetel,
acquired in September 2024. We now have
significant scale outside of the UK and in
Europe's largest communications market.
We are very excited about the opportunities
aheadin this fast-growing market. This
offset the difficult UK macroeconomic
environment which was further challenged
by headwinds as we transition away from the
copper network to full-fibre connectivity.
Cloud volumes increased but gross profit
declined in our UK SME business.

Our Service Provider business continues

to expand globally, providing calling
capabilities for large multinational platforms,
while our Enterprise business entered 2026
with positive momentum following several
notable wins in 2025, and despite ongoing
competitive pricing pressure. Group
Adjusted EBITDA increased by 13% and
adjusted PBT rose by 7%. Recurring
revenues remained high at 89% and Group
gross margin increased to 54%. Further
detail on our financial performance is
provided later in the report.

Products and markets

Demand for business communication
solutions across Europe remains strong,

‘as we Support the ongoing migration from
‘on-premise to cloud communications,

We continue to invest in new product
development driven by customer needs and
Alis being embedded across key products.
We are proud of our focus on service quality
~Gammais easy to do business with,
helping customers to deploy and manage
our services efficiently. We see this as a key
differentiator of why channel partners and
enterprises choose to work with us.

Cisco's “Webex for Gamma’, a cloud
communications platform sold through the
channel to our SME customers, has been our
most successful product launch in the UK to.
date. Across the Group, our suite of products
is extensive, enabling us to further deepen
our relationships with both channel partners
and larger enterprise customers. In the UK,
the planned switch-off of the old copper
phone network in January 2027 ("PSTN")

is driving customer migrations to full-fibre
connectivity. Pricing continues to be a

focus, as the transition from higher-margin
legacy products to lower-margin fibre
replacements, along with competitive
connectivity pricing, impacts margins.

Strategicreport Governance report

Capital allocation, financing
and dividend

The Board regularly reviews the Group's
capital allocation framework given the
recurring cash the Company generates,
deploying this cash in the best way for our
shareholders. We took on debt for the first
time in January 2025 through a £130m
multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility,
which we partially drew down to fund the
Starface acquisition.

We completed a share buyback in the

first half of 2025, returning £45.1m to
shareholders, and announced a further
buyback to be completed in 2026 andan
intention to complete an additional buyback
in 2027. These two follow-on programmes
are expected to return up to £85m to
shareholders over the next two years.

Alongside this, the Board decided to pay
a dividend fixed at 2025 levels over the

next two years, providing a level of income
certainty to shareholders. As in previous
years, one third of the dividend will be paid
as an interim dividend with the final two
thirds as a final dividend once the results

for the full year are known. The first dividend
under this revised structure will be the
interim dividend declared with the 2026
interim results in September 2026.

Financial report

Additional information

i“

2025 was an important year strategically:
we completed the Starface acquisition,
consolidated our technology platforms

and delivered significant cash to

our shareholders.”

Board compo: n

While there were no changes to your
Board throughout 2025, several important
changes will take place in early 2026.

Firstly, Bill Castell will leave the Board on

311 March 2026 following nearly four years
as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"). Bill has
been instrumental in developing the Group,
and in particular the finance function, and

| want to thank him on behalf of the Board
for his commitment and dedication.

We were delighted to announce the
appointment of Damien Maltarp as our

new CFO on 20 March 2026. Damien

brings significant telecoms and capital
markets expertise to Gamma, underpinned
by more than 15 years’ senior leadership
experience across a broad range of financial
disciplines. He will join Gamma and the
Board later in 2026.

We were pleased to announce the
appointment of Chris Jagusz as an
Independent Non-Executive Director, who
joined the Board on 9 February 2026. Chris
has a breadth of knowledge and experience
spanning the telecoms and technology
sectors andisa valuable addition to the Board,

We have assessed the composition of the
main Board Committees and the changes
are set out in the Nomination Committee
report. | remain as Workforce Engagement
Director and have provided more detail on
the activities | undertook in 2025 in this role
in the Governance report.

Move to the Main Market

and corporate governance
|wrote last year about our planned move
from AiM to the Main Market, and | am
pleased that we completed the admission
process on 2 May 2025, then joined the
FTSE 250 Index in June 2025. The move
has given us new and deeper access to
capital along with an increased global
profile, and has further driven our need
toarticulate the business clearly to this
wider group of new investors. The move
has required us to report against the UK
Corporate Governance Code, and! am
pleased that we are able to report full
compliance with the Code. Further detail
can be foundin the Governance report.

Gamma Communications plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

05

Chair's statement continued

‘Asa Main Market company, we are
conscious of the requirement to disclose
further details on our gender and ethnicity
data for the Board and senior management,
which is set out on page 83. The Nomination
Committee discusses Board succession
planning at each meeting and takes into
account gender and ethnicity perspectives.
Following the AGM, we will have a gender
balance of 75% male, 25% female and
unfortunately no ethnically diverse
Directors on the Board. We have stated
before our clear intention to address these
shortfalls and our position has not changed.
We have discussed whether to increase the
size of the Board to meet these targets and
agreed this was not appropriate for Gamma
at this time.

Board evaluation

As part of our three-year rolling evaluation
programme, the Board completed its
second externally facilitated evaluation

at the end of 2025. have set out detail
onthe process followed and outcomes in
the Nomination Committee report. It was
a thorough and robust process, which
challenged the Board's thinking in several
areas. Your Board continues to perform well
and comprises Directors with a balance of
skills and experience.

06 — Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

The level of work did not ease for the Board
in 2025, with the move to the Main Market,
consideration of a further share buyback,
M&A projects anda significant amount of
activity for each of the Committees in
preparation for reporting against the Code.
The pace of change continues unabated
and the Non-Executive Directors, alongside
the management team, delivered multiple
governance projects successfully.

Employees

As the Group continues to grow, the Board
remains mindful of the impact this can have
‘on our underlying culture. We were pleased
to hear from management, and to
experience first-hand, the strong sense

of belonging and pride that our employees
have in working for Gamma. | continued my
programme of events to meet a wide variety
of employees across the Group and more
detail is in the Governance report.

We continue to believe that the Gamma
culture one of belonging, a good place to
work and with development potential for all
~is a differentiator which allows us to attract
the talented individuals needed to drive the
business forward. At the same time, as
businesses expand, tough decisions are
sometimes required. The Board supported
management in implementing a restructuring
programme during the year, focused on
ensuring that the Group's operating model
remains efficient and effective.

The Board and | would like to express our
thanks to all our staff for their dedication,
hard work and enthusiasm.

Shareholders

Irecognise that Gamma's share price
performance has been very disappointing
and the share price decline has been a
sobering experience for the Board
throughout the year and continuing to date.
Both the executives and | have spent
significant time with shareholders over the
course of the year and we have appreciated
your feedback, input and ongoing support.
We welcome the dialogue and | will always
make myself available for shareholders
given the valuable insight this provides for
me and the rest of the Board.

Looking ahead

On behalf of the Board, | would also like to
thank all our partners, customers, suppliers
and shareholders for their ongoing support,
as we face into varying opportunities and
challenges in our different markets. We
remain encouraged by the mid-term
prospects of our sector and the strong
Position Gamma has established in its

core markets.

Martin Hellawell
Chair

23 March 2026

ff

Strategicreport  Governancereport Financial report Additional information

Financial strength and resilience
Around 90% of Gamma's revenue is recurring,

INVESTMENT CASE

Why Gamma?

Gamma is a leading European provider of
business-critical communications technology,
operating in markets with long-term structural
growth trends. Our robust business model —
supported by high recurring revenue, strong
cash generation and available liquidity -
coupled with increased scale in Germany

and an expanded product portfolio, position
Gamma well for years to come.

| Leading position in a large and growing market 3

Gammaiis uniquely placed to benefit from the
‘ongoing transition from traditional on-premise
technology to cloud communications, as well as
from the increasing demand for integrated
communications and IT solutions.

Our extensive Channel Partner network connects
major technology vendors with hundreds of
thousands of SMEs, complemented by our direct
relationships with a growing base of multinational
enterprises and public sector customers. Gamma's
strong financial position and strategic technology
partnerships enable us to respond quickly to
evolving market requirements.

Read more
Page 08

providing predictable earnings and strong cash
generation. This supports ongoing investment in
future growth and enhanced shareholder returns. As
the Group scales, integration, operational efficiency
and technology innovation are expected to enhance
margins further.

ORead more
Page 30

Expanding Group product portfolio.
Combining proprietary products with leading
platforms from global technology vendors, Gamma
provides businesses of all sizes with enterprise-grade
solutions. Our broad and expanding portfolio -
including cloud communications (telephony
messaging, video, collaboration, Al-driven customer
experience), calling and network connectivity
(including security) - enables customers of any size to
deploy end-to-end communications and IT solutions
viaa single provider. This, alongwith tools such as
Gamma's portal, simplifies and reduces the cost of
adoption, strengthens loyalty and enables us to
capture a greater share of customer spend.

Read more
Page 12

Carrier capability
Gamma enables business to make and receive external
telephone calls through our own telecoms network
rather than relying on third parties. Many competitors
depend on Gamma's network for their own services.
Network ownership provides our customers witha
regulated, secure and reliable service that prioritises
their business communications, delivers cost
predictability and allows for flexible contract terms.

O Read more
Page 24

Gamma Communications ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

07

Market - Growth drivers

Market
trends

The global business
communications market is
expected to continue to grow as
organisations adopt cloud-based
services, upgrade connectivity,
and invest in technologies such as
Al, automation, cybersecurity and
customer experience.

While macroeconomic conditions in Europe
remain subdued, particularly for UK SMEs,
overall customer spending was expected

to improve through 2026 as inflation eases
and budget-related uncertainty reduces.'?
Although ongoing geopolitical tensions may
delay the pace of economic recovery,
business communications solutions are
essential for all organisations, driven by
digital transformation and efficiencies.

Our portfolio supports businesses as

they modernise their communications
infrastructure - from cloud communications
for SMEs to secure, complex networking
solutions for larger enterprises - providing
reliable, flexible platforms for today's

digital environment.

1 ICAEW~UK Business Confidence Monitor.
2 Ifo institute ~ Business Climate Index for Germany.

3 Cavell - Cloud Communications Market Report
UK Q2 2025.

4 Cavell- Cloud Communications Market Report
Germany Q2 2025.

5 Cavell - CCaaS Market Evolution Q2 2025.
6 Ofcom Connected Nations UK Report 2025.

7 Analysys Mason Operator Business Services UK
forecast: 2025 - 2030.

08 — Gamma Communications plc

Annual Report and Accounts 2025

ORIVER 1

Ongoing migration to
cloud communications
—a primary driver of
Gamma's growth

Cloud-based communication platforms
bring business calling, messaging, video
and collaboration together in a single,
cloud-hosted service. For customers, this
reduces complexity, improves resilience
and enables flexible working, while
avoiding the upfront cost and ongoing
maintenance of on-site hardware. These
platforms are increasingly enhanced
byAl.

In the UK, cloud adoption is well advanced
and the number of cloud communication
users is forecast to grow c.7% CAGR from
2025 to 2028.

Germany, Europe's largest business
communications market. is at an earlier
stage of adoption. This creates
substantial growth opportunity, with
cloud users’ CAGR forecast to increase
€.16% from 2025 to 2028."

How Gammais positioned

Gamma provides cloud communications
solutions to businesses of all sizes,
combining its own platforms with leading
third-party providers. Gamma can also
enable voice calling of other widely used
collaboration tools, such as Microsoft
Teams, Google, Amazon and Zoom,
delivered over our secure business
telecoms network. Gamma is recognised
as one of the leading global providers of
Microsoft Teams voice enablement.

Gamma has over 10 years’ experience
supporting customers as they migrate
from traditional, on-site phone systems

to cloud-based services. Many on-site
customers use a technology called Session
Initiated Protocol ("SIP") to allow their
‘on-premise equipment to make and receive
calls over the internet.

Germany

Germany's lower cloud adoption and strong
growth outlook underpin a significant
long-term opportunity and we are investing
to scale further as the market grows.

Recent acquisitions have strengthened
Gamma's position:

Placetel (acquired September 2024)
is aleader in selling cloud communications
to SMEs directly online. Increased marketing
investment is driving strong cloud seat
growth, Online-direct is seen as a growing
route to market, with expansion planned
across Europe from 2026.

Starface (acquired February 2025) adds
a German-engineered platform for SMEs,
with both cloud and hardware solutions
anda large installed base that can
transition to cloud over time. German
customers often favour locally designed
‘solutions, benefitting Gamma relative

to hyperscale providers.

Together, these acquisitions have
expanded Gamma's reach, increased brand
recognition and support the shift from

legacy hardware to higher-value, long-term
cloud subscriptions with recurring revenue,

e———-—_____

Strategicreport Governance report _ Financial report Additional information
« . DRIVER 2

Gammiais one of the UK market leaders in

this space andis leveraging this strength Customer Experience

to support customers as they consider
transforming their communications
infrastructure. Migrating to full cloud
platforms enables simpler management
and greater functionality for customers, and
Gamma’s expertise in complex migrations
Provides a competitive advantage.

In October 2025, Gamma launched Webex
for Gamma, a fully Al-integrated cloud
communications platform combining
Cisco's Webex architecture and Gamme’s
secure network and voice expertise.
Webex for Gamma complements
Gamma's existing Horizon platform,
expanding customer and partner choice,
and creating additional opportunities for
differentiation and value creation.

As the UK cloud market matures,
migrations are becoming more complex.
Gamma continues to compete effectively
in this phase of demand through its broad
portfolio, continued investment in
partner-facing tools and enhanced
sales-enablement programmes, Over
time, UK growth is expected to become
increasingly displacement-led, as
customers switch providers rather than
enter the market for the first time, an
environment where Gamma's breadth
and flexibility provide a competitive
advantage. However, competitive pricing
is reducing industry-wide average margin
per user (‘AMPU"), meaning growth in
cloud user numbers results in broadly
stable gross profit. In order to increase
AMPU, Gammais expanding its portfolio
of value-added services for SME
customers, including Al-enabled
features, analytics, call recording and
integration with customer relationship
management ("CRM") systems. For larger
organisations, Gamma provides end-to-
end solutions and managed services,
enabling deeper customer relationships
and higher-value, recurring revenue.

Global
The Coolwave acquisition in 2024
extended Gamma's international
footprint, supporting voice and
messaging services for service providers
and hyperscalers, and creating further
partner-led growth opportunities,
particularly in APAC from 2026.

("CX") is an increasing
focus for businesses

Part of the transition to cloud
communications is driven by increasing
consumer expectations of the services
they receive from businesses. In
response, businesses are increasingly
prioritising CX, recognising its impact on

customer loyalty, revenue and operational

efficiency. This applies to businesses of
all sizes.

Intarge enterprises, this is driving strong
demand for cloud-based contact centre
(‘CCaaS") platforms, which bring together
the different channels customers use to
contact organisations (voice, email,
webchat etc.) withina single, flexible
solution. These platforms enable

needs, scale more effectively and harness
Al-driven automation and personalisation
to deliver higher-quality service.

In smaller businesses, the core cloud
communications platformis increasingly
being extended to bring that same
diverse mix of communications channels.
This provides an opportunity for Gamma

the cloud communications platforms of
the hyperscalers into this market.

organisations to respond faster to customer

to drive revenue and retention as we bring

In the UK, c.50% of customer service
agents already use cloud-based contact
centre systems. Although significantly
‘smaller than the cloud-based
communications market, the number of
UK CCaa& users is forecast to grow 6.9%
CAGR from 2025 to 2028. In Germany,
adoption is earlier-stage but growing
rapidly, with users expected to grow
¢,16% CAGR over the same period.

How Gammais positioned
While CX currently represents a small
proportion of our portfolio, Gamma
serves the full range of CX needs. Webex
for Gamma provides a contact centre
product for SMEs with an increasing
range of communications, while
‘SmartAgent supports larger enterprises
with more complex, multi-channel
requirements. The acquisition of
BrightCloud in 2024 strengthened
Gamma's enterprise CCaaS proposition,
enhancing our ability to deliver higher-
value solutions and recurring revenue
across customer segments. CCaaS and
business process outsourcing also
present opportunities within Gamma’s
Service Provider business, particularly
as the Group expands further into APAC.

Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

09

Market - Growth drivers continued

DRIVER3

The transition from copper
to full-fipre connectivity
is a structural trend

High capacity, reliable internet access

is now essential for modern business.
As more applications and services move
to the cloud, and hybrid working and
Al-adoption increases data usage,
demand for full fibre connectivity (‘FT TP")
continues to rise. Full fibre replaces
traditionat copper lines with fibre optic
infrastructure, delivering faster speeds,
lower latency and improved reliability —
all critical for cloud services, video
collaboration and the growing use of Al.

FTTP is now available to 78% of UK
premises.° Where FTTP has not yet reached
alocation, a transitional technology SoGEA
(Single Order Generic Ethernet Access)
enables businesses to operate without

a traditional phone line. FTTP adoption
continues to accelerate: the UKis expected
to grow c.19% CAGR from 2025 to 2028.”

In addition, in the UK, businesses
have traditionally relied on voice and
connectivity services delivered over the
UK's old analogue phone network ("PSTN"
—Public Switched Telephone Network).
These older products face speed and
reliability limitations, and will be withdrawn
when the PSTNis switched off in January
2027 and the UK transitions to digital,
IP-based services.

In Germany, while the move from the
analogue to the digital phone network
happened some time ago, connectivity
remains largely on copper lines. Full fibre
coverage remains relatively limited and
fragmented, but is expected to expand,
supported by government initiatives
and operator investment.

How Gammais positioned
Inearly 2026, Gamma launched the
FibreXchange inthe UK, an FTTP aggregation
platform which allows Channel Partners to
compare pricing, coverage and features
across fibre suppliers, makingit easy for our
Partners to select the right solution for their
customers. The platformis easily extendable
toadditional suppliers and should provide
Gamma with an advantage where FTTP
supply is fragmented by region or provider.

10 Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

UK
As the UK connectivity market transitions
away from legacy copper phone lines, the
industry is experiencing a period of margin
pressure as higher-margin legacy products
are replaced with fibre-based ones, a trend
thatwill continue through to completion of
the PSTN switch-off. Alongside this, while
growth of alternative fibre networks
(‘altnets’) provides options to customers,
they are also driving industry-wide pricing
competition, as they seek to build the scale
needed to recoup their investment. Pricing
is expected to stabilise over time buthas
impact particularly on renewals for
long-term contracts in Gamma Enterprise.
Together, these headwinds are generating
near-term gross profit pressure in
Gamma’s UK connectivity operations.

Gammais seeking to mitigate these effects
byincreasing our share in the growing fibre
market. This includes managing large-scale
migrations for enterprise customers and
supporting Channel Partners through
structured migration programmes
designed to minimise disruption.

In addition, Gamma is extending its FTTP
reach through partnerships with the
altnets, beginning with CityFibre, expanding
the FTTP upgrade opportunity beyond BT
Openreach's footprint, and strengthening
Gamma's role as a market aggregator.

Our new FibreXchange platform enables
partners to source, manage and deploy
FTTP offerings from multiple networks,
allowing Gamma to capitalise on the
broadened reach of the altnets. The PSTN
switch-off also presents opportunity.

Our PhoneLine+ productis alow cost
digital replacement for traditional
analogue phone lines, designed for
micro-businesses. As customers upgrade
connectivity, Gamma has a natural
opportunity to add further services from
its broader portfolio. Improved bandwidth
and reliability also support greater adoption
of cloud communications, creating clear
pathways for cross-sell and upsell.

As the fibre market expands and copper
withdrawal is completed, these combined
activities are expected to provide
Stabilisation and medium-term
improvement in connectivity gross profit.

Germany

FTTP availability in Germany remains lower
and supplier coverage is complex and
fragmented across incumbent operators,
regional utlities and private investors,
However, strong government commitment
and substantial operator investment are
expected to significantly expand fibre
coverage. While connectivity is currently

a small part of our German business we
are exploring ways to maximise this
opportunity through partnerships with
major local providers or via acquisitions.

DRIVER 4

International expansion
of hyperscaler platform
communications

As large technology platforms, such as
Microsoft Teams, Amazon and Zoom,
continue to growinternationally, they
require communications partners
capable of delivering consistent,
compliant voice and messaging
services across multiple countries.
Only a small number of providers have
the scale, regulatory expertise and
operational capability to support this
effectively. Through its Service
Provider business, Gamma is well
positioned to meet this demand,
providing voice-enabled, compliant
services and multi-country solutions
for its international platform partners.

In addition to supporting global
platform providers, Gamma's
capabilities also address the needs

of multinational enterprises seeking
to simplify their communications
estate, consolidate suppliers and
ensure consistent service quality
across geographic regions. Gamma's
ability to deliver compliant, scalable
solutions across multiple countries
positions it as an attractive partner for
enterprises looking to streamline their
global communications footprint.