ee
eee Gamma

Gamma Communications pic
counts 2024

Meeting your
communications ~
needs in a world of
_ constant change

[ MNO
. iN

At Gamma, we believe that
connectivity is not just about
technology, but about people.

We're good -
together

Realising the true value of relationships
can be game changing. We help
businesses create genuine connections
through intuitive, seamless experiences
that feel more human.

#GoodTogether

Gamma is a leading provider of Strategic report

technology-based communication

services across Europe. Chair's statement 02
Investment case 07
We're here to empower the people at The Gamma business 08
the heart of good business. We want a Market - growth drivers and trends 12
better connected world in which we can Chief Executive Officer's strategic review 16
work smarter for the benefit of business, Our strategy 20
people and the planet. Key performance indicators 26
Financial review 29
Risk management 34
Our principal risks 36
Our stakeholders 42
Section 172 47
Our people 50
TCFD 54
Strategic report sign off 70
Governance report
Chair's introduction to corporate governance 72
Board of Directors 74
Executive Committee 76
Corporate governance report 78
Revenue res -
Grew from £521.7m Nomination Committee report 81
to£579.4m F 5 T 6) 4 aa Audit & Risk Committee report 83
. ESG Committee report 87
+11% Remuneration Committee report 89
Remuneration Policy 95
Annual Report on Remuneration 103
Adjusted EBITDA .
Grew from £114.3m Directors’ report ne
to £125.5m Fr 1 ? 5 ' 5 aa Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 114
+10% Financial statements
Independent auditor's report 6
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 123
operations Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 123
Grew from £71.5m Fr 6) 5 6 Mm Consolidated statement of financial position 124
to £95.6m . Consolidated statement of cash flows 125
+3 A% Consolidated statement of changes in equity 126
Notes to the financial statements. 127
Company statement of financial position 166
Dividend per share
Grew from 17.1p Company statement of changes in equity 167
to 19.5p 1 9 ' 5 Notes to the Company financial statements 168
+14% Additional information
Alternative Performance Measures 71
Company information WT
Read more Glossary 178
Page 29
NL a a en
Gamma Communications ple 1

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Chair's statement

Martin Hellawell
Chair
02 Gamma Communications pic

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Effective
strategic
delivery

Strong results

and future growth

opportunities

lam pleased to present my
Chair's statement following
a year of strong performance.

The financial performance will be dissected
in great detail throughout this report so

Ill keep my perspective on the numbers
simple and high level. There's a lot to like.
Recurring revenues were stable at 89% of
the business in 2024. Gross margins remain
strong at 52%, translating to net margins of
19% at Adjusted PBT level. Cash generation
continues to impress with a December 2024
net cash balance of £153.7m and that's
after the acquisitions of Coolwave and
BrightCloud, the completion of the £27.3m
share buyback, and the dividend payment.
Gross profit growth of 12% came from
above market organic growth rates and
inorganic activity. Adjusted EBITDA growth
rate of 10% came from a combination of that
gross profit growth and very sensible and
disciplined cost control. Profit before tax
growth rate of 34%, which when excluding
the impact of prior year exceptionalitems,
underpins an Adjusted PBT growth rate of
14% which was a result of the same and

the additional bonus of strong interest:
accumulation on our cash balance.

Similarly, you will see more detailed
and better descriptions of the business
elsewhere in this report but let me give you
my overview and perspective, and to give
context to some of the recent investments
we have made. The Board spends significant
time working with the executive team to
provide challenge and encouragement

on these most significant elements of

the business.

We look at the business as three segments.
Gamma Business represented 64% of

our business in 2024, This is our most
established and mature business and largely
sells through a very extensive network of
partners and largely to SME customers.
Gamma Enterprise sells to larger customers
in the corporate and public sector space.
This represented 22% of our business in
2024. Finally, Gamma Europe is the sum

ofall our businesses outside of the UK,
notably in Germany, Netherlands and

Spain. All three segments showed positive
progress both strategically and financially,
further strengthened by acquisitions in all
three segments completed in the year.

In terms of the technologies we bring to
market, we can also look at them in three
broad segments.

Firstly Cloud-based communication
systems. Historically, organisations used
hardware-based PBX systems to manage
incoming and outgoing calls to its
organisation. Over time these hardware-
based systems are being retired in favour

of Cloud-based solutions. Often known as
UCaa$ or for operations with more intensive
communication requirements CCaaS or now
CX. Gamma is a UK market leader in this
space and in 2024 surpassed one million
Cloud seats under management. Gamma
offers a choice of solutions in this area,

The Horizon offering with core software
from Broadsoft (which was acquired by
Cisco) represents a large part of the

existing base.

Strategic report Governance report

Overview of results
Dividend per share

Financial report

Adjusted earnings per share
(fully diluted)

19.5p 14% 85.1p +13%
Grew from 17.1p to 19.5p Grew from 75.1p to 85.1p
: Earnings per share Cash generated
(fully diluted) by operations
72.0) +31% £116.8M — -5%

Grew from 54.9p to 72.09

In 2023 Gamma acquired Pragma (previously
referred to as Enablex in the 2023 Annual
Report), adding the iPECS solution to the
portfolio. This has been a successful addition
to the Company's offering. For very small
customers or customers with less complex
requirements, we have our own developed
solution, PhoneLine+, which has performed
well over the course of the year. In addition,
we have now launched the latest Cisco
offerings in the market which over time we
believe will become a significant part of our
portfolio. There is large opportunity in this
market for both organisations moving to
Cloud-based solutions for the first time
(inaggregate over half of the combined UK
and German market are still using hardware-
based technology) and for organisations who
can benefit from better price/performance in
replacement systems.

The second area we address is what we
broadly call voice enablement. In tayman’s
terms, this adds the ability for a system
(hardware or software or a combination of
both) to make voice calls, using a telephone
number and to carry those calls across
network. Gamma has a large “SIP trunk”
business which enables hardware PBX
systems to use broadband to carry calls.
As the hardware PBX market declines, the
traditional SIP trunk market declines for
Gamma. Our job is to ensure that as many
customers as possible formerly using a
hardware PBX solution in association with

Declined from £123.5m to £116.8m. The
reduction reflects one-off favourable
movements in working capital in 2023

a SIP trunk, transfer to a Gamma Cloud-
based system. Customers may wish to
voice-enable other software they have
invested in such as Microsoft Teams or
AWS Connect solutions. Service providers
who sell a communications solution may
need a partner to voice enable their solution
to give it the required functionality. Gamma
has enormous experience in this voice
enablement area and has significantly
invested in its own network to provide the
carrying services. We see this asa strategic
area of opportunity for the Company.

Voice enablement services to the Service
Provider market has been a particular star
performer of the business in the recent
period. To further strengthen this business,
Gamma acquired Coolwave in early 2024

to extend our voice enablement services
to around 20 countries with the footprint
continuing to expand in 2025, significantly
extending our offering.

Our third area of activity is in connectivity.

This is the business of providing
communication networks to organisations,
notably providing broadband, fibre, ethernet
and/or mobile contracts. We are conscious we
don't do enough in the mobile space and need
to go faster here. We were particularly pleased
to “import” our know-how in loT (Internet of
Things) connectivity from our German
business and launch this in the UK in 2024.
This allows in-the-field devices (there are
thousands of them, for example a mobile car

Additional information

fault diagnostics device) the ability to receive
and transmit data. We don't talk much about
our connectivity business but it's a significant
proportion of what we do. The portal we are
working on will be particularly beneficial in
accelerating this aspect of the business as
we launch new fibre offerings and our scale
loT solution this year.

These offerings are common across our
Gamma Business, Gamma Enterprise and
Europe segments although not all offerings
are available in all countries today.

In addition, Gamma Enterprise extends
beyond these core building blocks to provide
complete managed ICT services to corporate
and public sector organisations. In this vein,
we acquired Satisnet, a cyber security
services company, in 2023, and BrightCloud,
a specialist provider of contact centre
solutions, in 2024, to add further breadth

and depth to this part of the portfolio.

Gamma Communications ple 03
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Chair‘s statement continued

Germany

Germany was a particular area of focus for
the Board in 2024. As the largest potential
market for what we do in Europe, with the
highest number of organisational users and
a low penetration of Cloud-based systems
to date, we believe the German market is a
significant opportunity for the Company and
one we have chosen to focus on. We made

a previous acquisition in Germany in July
2020. The business progressed well in 2024.
But we recognised we were too sub-scale to
satisfy our ambitions and organic growth
alone would take too long in this region.

In September we completed the acquisition
of Placetel. Placetel was previously owned
by Cisco and sells Cloud-based systems
predominantly:to small organisations
through digital channels. The consideration
for the business was in part attributable to
a commitment from Gamma to Cisco for
Cisco licences over a five-year period.

The current base of Placetel is 269,000
users. We were delighted to complete this
deal and equally delighted with progress
since the acquisition completed.

This gave us additional scale anda digital
channel to the small customer segment but
it did not provide the scale in Germany we
‘still craved. The executive team, and notably
Andrew, has been scouring the German
market for several years and nurturing
relationships with potential targets.

04 Gamma Communications ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

The one we found most attractive was
‘STARFACE so when the opportunity came
to acquire this business, we tookit. The
current base for STARFACE is 225,000
Cloud seats on its own proprietary platform
along with approximately 360,000 seats
onits hardware solution. There are many
attractive features of this business
including the quality of its people, its
national coverage, its margin and growth
profile, and the customer and partner
base. | particularly liked the fact that the
technology can be used either on-premise
or in the Cloud and itis incredibly straight
forward to transfer from one to the other.
This creates a hedge for us in Germany

in case Cloud adoption takes longer than
predicted. The deal was agreed post

year end and closed in February 2025.

We believe these two acquisitions,
combined with the existing business in
Germany, represent a major step forward for
the Group and whilst we are very conscious
that the hard work starts here, we are very
excited by the opportunity Germany now
gives us. To putitinto context, we now have
far more Cloud seats under contract in
Germany than we didn the UK at the time

of IPO in 2014,

Move to the Main Market

Gamma has grown significantly since it first
listed on AIM in October 2014, achieving
consistently strong growth both organically
and through acquisition. Adjusted EBITDA
has grown from £23.1m in the year ended
31 December 2014 to £125.Smin the year
ended 31 December 2024 (a CAGR of 18%).
We are now in the top five companies traded
‘on AIM by size, with a market capitalisation
of now welll over £1bn. Looking forward to
its next decade of growth, the Board
considered whether AIM remained the
correct market for Gamma's listing and
concluded, after consultation with our
shareholders, that it was the natural time

to apply for admission to the Main Market.

The move, which is expected to see Gamma
join the FTSE 250 Index, will give us new
and deeper access to capital along with

an increased global profile. We are grateful
for the support from our IHT shareholders
since we joined AIM and acknowledge that
their holdings will no longer be tenable once
the move completes. The move will require
us to report against the UK Corporate
Governance Code, and | am confident that
we have the right processes in place to
ensure we do that to a very good standard.
We are well-progressed with the process
and plan to complete the move on 2 May
2025. We will keep shareholders informed
as we near completion.

Capital allocation policy

and financing

The Board is aware of the cash the Company
continues to generate and wants to deploy
this cashin the best way for our shareholders.
We continue to review our capital allocation
framework and shareholders will note that the
Group has taken on debt for the first time,
through a £130m mutticurrency Revolving
Credit Facility that was putin place in January
2028 to finance the acquisition of STARFACE.

Given our desire to create appropriate returns
for shareholders, we will be announcing a
further share buyback programme of up to
£50m and have instructed Peel Hunt to
manage the programme on our behalf, We
will provide regular updates on the number

of shares purchased and confirm once the
programme has concluded. This follows our
first share buyback in 2024 purchasing
£27.3m of shares.

Strategic report Governance report

Dividend

Gamma remains committed to a progressive
dividend policy which has seen the dividend
increase by between 10-15% every year
since our IPO in 2014. Gamma has paid one
third of the dividend as an interim dividend
with the final two thirds asa final dividend
once the results for the full year are known.
We intend to continue this policy.

The Board is pleased to propose a final
dividend, in respect of the year ended

31 December 2024, of 13.0p per share
{2023: 11.4p), an increase of 14%. Subject
to shareholder approval at the forthcoming
AGM, this dividend will be payable on
Thursday 19 June 2025 to shareholders

on the register on Friday 30 May 2025.
When added to the 6.5p interim dividend
(2023: §.7p) this makes a total dividend of
19.5p for the year (2023: 17.1p), an increase
of 14%.

Board composition

As |reported in last year's Annual Report,
Henrietta Marsh retired as the Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director at the
conclusion of the 2024 AGM having served
on the Board since April 2019. Following her
departure, and a review by the Nomination
Committee of the Board roles and
Committee membership, we made
recommendations for several changes
which took place at the close of the 2024
‘AGM, Rachel Addison, who has served on
the Board since October 2022, assumed
the role of Senior Independent Director
and Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
Rachel has extensive experience in working

Financial report Additional information

with public companies, with recent financial
and operational management experience,
and as the Remuneration Committee Chair
of Hyve plc before it was taken private in
June 2023, She has undertaken a review
of our Remuneration Committee adviser

to ensure we receive appropriate support
as we move to the Main Market.

We merged the Audit and Risk Committees,
with the joint Committee being chaired by
Charlotta Ginman. As expected, with
Charlotta’s guidance, this transition has
gone smoothly, with the Committee having
adapted its meeting structure and agendas
to facilitate the change. The Committee
comprises solely independent Non-
Executive Directors, being Charlotta
Ginman, Rachel Addison and Xavier Robert.

Finally, lassumed the role of Workforce
Engagement Director and have provided
more detail on what this entails in the
Governance report.

The Nomination Committee discusses
board succession planning at each
meeting and remains aware of the Board's
diversity, both from gender and ethnicity
perspectives. We currently have a gender
balance of 71% male, 29% female. The
Committee continues to recognise that
there are regrettably no ethnically diverse
Directors on the Board and has the clear
intention to address that at the earliest
opportune time. We are also aware of the
Listing Rules requirement to disclose our
gender and ethnicity data for the Board
and senior management and will report
‘on that in next year’s Annual Report.

Board evaluation

The Board completed its second internal
evaluation at the end of 2024 as part of

a three-year rolling programme. This

was again facilitated through the use of
an online questionnaire which all Directors
completed, with questions remaining
constant from the prior year, alongside
individual meetings between all Directors
with myself and Rachel Addison as Senior
Independent Director.

The Board continues to function well and all
scores were the same or higher compared
to last year with one notable exception. That
was the performance of your Chair but rest
assured | still got one of the highest ratings.
Nevertheless. I've had very harsh words
with myself.

Overall | am satisfied with the progress
of the Board but we still have a long way to
go. PLC boards are onerous for any board
member, in particular the executive team,
and | am very mindful of that. With changes
of advisers, our decision to move to the
Main Market, the amount of M&A activity,
one very active NED less and our first share
buyback, the amount of governance work
has been particularly high. | would like to
express my sincere gratitude to the team
for their very hard work.

We acknowledge the provision in the
UK Corporate Governance Code that an
externally facilitated performance review
should be conducted every three years.
lintend to work with the Company Secretary
to commission this review towards the end
of 2025 andwill report on the output in

next year's Annual Report.

Gamma Communications plc 05

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Chair's statement continued

Sustainability

We remain committed to providing
transparency and actively engaging with
our stakeholders to ensure alignment with
our environmental objectives. We ensure
that management is incentivised to achieve
our aims through ESG targets and, for
awards made in 2025 onwards, have
agreed to move the ESG performance
metric from the annual bonus to the Long
Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"), supporting the
longer-term nature of ESG projects and their
outcomes. This is for both the Executive
Directors and Executive Committee.

We published our second Sustainability
Report in 2024, highlighting progress made
in all areas of ESG (environment, social and
governance). We have reported against the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (“TCFD") within this Annual
Report, reporting compliance in full with
the eleven recommendations. Further
detail can be found on page 54.

Our Carbon Disclosure Project ("COP")
score has recently been verified as aB
rating, for the fourth consecutive year.

This is an important metric for our
Enterprise customers. As reported last year,
our planned achievement of science-based
Nnet-zero targets by 2042 has been verified
by the Science Based Targets initiative
("SBTi"), another important milestone,

We have commenced work on our Transition
Plan, which has formalised a large number
of projects to support our progress towards
our net-zero targets. This comprises
tangible and measurable projects to
improve our impact on the environment,
supported by named Executive Committee
members and with progress tracked by

the ESG Committee.

06 Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Employees

During 2024 we welcomed new colleagues
from Coolwave, BrightCloud and Placetel,
followed by STARFACE in February 2025.
Each acquisition has brought us businesses
of different sizes, offering a variety of
‘solutions as we continue to expand and
deepen our offering. The expansion into
Europe is pleasing and we have reviewed
our integration approach to ensure that

all new colleagues quickly become part

of the Gamma Group.

We have put in place a rolling programme
of events to support my role as Workforce
Engagement Director, including employee
roundtables, focus groups and an in-depth
review of the results of the Engagement
Survey. These meetings allow me to deepen
my knowledge and gain valuable insights
into the business. More detail is included in
the Governance report and | look forward

to continuing to engage with the workforce
throughout 2025.

We continue to believe that the Gamma
culture of belonging in a good place to
work, with development potential for all, is
a differentiator which allows us to recruit
the talented individuals that we need to
drive the business forwards.

The Board and | would like to express our
thanks to all our staff for their dedication,
hard work and enthusiasm.

Gamma is fundamentally a people business
and | would again like to thank all the Gamma
team, our partners, customers, suppliers
and shareholders for your support and
encouragement, and for continuing cfforts
to develop Gamma to face the next stage
of our growth. It's been a busy year of good
progress. Despite the relatively gloomy
economic backdrop, which is not helpful,
we are excited by the opportunities that are
ahead of us. We are equally cognisant that
there is an ever evolving market in which we
have to keep moving at pace to stay ahead.
Thank you again for your ongoing support.

Martin Hellawell: _
Chair

24 March 2025,

coe

Strategic report Governance report Financial report

INVESTMENT CASE

Leading position in a large and growing market

1 Gamma has leading market positions in its primary
geographies in key categories. As the
communications landscape evolves and becomes
more complex, Gamma is well positioned to take
further share. In the UK. a large portion of the
market is yet to convert to cloud communications.
There is also a significant opportunity for Gamma
to lead the transition in Germany, a substantially
larger market than the UK, but with significantly
lower cloud communications adoption.

© Read more
Page 12

Commercial agility, key partnerships, and reach
Gamma's strong financial position and strategic
partnerships enable the business to remain flexible
and agile with our solutions. Global technology
companies want to work with Gamma because of

‘our customer approach and reach, both directly in
the large Enterprise and Public Sector space as well as
through our well-established Channel Partner base to
the SME end users. Gamma focuses on collaboration
with the world's best technology providers in this
sector, including Cisco, Microsoft, Amazon, and
iPECS (joint venture between Ericsson and LG).

Read more
Page 08

Carrier capability

3 Gamma has its own network which carries our
customers’ voice calls, unlike many competitors that
rely on third-party infrastructure. In fact, some of
these competitors depend on Gamma’s network to
voice enable their own services. Our network reduces
business risk by providing predictable, competitive
costs and allows Gamma to offer flexible
contract terms.

© Read more
Page 08

Additional information

Breadth of Innovative solutions for every
size of business

Through the expansion of our own offering
and partnerships with global technology
leaders, Gamma serves as a one-stop-shop
for communications solutions for businesses
ofall sizes, from sole traders through to
international banks. This coverage enables
us to broaden our market opportunity and
take a greater share of wallet.

Read more
Page 08

Attractive financial profile

Gamma's financial model is characterised

by ~90% recurring revenue, which provides

a consistent and predictable income. We also
maintain high levels of cash conversion (96%
Adjusted cash conversion in FY24), enabling
Gamma to reinvest in organic and inorganic
growth, as well as shareholder returns.

Read more
Page 29

Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

o7

The Gamma business

Supporting business acceleration —
communications with a conscience

Gamma is a leading provider of
technology-based communication
services across Europe. The wider
communications market is still
growing strongly and Gamma

is well positioned to benefit

from the key growth areas.

Our differentiators

Our purpose is to:
Empower the people at the heart
‘of good business.

Our mission is to: -
Make communication more human.

Our vision is to:

Create a better connected world in which
we can work smarter for the benefit of
business, people and the planet. When it
comes to business, the combination of
what we do and how we do it has developed
a robust model that generates dependable,
high-quality earnings on a recurring basis.

Our differentiators:

We consider ourselves to be a genuinely
distinct and exceptional communications
service provider, and the following

five aspects distinguish us from

other companies:

+ Authentic and approachable

* Intuitive technology

+ Our people and ethics

= Complete product set

+ Embrace simplicity

08 Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Communications are critical to all businesses,
large or small. Gamma's communications
services provide those critical services

to businesses across Europe.

Inthe UK, around one third of all business
calls transit the Gamma network. Gamma
supports tens of thousands of small
businesses as wellas large Enterprises
and Public Sector organisations.

How we create value

Our product categories
A developer and provider of UCaaS, CCaa&, voice, data and mobile communication
services for businesses of all sizes.

i

Cloud Communications
Gamma provides Unified
Communications as a
Service ("UCaaS") to allow
businesses to bring together
multiple communication
types in one service and,
by deploying in the cloud,
ensure they canbe
accessed wherever they
are needed. Increasingly,
businesses look to improve
customer experience
("CX"), and Gamma provides
solutions at a range of
scale and complexity.

Voice Enablement
Gamma enables other
applications providers
such as Microsoft Teams
to make and receive
telephone calls using
phone numbers utilising
our core voice network.

Connectivity

Modern day voice services
require data connectivity
to operate. Gamma
provides a full suite of
connectivity connections
and services across fixed
and mobile telephony.

How we sell

We supply a broad range of simplified communications and software services to
‘small, medium and large-sized organisations, both through our large network of
Channel Partners and directly.

Gamma Business Gamma Enterprise Europe
Our primary route to Our Enterprise business Our European businesses
market, the channelis at supports the requirements _ sell both directlyand
the heart of what we do. of Enterprises and Public through the channel

We provide market-leading
products to 1,000+
Channel Partners, with an
exceptional service wrap.

Sector organisations
looking to contract directly
with the network operator.

consisting of sales
primarily in Germany, the
Netherlands and Spain.

Strategic re