KS Gamma

Working smarter,
togetiner.

we He a

Empowering people
to communicate

Gamma is a leading provider of Unified
Communication as a Service ("UCaaS")
products to the business market in
Western Europe.

Strategic report
Chair's statement

The Gamma business

Market trends

Our key stories

Chief Executive Officer s statement

Our strategy

Key performance indicators:

Risk management

Our principal risks

Section 172

Financial review

Erwironmental, social and governance report
Governance report

Chair's introduction to corporate governance
Board of Directors

Senior Leadership Team

Corporate governance report

Nomination Committee report

Audit Committee report

Risk Committee report

ESG Committee report

Directors’ Rernunerat:on report

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Financial statements

Independent auditor's report

Consolidated statement of profit or loss
Consolidated statement of financial position
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Notes to the financial statements

Company statement of financial position
Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to tne Company fi ancial statements

Supplementary information
Company information

Glossary

rr
Online report

Read our report online
for additional video
content

This year we have adopted digital first approach
reflecting how we operate as a business. As a result,
while the Annual Report continues to be a core part of
our reporting suite, we have simplified the format and
included links to interactive online content, such as
videos. Please refer to the QR codes throughout the
document. This online material brings to life what we do,
how we do it, and provides you with a better overall
understanding of our business.

spel Online report

2 Scan to go to our online Annual

: Report and Accounts 2021

k . www.gammacommunicationspic.

ata 4 com/AR2021

Chair's overview

Scan to watch a video of our Chair,
Richard Last, talking about our
Partnerships and new Board
appointments.

Chief Executive

Officer's overview

Scan to watcha video of our CEO,
Andrew Taylor, summarising our
performance and growth over 2021

Officer's overview

Scan to watch a video of our CFO,
Andrew Belshaw, discussing our 2021
financial performance.

Chief Financial Dele
1

Environmental overview
Scan to watcha video of our Group
Sustainability Director, Sarah Kirton.
talking about our plans to become
Carbon Net-Zero.

Social overview

Scan to watch a video of our Chief
People Officer, Chris Bradford, talking
about some key People initiatives

This Report contains references to Gamma's website, and other
supporting disclosures located thereon suchas videos. These
references are for readers’ convenience only and information
tacluded on Gamma’s website is not incorporated in, and

does not form part of, this Annual Report.

The Group had a strong
financial performance
with good growth across
all key product categories
during the year. .

Revenue

FAAT 7M +14%

Growth from £393.8m to £447.7m (these figures include acquisitions made)

Profit from operations

F68.3m -10%

Decrease from £75.7m to £68.3m, due to an exceptional gain of £19.6m in 2020 mainly relating to the
disposal of a subsidiary, see note 8

Adjusted EBITDA*

F954m 421%

Growth from £79.0m to £95.4m

Dividend per share

13.29 +13%

Grew from 11.7p to 13.2p

* Alladiusted measures set out throughout this document which are described as “adjusted” represent Alternative Performance
Measures ("APMs") and are defined and reconciled in the Financial Review section and are applied consistently, Where reference
ic mado to adjuctad EPS thie ie ctated on a Fully silutert hasis FN") Aur nalicy nntha use af APMs is included in note 3.

Chair's statement

Richard Last
Chair

2021 has been another good

year for Gamma. The year has been
one of strong strategic execution.

Dividend per share

13.2)

Grew from 11.7p to 13.2p.

+13%

Earnings per share

55.20 17%

Decrease from 66.6p to 55.2p, due to an exceptional gain of £19.6m
in 2020 mainly relating to the disposal of a subsidiary, see note 8

Adjusted earnings per share

64.0p

Grew from 51.3p to 64.09

+25%

Cash generated by operations

£89.8m

Grew from £70.3m to £89.8m

+28%

Chair's overview

Scan to watch a video of our Chair,
Richard Last, talking about our
Partnerships and new Board
appointments.

Overview of results

Group revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 increased by
£53.9m to £447.7m (2020: £393.8m), an increase of 14% on the prior
year. Profit before tax for the year was £67.2m,a decrease of 10%
from the prior year figure of £75.0m; the reduction is driven by the
2020 exceptional gain on the sale of our subsidiary, The Loop (the
fibre business based in Manchester). Adjusted EBITDA for the Group
increased by £16.4m (21%) to £95.4m (2020: £79.0m). Adjusted
items are explained and reconciled in the Financial review and note 3.

Fully diluted earnings per share for the year decreased by 17% to
§5.2p (2020: 66.6p): the prior year figure was increased by the profit
of £19.5m made on the sale of our subsidiary, The Loop. Adjusted
earnings per share (Fully Diluted) for the year increased by 25% to
64.0p (2020: 51.39).

The cash generated by operations for the year was E89.8m
compared to £70.3m in 2020. The closing Net Cash balance for
the year was £49.5m (2020: £48.0m). Itis pleasing to see that this
cash balance has increased despite investing £16.8m on capital
expenditure, £49.3m on acquisitions and paying £11.7m in
dividends. This is testament to a strong focus on cash generation
from management.

Overview of the year
As outlined in this report, the year has been one of strong strategic
execution for Gamma with the following highlights

+ The whole business has continued to respond well to the
ongoing difficulties COVID-19 has brought, we have
demonstrated that we are able to run the business with the vast
majority of our staff working from their homes. We are moving to
hybrid working for some parts of our business which we believe
will ailow us to attract and retain staff.

+ The Group's revenue model has proved robust and its product
set supports businesses which have either had to work remotely
‘or have chosen to do so because they see the advantages of
flexible working patterns.

On3 March 2021 we significantly expanded our software
development capability through the acquisition of Manchester
based Mission Labs. Gamma had been partnering with Mission
Labs for over 18 months on projects such as PhoneLine+. The
acquisition gives Gamma additionai development capabilities in
the rapidly evolving markets of Cloud Contact Centre and Cloud
Communications.

The acquisition also enables us to accelerate our digital strategy.
Mission Labs owns a digitally based voice application CircleLoop
(www.circleloop.com). This is a UCaaS technology platform which
provides a cloud-based telephony product fully serviced through
web, desktop and mobile applications. It is aimed at the micro-

Gamma Communications pic
Annyal Report and Accounts 2021

02

Strategic report Governance report

business market. The fact that we own this capability will enable
US to roil it out in other territories to address a key market
Opportunity in the UK and Europe.

During the year we have increasingly seen the importance of
partnering with Microsoft Teams. We had previously launched a
Microsoft Teams Direct Routing product to our Channel Partners,
making Gamma's market-leading SIP trunks available to
Enterprises which use Microsoft Teams. On 27 September 2021
we announced we had been successful in our efforts to work
with Microsoft to join the Operator Connect for Microsoft Teams
programme. Operator Connectis a new operator-managed
programme from Microsoft designed to enable seamless and
integrated PSTN calling to Teams.

* In July 2021 we launched a product enhancement which allows
users to integrate their Horizon Cloud product with Microsoft Teams.

+ During the first half we launched our Cloud Contact Centre
Product - Horizon Contact. This was developed by our team of
in-house software developers andis a fully integrated additional
module that attaches to our core Horizon Cloud product.

+ We committed to becoming a carbon net-zero business by 2042.

Board and governance

In December 2021, | was pleased to announce two key
appointments which reiterate our focus on developing our senior
leadership capacity, ensuring that we capitalise on Gamma’s
significant growth opportunities.

First, Andrew Belshaw, who has been Chief Financial Officer since
Gamma's IPO in 2014, will be appointed Deputy Chief Executive
from 1 May 2022. He will continue to report to Andrew Taylor and
to be amember of Gamma’s Board of Directors. In this role, Andrew
will take on a range of strategic and operational responsibilities

to support the development and growth of the Group. These
responsibilities will include overseeing aspects of product
management, product development and operations and the
execution of M&A. Andrewwill also oversee Gamma's group people
strategy, ensuring that Gamma attracts and retains great talent
while continuing to be a great place to work.

Taking over from Andrew Belshaw, Bill Castell has been appointed
Chief Financial Officer. Bill will report to Andrew Taylor and will join
the Company and the Board of Directors on1 May 2022. Billis
currently Chief Financial Officer at OVO Energy, the technology-led
green energy business. Before joining OVO Energy in 2020, Bill
spent three years at Virgin Media which he joined as Deputy Chief
Financial Officer and later became acting Chief Financial Officer.
From 2005 to 2017, Bill was at Barclays Bank where he held a number
of senior finance roles including Chief Financial Officer at Barclays
Corporate Bank and Chief Financial Officer of Barclaycard Europe.

We continue to adhere to the QCA Corporate Governance Code
(2018 edition) (the ‘QCA Code’)

Employees

At 31 December 2021, we had 1,745, employees in the Group based
in seven countries (2020:1,530). During the year | was pleased to
welcome the staff of Mission Labs into the Gamma Group.

We encourage all employees to own shares in the Company. For
our UK based employees, we offered a Sharesave scheme for the
fifth year in a row. Once again, it was pleasing to see the high take-up,
with 402 staff choosing to participate in the scheme (2020: 449).
We also runan “Evergreen SIP” scheme which gives employees a
further opportunity to buy shares in the Company ina tax-efficient
way. We are actively exploring ways in which our non-UK based
employees can own Gamma shares.

Financial report Supplementary information

During the year we have found recruitment harder than previously
and we are also seeing inflationary pressure in wages. However, we
continue to see the Gamma culture as a differentiator which allows
us to recruit and retain the talented individuals that we need to drive
the business forwards.

We would like to express our thanks to all of our staff for their dedication,
hard work and enthusiasm.

Dividend

Gamma remains committed toa progressive dividend policy which
has seen the dividend increase by between 10-15% every year
since our IPO in 2014. Gamma has paid one third of the dividend as
an interim dividend with the final two thirds paid as a final dividend
once the results for the full year are known.

The Board is pleased to propose a final dividend, in respect of

the year ended 31 December 2021, of 8.8p per share (2020: 7, 8p),
an increase of 13%, Subject to shareholder approval at the
forthcoming AGM, this dividend will be Payable on Thursday 23
June 2022 to shareholders on the register on Monday 6 June 2022.
When added to the 4.4p interim dividend (2020: 3.99) this would
make a total dividend of 13.2p for the year as a whole (2020: 11.7p).

Environmental

Asa business which enabies other companies to reduce their
Carbon footprint by communicating and collaborating from multiple
sites and thereby reducing the need to travel, we continue to
Challenge ourselves on our own environmental credentials

Over the last 12 months Gamma has made significant progress

in extending its reporting boundary in line with the Streamlined
Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) regulations and has
increased the scope of reporting to include all recent acquisitions
in Europe. Using this extended scope in 2021 Gamma has set its
baseline energy and carbon emissions data which will be used to
support future emissions reduction targets.

!am pleased to announce that Gamma has developed pian for
carbon reduction which allows us to commit to moving froma
Carbon Neutral business to become a carbon net-zero business
by 2042, supporting both the Paris Treaty’s aims to limit the
temperature increase to 1.5°C globally by 2050 and the

UN Sustainable Development Goal 13: Climate Action.

Current trading and outlook

Gamma will continue to concentrate its efforts and investment to
develop a product set which facilitates flexible working for businesses
Of all sizes, building on an already strong reputation for operational
excellence and service quality. We will also partner with organisations
such as Microsoft (Teams) and Amazon (Amazon Connect) to provide
solutions to our Enterprise and Public Sector customers,

Our business is confined to the countries in which we operate. We
therefore are not expecting a significant direct impact on our results
Caused by the war in Ukraine. Our sympathies are with all those who.
are affected by the conflict, and | am proud of the Gamma family who
are raising funds to support those affected.

We have had a positive start to the year following the pre and post
Christmas lock down periods in most countries and the Board is
Positive about the outlook for the Group in 2022 and beyond.

We believe that more and more businesses of all sizes are seeing
the advantages of UCaaS and we expect to see continuous growth
in UCaaS product sal

Richard Last
Chair

21 March 2022

Gamma Communic.
Aca Reger ang

The Gamma business

Supporting business
acceleration

Our differentiators

Gamma's financial performance
reinforced by our robust
business model

el
We believe we are a truly
different and unique
communications service
provider anditis these five
areas that set us apart from
other businesses

Product and network quality

Channel automation

Digital platforms

Commercial agility

Our people

Opportunities

+ New UcaaS products

+ Newchannel development
+ Technology acquisitions

+ New routes to market
acquisitions

How we create value

collaborative

Strong Business Model- with high visibility and quality
of earnings through 2021 and beyond

We offer
flexible

Core purpose: We provide
Working smarter, end-to-end

together. control

We deliver
connected

Our product categcries

A developer and provider of
UCaa$, CCaa&, voice, data and
mobile communication services.

ad

Unified Communications
Our award-winning range of
Unified Communications
products enables businesses to
raise productivity, boost agility
and increase collaboration
From messaging and video
calling to instant conference
services, we help reduce costs
and operational complexity
while increasing employee
engagement.

>

SIP trunking and call
management

With the UK's leading SIP
trunking service we give
businesses a more versatile,
resilient phone service at less
cost. Gamma SIP trunks come
with powerful business
continuity features plus
exceptional inbound call
management functionality.

O 4 Gamma Communications pic
Apnyai Reoort and Accounts 2021

Strategic report

Gamma is a leading technology-based
provider of communication services to the
business market in Western Europe via our
extensive network of trusted channel partners

and also directly.

Governance report Financial report

digital-first approach and

Supplementary information

The combination of network investment, a
in-house development
skills has enabled Gamma to develop a
comprehensive portfolio of communications
services with a significant amount of intellectual

property, which has given us a heritage of
disrupting the market with innovative and
market-leading cloud-based services such
as SIP trunking and UCaas$ in the UK.

Mobile

Our business-only mobile
service features flexible tariffs
and powerful bolt-ons. When
combined with Gamma’s Unified
Communications services,
employees can keep working
wherever they are, remaining
‘always-on’ to customers.

How we sell

We supply a broad range of simplified communications and
software services to small, medium and large sized business
customers, both through our large network of channel partners
and directly.

a

Proportion of sales
60% UK Indirect

Our primary route to market, the channel is at the
heart of what we do. We provide market-leading
Products to 1,000+ channel partners, with an
exceptional service wrap.

UK Direct

Our Direct business supports the requirements
of Enterprises and Public Sector organisations
looking to contract with the network operator.

24%

European

Our European businesses sell both directly and
through the channel consisting of sales in the
Netherlands, Spain and Germany.

16%

2

Connectivity

Our high-performance
connectivity products deliver
outstanding speeds combined
with robust security and
resilience measures; from
broadband and Ethernet to
advanced WAN services, we
provide businesses with the
customisable connectivity they
need to grow.

DCEO statement
Page 10

Market trends

The future of business communications:

* The opportunity for UX and CX to win in the Experience Economy
+ Hybrid here to stay

* Fundamentais are more important than ever

Market trends
Page 06

Outputs

Addressing multiple indirect
direct and digital channels,
driving growth opportunities
across all business market
segments

Shareholders

115%

Total shareholder return
over three years”

Our people

1,745

employees in seven
countries

Customers
Innovative
UCaaS

solutions

Suppliers

£277m

Spent over £277m
perannum

*.Asat 31 December 2021

s172 statement
Page 30

Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Market trends

The future of business
communications

Gamma provides business communication services that are flexible,
scalable and secure to meet today's and tomorrow's challenges.
Underpinning the business and user trends are a number of technology
and industry directions that support the overall changes in how

businesses operate.

—

weve THE OPpOrtunity for UX and CX
to win in the Experience Economy

Consumer buying behaviours and
expectations around service have changed
drastically over the past few years. They
expect a seamless, easy and intuitive user
experience (UX), and are making decisions
on purchases based on experiences rather
than goods.

This is adding to what has been called the
Experience Economy, which is projected
to be worth $12bn by 2023. More than two
thirds of businesses now compete on the
basis of customer experience (CX) -3
competition that is driving businesses to
transform in order to remain relevant, avoid
commoditisation and take advantage of
the opportunity.

Gamma's response

Gamma understands the importance of

CX and UX to differentiate in the Experience
Economy, and has, therefore, significantly
increased our ‘nvesiment 17 Dot

Ir coe ‘ast 24 months, we have invested
significantly «9 both oeop'e and toois 10
batter understanc our customer and user
needs. to help us to make more niormec
deorsions about designing intuitive solutions
to solve customer ovoblems and:n ture.

19 dulld products that empower people to
zormmunicate and work smarter, together.

Ip 2029 we formed the Gamma CX function.
demonstrating the importance of designing
intended UX and CX as part of the Gamma
grodict and rechnology strategy The team
covers severa: ‘oles that are essential to
supporting successful software design.
acluding orod.ict owners, dusines:

anaiysis. UX designers and researchers,
and aigital contert designers.

In addition to a highiy sailled team. we've
deployed 2 range of :ocls to dul'd our
customer insignt. Utlising qualitative aed
Quantitative data we can better uncerstand
the UX and critically drive wnprovements

wn our product ang process design

We have also built the canaotlity to un
extensive researcn activities from surveys
through to moderated arc unmoderated
testing of aroduc:s with an emohasis on

prototype tes! WS 4S tO Ouild
prototyoes quickly ana at ow cost so that
we can tnen lest with ses to capture early

an

feedback that can inture oe re!
Our OrOGUCt designs

Gamma nas seena aice range 9! benefits
aS a result of this aparoac> analytics have
allowed us to idenuy customer pain points
and iterate the product design to morove
usaollity and accessibility: early prototyping
allows us to test user reaction te our oroducts
and refine the designs @ scaly, at low cost
and without distracting deve!opment teas
We've also seen a much greater focus on
data-driven decision making as a result OF
research and empricai cata, e've seer
cultural Denerits Of 0..f fears learning new
skills and allowing for increased collaboration,

We are excited io pass on the benefits of
our increasing investment in CX and UX
to our channel gartners and ssers

06

Gamma Communications ple
Annuai Report ard Accounts 2021

Strategic report

Governance report

Financial report

Supplementary information

a
: Hybrid here to stay

Market trend:

The end of the pandemic appears to be in
sight. Yet, the world will be moving on with
lasting change. Ina recent survey by the
Office of National Statistics 85% of adults
currently homeworking wanted to use a
“hybrid” approach of both home and office
working in future*. Many organisations, large
and small, will need to adapt to a hybrid
working culture, enabling employees to
continue to benefit from the work life balance
they have come to vaiue, as well as enjoying
time back in the office with colleagues

Despite many businesses transforming the
way they work quickly, and with some even
reporting a rise in productivity, having a
dispersed workforce split between remote
and office-based leads to new challenges
in how employees collaborate and work.

Businesses need to ensure that those

who prefer to work remotely have the same
experience and opportunities as their
office-based colleagues. In this light, cloud
communications technology will play a vital
role in the way businesses enable their
employees to collaborate and communicate
efficiently, regardless of their location.

Gamma’s response

As one of the !eading providers of UCaaS

in the UK ang Europe for 20 years, Gamma

's well positioned to support businesses in the
transition to a full hybrid working environment.

Our comprehensive portfolio of
communications solutions and services allows
us to cater for the short and tong-term
needs of a variety of ousinesses, adapting to
their challenges and requirements.

In 2021. Gamma continued to work closely
with Microsoft to deliver enhanced calling
capabilities within Teams Building on our
Position as the UK's No.! SIP provider and
the acquisition of Exactive, we were proud
to join the Operator Connect for Microsoft
Teams programme

Operator Conneci, a new operator-managed
programme from Microsoft designed to
enable seamless and integrated PSTN calling
to Teams allows us to deliver a retiable and
secure service to easily maximise value
from thei Microsoft Teams environment.

In addition, Gamma also deepened its
interconnection with Microsoft’s

applications with an enhancement to its
Direct Routing proposition and a new PBX
integration for Microsoft Teams.

Building on the oreviously released Direct
Routing for Microsoft Teams proposition,
we expanded the solution to automate
and simplify the orovisioning experence
with the launch of the Gamma voice
application. We also launched Horizon
for Microsoft Teams, a bolt-on solution to
Horizon bringing the features of Gamma’s
leading dusiness-grade cioud PBX within
the Microsoft Teams environment

Our wide range of products to enable
Microsoft Teams calling allows us to
deliver tailored solutions for our customers
and thew team, giving them flexibity and
adapting to their ousiness requirements

The acdition of these solut‘ons to our
orifolto. coupled with our Managed Services
solution and our 15 years’ experience
enabiing voice solutions for Microsoft
Teams, derfecty positions Gamma to neio
‘our custorners navigate the challenges

of hydrid working and to offer our channet
darters different routes to market.

8. eee
Y Fundamentals are more

important than ever

Market trend:

With 90% of enterprises having at least
‘one application or part of it in the cloud

in 2020**, the need for stable, reliable and
secure connectivity and bandwidth has
never been more important.

Uninterrupted and good quality access, the
fundamental of any cloud-based application,
is now simply expected by business users
and their clients. They require an infrastructure
provider that is able to maintainaccess to
cloud-based applications, irrespective of
whether that application supports video,
voice or simply document sharing.

Moreover, as many people continue to work
away from the office, whether at home or on
the road, mobile connectivity has grown in
popularity for businesses hoping to deliver
the same experience to their employees,
regardless of location.

Reliability of service, coupled with
consistent, quality support, has become a
key differentiator in the cloud communications
market, as businesses simply can't afford
any downtime and require a provider that
can support through challenging and
transformational times.

Gamma‘s response
Gamma fully understands the importance
of connectivity to ensure application quality
and efficiency

Built on the Sack of our strong network.
Our fixed and mobile connectvity products
deliver fast. secure and reliable access, no
matter the operational size. This «s supported
by our highly-skilled group of UK-based
support staff and engineers, ready to help
ifa problem were to occur.

In 2021 we strengthened our vartnership
with Three UK to enhance our Gamma
Mobile service. Gamma Mobile customers
can now benefit from 99% outdoor coverage
and the fastest 5G network in the UK***

The service allows businesses to give their
employees the capabilily lu seamlessly
work on the move to a similar standard they
would experience in the office.

Inaddition, Gamma also expanded our
Access dort folio to include Single Order
Generic Ethernei Access (SoGEA} broadband
to responc to the changes in the UK telecom
infrastructure due to the PSTN Switch Off

Customer service also continues to 9¢
fundamental to achieving our mission to
provide straightforward cloud
communication and collaboration services
for business Our Net Promoter Score (NPS)
results are consistently above industry
average. and we continuously stave io
deliver service excellence

Moreover, beyond the day-to-day customer
service Support. we are proud to support our
customers and partners through challenging
and unprecedented times, as demonstrated
by our Supoort and Recovery Packages
launched to help channel businesses
weather the COVID-19 storm.

* Business and individual attitudes towards the
future of homeworking, UK: April to May 2021
Office for National Statistics (ons. gov.uk).

** 451 Research

*** According to Ookia. 2021.

Gamma Communications pie
ai i Accounts 2027

Q7

Our stories

ur key stories

Mission Labs is
accelerating Gamma's
ability to take advantage
of the transforming market

Customer demands and behaviours have grown and changed in
recent years. With digital channels becoming more prominent
during the pandemic, customers expect to communicate with
businesses, whenever they want and via the communication
channel of their choice. With a rise in customer interactions taking
place in public forums such as social media platforms, customer
experience has never been more crucial and the latest contact centre
technology can play an important part in the success of an organisation

Gamma acquired Mission Labs in March 2021, which has brought
the Company leading capabilities in the rapidly evolving markets of
Cloud Contact Centre and Cloud Communications.

Mission Labs has been working with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
since 2016, helping clients to bring the future of business
communications and customer experience with AWS cloud-based
and serverless technologies.

Mission Labs is an approved Amazon Connect Service Delivery
Partner, and an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner, recognising
its successful track record and experience in designing, building
and supporting AWS-based solutions for clients. Mission Labs
works with a large range of AWS services - Amazon Connect in
particular - enabling its team to deliver powerful, client-specific
solutions which improve efficiency, reduce costs and supercharge
customer experience

Mission Labs and AWS work together to identify opportunities to
help organisations improve customer-centricity. and to leverage
the benefits of the world’s most comprehensive and broadly
adopted cloud platform.

©) Market trend 1
Page 06

Gamma provides
calling capabilities
for Microsoft Teams

Building on over 15 years’ experience in delivering voice solutions
for Microsoft, Gamma was pleased to have been chosen as one of
a select number of providers in the Operator Connect for Microsoft
Teams programme.

The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated Unified Communications (UC)
technology adoption in 2021 seeing Microsoft Teams growits user
base to over 270 million monthly active users. However, only
fraction of those users are leveraging Teams ' calling capabilities.

Microsoft has worked to enable seamiess and integrated PSTN
calling to Teams by designing anew operator-managed
programme, Operator Connect.

Gamma's inclusion in the programme streamlines calling
capabilities for Teams users by bridging the gap between their
Teams environment and Gamme as their operator.

The addition of Operator Connect further enhances Gamma's
existing Microsoft Teams telephony offering for its customers and
channel partners, with the Company aiready enabling Teams seats
across the Group via its Microsoft Teams Direct Routing and
managed service offering, Cloud UCX™.

Gamma’s growth in delivering Microsoft Teams telephony was
built on the combination of the acquisition of Exactive in 2020,
and Gamma's market-leading SIP trunking service.

© Market trend 2
Page 07

Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

08

Strategic report Governance report

Gamma awarded Best
Lockdown Project/Initiative at
CRN Channel! Awards 2021

Gamma's primary route to market, the channel, is at the heart of
what we do. We provide market-leading products to 1,000+ channel
partners, with an exceptional service wrap.

Demonstrating the Company's continued loyalty and commitment
to its partners and customers, Gamma was recognised by the CRN
Channel Awards for the Best Lockdown Project/initiative.

The CRN Channel Awards celebrates the latest technology
innovations and advancements and recognises the ingenuity and
exceptional achievements of the UK channel industry over the year.

The Best Lockdown Project/initiative award recognised the
innovation and exceptional support that companies have
demonstrated during the pandemic. Gamma’s award entry focused
on the two packages it developed to assist partners and their end
customers during the pandemic

Gamma launched the Support and Recovery Packages in 2020,
to help channet businesses and customers weather the COVID-19
storm, with a raft of immediate and practical measures to assist
them during the challenging times

The Packages allowed Gamma partners to hibernate customers
(i.e., temporarily pause their contracts) or to provide homeworking
capability without charge from Gamma

Gamma was recognised for the project, and hopes that the initiative
took some of the financial burden away from channel partners and
users who may have been suffering the effects of the lockdown.

Gamma celebrates National
Customer Service Week

For the third consecutive year, Gamma celebrated National
Customer Service Week (NCSW) across its UK businesses.

Held between Monday 4 to Friday 8 October, NCSW is a week-long
opportunity to raise awareness of customer service and the vital
role it plays in successful business practice and the growth of the
UK economy.

Throughout the week, Gamma recognised its customer service
heroes and the great work they do for customers and partners with
a series of themes spanning the changing world of work, through
to strategy and leadership.

Providing great customer service is key to Gamma's mission. We
offer 24/7 support and technical help, and assign customer service
managers to each account giving a consistent point of contact
within Gamma.

Gamma also offers a service scheme to allow customers to choose
the level of service required to match the right support in place
whatever the end customer needs. Our services and support
infrastructures are co-located meaning that end users get through
to the right person to handle the query.

As the world continues to be unpredictable, Gamma will continue
to keep customer satisfaction paramount to its mission

D Market trend 3
Page 07

Financial report Supplementary information

Gamma to deploy
recycled Eco-SIM
across its network
of channel partners
and business mobile
customers

Supporting the Company's long-term commitment
to safeguarding the environment, Gamma has
expanded its partnership with Thales, a global
technology business, to deploy Eco-SIM across its
network of channel partners and business mobile
customers.

With 4.5 billion SIM cards produced every year -
amassing to 20,000 tons of plastic - Thales’ Eco-SIM,
developed in partnership with Veolia, is made from
100% recycled polystyrene recovered from discarded
refrigerators. This step in the Thales-Gamma
partnership acts as a force for sustainability within
the telecoms market, offering a green plastic supply
flow to Gamma.

Gamma is a certified Carbon Neutral company and
continues to look for ways to build upon its ESG
strategy. Thales’ carbon offsetting programme
ensures its Eco-SIM is certified Carbon Neutral, and
as a result, further supports Gamma’s ESG strategy.

and the adoption of the UN Sustainable Development
Goals announced in January 2020.

Thales has thus far provided SIM cards and related
services to Gamma, delivering SIM applications

and device management services since 2016. The
switch to Eco-SIM provides an opportunity for both
companies to enhance their ecological transformation
and contribution to a circular economy.

Traditional SIM cards consume nearly 20,000 tons
of PVC every year, but these new Eco-SIM will save
nearly 5,000 metric tonnes of virgin plastic every year.

Sesc
Page 36

Gamma Communications pic
Amual Report and Accounts 2027

09

Chief Executive Officer's statement

Andrew Taylor
CEO

We have delivered strong results,

and while executing very well against our
short-term business and financial objectives,
we have continued to invest widely across
our business and make significant
progress against our strategic objectives.

Chief Executive

Officer's overview

Scan to watcha video of our CEO,
Andrew Taylor, summarising our
performance and growth over 2021

‘Oo
Mi

lam pleased to report another excellent set of financial results for
2021 and to highlight the great progress that we have made in the
development and execution of our shorter term operational and
longer term strategic objectives

Despite the very strong performance, the year was once again
impacted by the pandemic, and! am very pleased with how the
whole Group responded to the challenges and opportunities that
this presented. At some point in the year, each country in which
we operate was in lockdown, and although our overall business
performance was very robust, both our direct and indirect partner
sales efforts were impacted to some degree.

The level of support and engagement from all our staff and key
stakeholders has been excellent throughout, and | want to give my
thanks and gratitude to the entire Gamma team for how they have
responded to what has been a challenging but highly successful year.

Development of our UCaa$S suite

1am delighted with the continued investment and progress we
have made throughout 2021, to both expand and strengthen

our technology, platforms, products and services, and delivery
capabilities across Gamma. As our Chair has set outin his report,
we released a number of our in-house developed UCaaS products
and services in 2021 which complement our growing UCaaS.
portfolio. Gamma partners and end-customers can now purchase:

+ Our core market-leading Cloud PBX product - Horizon

Horizon Call recording —a fully integrated product with Horizon

Horizon Collaborate a fully integrated product to Horizon which
adds a suite of additional features including instant messaging
and video conferencing

Horizon Contact - also fully integrated with Horizon, this CCaaS
product was designed for informal cail centres but has
functionality which will support any user who needs omnichannel
capability (ie. e-mail, social media, web chat, text, etc.)

+ PhoneLine+ which is 2 cloud-based product designed to enable
partners and end-customers to replace a single telephone line,
which presents a significant market opportunity over the next
2-3 years.

lam very happy to report that the attachment rates to our core
Horizon Cloud PBX are 20% for new sales of Horizon Collaborate
and 10% for Horizon Contact which is very pleasing and making an
increasing contribution to ARPU levels. Our strategy is very much
focused on maintaining and driving higher attachment levels with
both new, and importantly, existing Horizon customers. This will
enable us to grow current ARPU levels, while ensuring that we
provide an opportunity for channel partners to up-sell and
cross-sell additional features and functionality to end-users.

Partnering with global providers

Gamma differs from pure providers of UCaaS software because
we have the capability in each of the countries in which we operate
to send and receive calls from the public telephone network. This
enables us to not only provide the UCaaS product set which is used
by our customers. but we can also provide high quality voice calls.
Our ability to provide both sets of services is important to
customers who need quality and reliability alongside functionality.

Many providers of UCaaS software do not have this capability and
hence they partner with an organisation like Gamma to ensure that
their customers can get the best from their software. Whilst
Gamma works with organisations like 8x8, Vonage and Five9 to
provide these services, we also focus on two partnerships which
have developed strongly during 2021 - Amazon and Microsoft.

Gamma Communications pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

10