Disclaimer* GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd 17 September 2026 GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited ("GCP Infra" or the "Company") LEI 213800W64MNATSIV5Z47 New directorship notification under Listing Rule 6.4.9 (2) 17 September 2026 GCP Infra hereby gives notification, p ursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.9 (2), that Steven Wilderspin, Non-Executive Director of the Board of the Company, has been appointed, with effect from 17 September 2026 , as a Non-Executive Director of Foresight Environmental Infrastructure Limited, a company listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange . For further information, please contact: Gravis Capital Management Limited Philip Kent Robyn MacHugh Cameron Gardner +44 (0)20 3405 8500 RBC Capital Markets Elizabeth Evans Sahil Suleman +44 (0)20 7653 4000 Canaccord Genuity Limited Edward Gibson-Watt Stuart Andrews Elizabeth Halley-Stott +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Nick Croysdill Henry Wilson +44 (0)20 7466 5000 Notes to Editors About GCP Infra GCP Infra is a closed-ended investment company and FTSE-250 constituent whose shares are traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. Its objective is to provide shareholders with regular, sustained, long-term distributions and to preserve capital over the long term by generating exposure to UK infrastructure debt and related and/or similar assets. The Company primarily targets investments in infrastructure projects with long term, public sector-backed, availability-based revenues. Where possible, investments are structured to benefit from partial inflation protection. GCP Infra is advised by Gravis Capital Management Limited. GCP Infra has been awarded with the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in recognition of its contribution to positive environmental outcomes. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd (GCP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Trufin 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and