BETA Close X GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited has announced its total voting rights as of September 1, 2026. The company currently has 884,797,669 ordinary shares in issue, with 122,683,541 held in treasury. For regulatory reporting purposes, excluding treasury shares, the market should consider 762,114,128 voting rights when determining notification requirements for interests or changes in interests in the company. Disclaimer* GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd 01 September 2026 GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited ("GCP Infra" or the "Company") LEI: 213800W64MNATSIV5Z47 Total Voting Rights 1 September 2026 In conformity with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1R, GCP Infra would like to notify the market of the following: As at 28 August 2026, the Company has in issue 884,797,669 ordinary shares of which 122,683,541 are held in treasury. For reporting purposes under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules the market should exclude any shares held in treasury and should use the figure of 762,114,128 voting rights when determining if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company. For further information, please contact: Gravis Capital Management Limited Philip Kent Robyn MacHugh Cameron Gardner +44 (0)20 3405 8500 RBC Europe Limited Elizabeth Evans Sahil Suleman +44 (0)20 7653 4000 Canaccord Genuity Limited Edward Gibson-Watt Stuart Andrews Elizabeth Halley-Stott +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Nick Croysdill Henry Wilson +44 (0)20 7466 5000 Notes to the Editor About GCP Infra: GCP Infra is a closed-ended investment company and FTSE-250 constituent whose shares are traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. Its objective is to provide shareholders with regular, sustained, long-term distributions and to preserve capital over the long term by generating exposure to UK infrastructure debt and related and/or similar assets. The Company primarily targets investments in infrastructure projects with long term, public sector-backed, availability-based revenues. Where possible, investments are structured to benefit from partial inflation protection. GCP Infra is advised by Gravis Capital Management Limited. GCP Infra has been awarded with the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in recognition of its contribution to positive environmental outcomes. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd (GCP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 1 hour ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 3 hours ago Staffline Group 4 hours ago Shell 4 hours ago Genedrive All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and