BETA Close X GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited has received approximately £31.5 million from the full prepayment of a loan secured against UK renewable energy projects, which was originally due in June 2035. This early repayment, which is in line with the company's valuation as of June 30, 2026, involved one of GCP Infra's lower-returning investments, relative to the company's average annualised portfolio interest rate of 8.0%. The proceeds will be allocated according to the company's published policy, with excess cash to be used for share buybacks given the current discount to net asset value. The company also confirmed that a supported social housing disposal is expected to complete in the coming months and its revolving credit facility remains fully undrawn. Disclaimer* GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd 17 August 2026 GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited ("GCP Infra" or the "Company") LEI: 213800W64MNATSIV5Z47 Prepayment proceeds of c. £31.5 million received 17 August 2026 Prepayment The Company is pleased to announce that a borrower to which the Company has extended a loan secured against a portfolio of operational renewable energy projects in the UK (the "Loan") has repaid in full the c. £31.5 million outstanding under the Loan. The original maturity of the Loan was June 2035, but repayment was brought forward by agreement with the Company following a change of control. This is materially in line with the valuation of such investment incorporated into the Company's net asset value as at 30 June 2026. The Loan was one of the Company's lower returning investments, relative to the Company's average annualised portfolio interest rate of 8.0% as at 30 June 2026. Cash proceeds of the repayment will be used in line with the Company's published capital allocation policy. The Company also confirms that, in line with the announcement on 20 July 2026, the supported social housing disposal is still expected to complete in the coming months, and that the Company's revolving credit facility ("RCF") remains fully undrawn. Capital allocation Any excess cash balance will continue to be applied in accordance with the framework that the Company has set out for use of cash. At the prevailing discount at which the Company's ordinary shares trade to the Company's net asset value per ordinary share, such excess cash balance will be used to continue the Company's share buyback programme. For further information please contact: Gravis Capital Management Limited Philip Kent Robyn MacHugh Cameron Gardner +44 (0)20 3405 8500 RBC Capital Markets Matthew Coakes Elizabeth Evans Sahil Suleman +44 (0)20 7653 4000 Canaccord Genuity Limited Edward Gibson-Watt Stuart Andrews Elizabeth Halley-Stott +44 (0)20 75 23 8000 Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Henry Wilson Nick Croysdill +44 (0)20 7466 5000 Notes to the Editor About GCP Infra GCP Infra is a closed-ended investment company and FTSE-250 constituent. Its shares are traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. The Company's objective is to provide shareholders with regular, sustained, long-term distributions and to preserve capital over the long term by generating exposure to UK infrastructure debt and related and/or similar assets. The Company primarily targets investments in infrastructure projects with long term, public sector-backed, availability-based revenues. Where possible, investments are structured to benefit from partial inflation protection. GCP Infra is advised by Gravis Capital Management Limited. GCP Infra has been awarded with the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in recognition of its contribution to positive environmental outcomes. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd (GCP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and