BETA Close X GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited has released its quarterly investor update as of June 30, 2026, reporting a net asset value of 98.60 pence per ordinary share and a diversified portfolio of 47 investments valued at £810.4 million, with a weight-adjusted average annualised yield of 8.0%. The company's net debt position has decreased to approximately £11.0 million, with no amounts currently drawn under its revolving credit facility, and it repurchased 19,086,178 ordinary shares during the quarter. Significant capital events include £40.0 million in cash proceeds from third-party debt financing for solar projects, £3.0 million from the sale of an AD project, and £10.3 million in day one cash proceeds from the sale of two wind projects at a premium to valuation. Disclaimer* GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd 03 August 2026 GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited ("GCP Infra" or the "Company") LEI 213800W64MNATSIV5Z47 Quarterly investor update 3 August 2026 GCP Infra is pleased to announce the publication of its investor report, which is available at www.gcpinfra.co.uk . At 30 June 2026: • The net asset value was, as previously announced, 98.60 pence per ordinary share; • The Company was exposed to a diversified and partially inflation protected portfolio of 47 investments with an unaudited valuation of £810.4 million; and • The portfolio had a weight-adjusted average annualised yield of 8.0%, principal outstanding of £876.6 million and an average life of 11 years. Capital allocation At 30 June 2026, the Company had £24.0 million (31 March 2026: £27.0 million) outstanding under its RCF, representing a net debt position of c. £11.0 million (31 March 2026: c. £17.0 million). At the time of writing, the Company has no amounts drawn under its RCF. The Company bought back 19,086,178 ordinary shares in the quarter. On 30 June 2026, the Company announced the completion of the introduction of third-party debt financing to a portfolio of ground-mounted solar photovoltaic projects in which the Company is invested (the "Transaction"). The Transaction generated total cash proceeds of c. £40.0 million for the Company. On 8 July 2026, the Company announced the completion of the sale of an AD project in Northern Ireland for proceeds of c. £3.0 million, by one of the Company's borrowers. On 20 July 2026, the Company announced the completion of the sale of two operational onshore wind projects, Winscales Moor and Burton Wold (the "Projects"). The disposal occurred at a c. 13% premium to the valuation of the Projects previously included in the Company's NAV. Day one cash proceeds of c. £10.3 million have been generated, with a further c. £0.8 million of tax-related proceeds expected imminently, and c. £0.6 million of deferred proceeds. Portfolio The Company is pleased with the uptake by shareholders of its investor portal (the "Portal"), providing shareholders with granular information on the Company's investment portfolio. The Portal has been updated to incorporate the latest quarterly valuation. Any shareholder who would like access to the Portal should e-mail carapace@graviscapital.com . For further information, please contact: Gravis Capital Management Limited Philip Kent Robyn MacHugh Cameron Gardner +44 (0)20 3405 8500 RBC Capital Markets Matthew Coakes Elizabeth Evans Sahil Suleman +44 (0)20 7653 4000 Canaccord Genuity Limited Edward Gibson-Watt Stuart Andrews Elizabeth Halley-Stott +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Henry Wilson Nick Croysdill +44 (0)20 7466 5000 Notes to the Editor About GCP Infra GCP Infra is a closed-ended investment company and FTSE-250 constituent, its shares are traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. The Company's objective is to provide shareholders with regular, sustained, long-term distributions and to preserve capital over the long term by generating exposure to UK infrastructure debt and related and/or similar assets. The Company primarily targets investments in infrastructure projects with long term, public sector-backed, availability-based revenues. Where possible, investments are structured to benefit from partial inflation protection. GCP Infra is advised by Gravis Capital Management Limited. GCP Infra has been awarded with the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in recognition of its contribution to positive environmental outcomes. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd (GCP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and