BETA Close X GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited has completed the sale of two onshore wind projects, Winscales Moor and Burton Wold, for approximately £11 million, achieving a 13% premium to their March 31, 2026 valuation. The disposal generated £10.3 million in day one cash proceeds, with an additional £0.8 million in tax-related proceeds and £0.6 million in deferred proceeds expected. This sale reduces the company's exposure to the onshore wind sector, aligning with its capital allocation policy, while a supported social housing disposal expected in the coming months will repay £47 million of loans. The company's revolving credit facility remains undrawn, and any excess cash will be used for share buybacks at the prevailing discount to net asset value. Disclaimer* GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd 20 July 2026 GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited ("GCP Infra" or the "Company") LEI: 213800W64MNATSIV5Z47 Onshore wind sale for approximately £11 million 20 July 2026 Onshore wind disposal Further to the Company's announcement on the 30 June 2026 (the "Announcement"), the Company is pleased to announce the completion of the sale of two operational onshore wind projects, Winscales Moor and Burton Wold, with total generating capacity of c. 26.5MW (the "Projects"). The disposal occurred at a c. 13% premium to the valuation of the Projects included in the Company's net asset value at 31 March 2026. The disposal proceeds are made up of a day one consideration, and deferred consideration elements, the payments of which are linked to milestones. Day one cash proceeds of c. £10.3 million have been generated, with a further c. £0.8 million of tax-related proceeds expected imminently, and c. £0.6 million of deferred proceeds. The cash proceeds will be used in line with the Company's published capital allocation policy. The disposal has reduced the Company's exposure to equity-like interests in the onshore wind sector, in accordance with the stated objectives of the capital allocation policy. The supported social housing disposal that will repay c.£47m of loans continues to progress , with completion expected in the coming months. The Company's revolving credit facility ("RCF") remains fully undrawn. Capital allocation Any excess cash balance will continue to be applied in accordance with the framework that the Company has set out for use of cash. At the prevailing discount at which the Company's ordinary shares trade to the Company's net asset value per ordinary share, such excess cash balance will be used to continue the Company's share buyback programme. For further information please contact: Gravis Capital Management Limited Philip Kent Robyn MacHugh Cameron Gardner +44 (0)20 3405 8500 RBC Capital Markets Matthew Coakes Elizabeth Evans Sahil Suleman +44 (0)20 7653 4000 Canaccord Genuity Limited Edward Gibson-Watt Stuart Andrews Elizabeth Halley-Stott +44 (0)20 75 23 8000 Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Henry Wilson Nick Croysdill +44 (0)20 7466 5000 Notes to the Editor About GCP Infra GCP Infra is a closed-ended investment company and FTSE-250 constituent. Its shares are traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. The Company's objective is to provide shareholders with regular, sustained, long-term distributions and to preserve capital over the long term by generating exposure to UK infrastructure debt and related and/or similar assets. The Company primarily targets investments in infrastructure projects with long term, public sector-backed, availability-based revenues. Where possible, investments are structured to benefit from partial inflation protection. GCP Infra is advised by Gravis Capital Management Limited. GCP Infra has been awarded with the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in recognition of its contribution to positive environmental outcomes. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd (GCP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 11 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and