Disclaimer* IG Group Holdings plc 08 April 2026 IG Group Holdings plc L EI No : 2 1 3 8 0 0 3 A 5 Q 1 M7 A N OU D 7 6 8 April 2026 IG Group Holdings plc (the "Company") Publication of Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting The Company announces that its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be held at 10:00 BST on Tuesday, 19 May 2026 at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London, EC4R 2YA. In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1 and DTR 6.3.5, copies of the following documents, which are being sent to shareholders, will today be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism, and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism : · Annual Report and Accounts for the seven months ended 31 December 2025 ("Annual Report"); · Notice of the 2026 AGM ("Notice of AGM"); · Form of Proxy for the AGM. The Annual Report and Notice of AGM are also available to view on the Company's website using the following links: · Annual Report: https://annualreport.iggroup.com/31December2025 · Notice of AGM: iggroup.com/investors/shareholder-information/general-meetings Printed copies of the above documents will be posted to shareholders who have elected to receive hard copies. Information required under the Disclosure & Transparency Rules ("DTR") Information required to be communicated in unedited full text is included in the Annual Report. The information contained in this announcement or the Company's results announcement issued on 19 March 2026, which can be found at www.iggroup.com , are not substitutes for reading the Annual Report. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R(1A). Company Secretariat Investor Relations Media Aurelia Gibbs Martin Price Sodali & Co 020 7896 0011 020 7573 0020 020 7100 6451 cosec@ig.com investors@ig.com iggroup@client.sodali.com About IG IG Group Holdings plc ("the Group") is a FTSE 100 financial technology company operating at the intersection of retail trading, technology and capital markets. Through its trusted brands - IG, tastytrade, Freetrade and Independent Reserve - the Group serves over 1.3 million customers worldwide, providing leveraged trading, stock trading and investments, and cryptocurrency trading via its proprietary platforms. For more information, visit www.iggroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies IG Group Holdings (IGG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 3 hours ago Beacon Energy NPV 16 hours ago NCC Group 17 hours ago AVI Japan Opportunity Trust 17 hours ago Canal+ SA All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and