Disclaimer* IG Group Holdings plc 07 October 2026 LEI No: 2138003A5Q1M7ANOUD76 07 October 2026 Notice of capital markets event As announced on 30 July, IG Group Holdings plc ("IG") will host a Strategy Update for investors and analysts on Thursday 22 October 2026, from 2.00pm to 4.00pm (BST). The event will be held at UBS, 5 Broadgate, London EC2M 2QS, with the option to join in person or watch via webcast. To register for in person attendance or the webcast, please use the link below: IG Group | Registration | Strategy Update To dial in to the conference call, please use the details below: UK toll free: 0808 109 0700 UK-wide: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 USA local: +1 786 697 3501 USA toll free: 866 580 3963 Quote ‘IG Group’ to gain access. Presentation materials will be made available on IG's investor relations website following the event at https://www.iggroup.com/investor-relations . Underdog seminar As previously announced, IG will also host a virtual shareholder seminar focused on Underdog on Thursday 8 October 2026, from 2.00pm to 3.15pm (BST). Underdog is the US daily fantasy sports and prediction markets business that IG agreed to acquire on 30 July 2026, subject to regulatory approvals. The seminar offers a dedicated opportunity to explore the business in greater detail ahead of the Strategy Update. To register for the webcast or conference call, please use the links below: IG Group | Webcast | Shareholder Seminar: Underdog IG Group | Conference call | Shareholder Seminar: Underdog Presentation materials will be made available on IG's investor relations website following the event at https://www.iggroup.com/investor-relations . Enquiries Investor Relations Martin Price 020 7573 0020 investors@iggroup.com Media Sodali & Co 020 7100 6451 iggroup@client.sodali.com About IG IG Group (LSEG:IGG) is a FTSE 100 financial technology company operating at the intersection of retail trading, technology and capital markets. Through its trusted brands - IG, tastytrade, Freetrade, Independent Reserve and IG Prime - the Group serves over 1.4 million customers worldwide, providing leveraged trading, stock trading and investments, and cryptocurrency trading via its proprietary platforms. For more information visit iggroup.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies IG Group Holdings (IGG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 3 hours ago Beacon Energy NPV 16 hours ago NCC Group 17 hours ago AVI Japan Opportunity Trust 17 hours ago Canal+ SA All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and