IG Group

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC
ANNUAL REPORT ~ 31 DECEMBER 2025,

Accelerating

growth

*AF34B626"

Ht

COMPANIES HOUSE

AMC

#159

Welcome to our

Annual Report

31 December 2025

Who we are:

A global trading and investment
platform on a mission to unlock
the potential of every customer

SSE] Online Summary
Bi scanineoncouetoven
[ozs the online summary

Group Moldings le | Annus! Report 31 December 2025

Contents

Strategic Report

Hightionts
Business Model

Our Strategy

Chair's Statement

Chief Executive Officer's Statement
Key Performance indicators (KPls)
Sustainability Report

Chief Financial Officer's Statement

~ Business Performance Review

Risk Management
Principal Risks and Risk Appetite
Going Concern and Vibilty Statement

01

1

04
06
08
0
1"
a
23
n
32
7

Governance Report 39
‘Chair’ Introduction -
to Corporate Governance 30
The Board a
Governance Framework 45
Board Governance a7
Board Activities During the Year 49
Director induction 50
Stakeholder Engagement st
Section 172{1) Statement 53
Understanding Our Stakeholders 55
Board Performance Review 87
Nomination Committoe Report 58
Board Audit Committee Report 60
Board Risk Committee Report 7
Remuneration Committee Report 2
Remuneration ata Glance 76
Directors’ Remuneration Report ”
‘Annual Report on Remuneration a
Directors’ Report 88
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

inRespect of the Financial Statements a
Independent Auditors’ Report 92
Financial Statements ; 98
‘Shareholder and .
‘Company Information 156
‘Appendices 187
‘Group-wide Key Performance Indicator (KP?)
Definitions 160

Highlights

Our year in summary

2025 was a year of significant progress, with record financial
results underpinned by disciplined execution of our strategy.

During the period, we achieved meaningful
progress across our strategic priorities.

We invested in our over-the-counter
(OTC) derivatives offering, broadened our
share trading and investments proposition
and established the foundations for a
scaled crypto business ~ securing the
necessary licences, becoming the first
Uk-listed company to offer retail crypto
trading domestically, and announcing the
acquisition of Independent Reserve to
accelerate growth in Asia Pacific.

Operationally, the decentralised structure
launched in 2024 has materially accelerated
the pace of new product development and
rollout. Combined with significantly improved
customer income retention, we have been
‘able to increase marketing investment while
sustaining strong operating margins.

‘We enter 2026 with confidence: a high-
performance culture, an extensive
product pipeline, strengthened marketing
capabilities, and a balance sheet that
supports long-term growth,

Non-financial performance

Active customers (organic)!

284.7k

r2mbve2024

20a.2k
2703

We have changed our financial year-end
to 31 December to align with common
practice. This report therefore covers

the transitional seven-month period to

31 December 2025. To provide further
insight, we also present information on

a calendar 12-month basis.

‘See appendices for reconciiationte statutory measures.

1 Aetv customers are hare who Vadedor hel postion

during a given month Figures represents verege
rumor t monty sein curtomers serous each period

2. Neweustomer pleing thir ist rade during the period
the Groups primary measure of customer acaustion,

3 Tetalrevenv net wading revenue pus ntinarest,

4. Earns betoreinterest tn depreciation and amertsnton

5 AdutedEPS excises amortanton of aequstion elses
Intangible asst, non-underying tems that are materi
relatedtaxetfecs This nonsFRS menses inten
‘Complement ncteplae, statutory earings pera
‘Areconelinton to stavtry perfermancels provideain

{6 Tho proposed nal dvidend per share forthe transitional
seven-month nancial year enced 31 Decomber 2025
‘Soquvalontto sever-welins of th total ddend

ended $1 Mey 2026.

First trades (organic)2

60.5k

1ambee 2025
vamoecz00s 7a

04

strategie Report

Governance Repert

Financial performance

Net trading revenue

£590.9m

vamee 2025, 0045
Yimoee2024 £9106m
EBITDA4

£301.9m

‘ame 2024 €5250m

Basic earnings per share

1amOee 2028
am4e 2024

Share buyback announced

£200.0m

Yambee 2025,
rams 2024

£2800
£1800m

Shareholder ana

Franca Statements Company information

Total revenue3

£658.9m

Y2mOee 2025 exi2sam

vambee 2024 10822

Net own funds generated
from operations

£243.8m

Adjusted earnings per share5
66.6p
Pocezas ss]

vamowe sot a
Dividend per share6
28.12p

Prmowezors 28s]

ama 2026 4620

‘Group Holdings ple | AnqusiReport 31 Decomber 2025 Q]

Business Model

Well positioned in large
and fast-growing markets

Our resources

People and culture

‘Our high performance cultures the crcl
underpinning foundation. Our people ive five core

‘behaviours: lead and inspire think big. champion the
Cent, dover at pace, and ase the bar. These shape
hhow we develop and manage performance across

the organisation

Brand and reputation

‘Our reputation rests on trust and high-quality service.

+ Execution quality - ve deliver exceptions
liquidity andiowlatency execution across
‘more than 21,000 instruments, supported by
proprietary research tools and content.

+ Customer focus -we support customers
through ther preferred channels wth
responsive, expert service. Strategic marketing
investment is raising awareness of our atferings
land accelerating customer acquisition.

*+ Risk dlciptin ~rigorous isk management
has protected our customers and our business
through every market cycle since IG was founded
in 1974, maintaining trust when it matters most.

Financial capacity

‘We have a track record ot highy profitable growth
stretching back over 50 years underpinned by
consistent strong cash generation. Tis enables
Us toivestin organic growth, pursue accretive
‘scquistions and return capital to shareholders
through dividends and share buybacks

Technology

(Our technology underpins everthing we do.
‘Our platforms are reliable high quality and set us
‘apart from competitors.

‘We invest continuousty tormaintan and extend our
‘sdvantage across three areas:

+ Reslonee ~ customers expect uninterrupted
access to thelr accounts and seamless trading.
‘We invest ininfratructure tohandle peak
demand and strengthen defences against
extemal threats.

+ Product velocity - we launch products at pace.
mn 2025, thisincluded 24/5 trading, pre-PO
‘markets, zer0-commission stock andivestment
propositions across multiple markets, and a
‘Comprehensive mutual fund range inthe UK. We
‘so Introduced stablecoi funding, enhanced
‘our professional customer offering and launched
‘white labeled 828 proposition, strengthening
‘out institutiona capabilites.

*+ Customer experience - we design ou platforms
around customer needs, combiningintutve
Interfaces with powerful anaytical tools and
‘educational content. Enhanced product
offerings, content and more etfective marketing
drove strong double-digit percentage organic
(rowthin fst trades inthe 12 months ended
‘31 December 2026.

02 'Garoup Holdings ple | Annu! Report 31 December 2025

‘Governance Report

Our products

OTC derivatives

1 pioneered the retail OTC derivatives train
‘category and remains the largest global provider.
‘Our platform offers access to over 21,000
instruments worlwide. Exceptional quit,
lowiatency execution, abroad product range,
<feretisted content and powerful anaitcal
tools set us apart

Exchange traded
derivatives

(Our US exchange traded dervatves business is one
ofthe fastest-growing nthe Group. We are focused
‘on simplifying our offerings to make ther more
fccessibie, whichis essential to capturing sharein a
large and rapidty expanding market.

Stock trading
and investments.

Trough Gand FreeradeLiited reer) we
Sher accesso cre 12000 ea eats ETF
‘redncome products and muta anes wore
‘ttre! tectues pclae fectorel sere UC
Tresury bis tx reppers slit pens
Dov ploa secures ene oe ron vee

[An extensive product roadmap wl further strengthen
‘our offering. ensuring we provide everything sel
‘rected traders and investor need.

‘Sharoholde ane
‘Company formation

Crypto

In May 2025, we launched spot crypto trading in
‘the UK whichis now offering 6 ofthe most reded
coins and expanded our US offering from four coins
1026 while enabling stablecoin funding. We secured
cryptoasietleencet inthe UK and EU during the year,
postioning us to broaden our spot erpto offerings
inboth regions In September, we announced the
_scqustion of Independent Reserve to strengthen our
Capabilies inthe APAC region,

Content and education

\We support custorners wth comprehensive content
‘and education Through Trade Uve with IG and
tasty. Inc tastyive), we broadcast over ten hours
‘of ve programming diy offering market updates
‘nd expert analysis alongside podcasts, webinars and
‘nora. We also provide signals, analytics, charting,
tools and proprietary insights int the positioning of
‘our most successfultraders.

Shareholder ang
Business Model continued strategie Report ‘Governance Report Frarlastatements Company information

Our revenue mix Creating value for our stakeholders
OTC derivatives We are focused on creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. More detail
n how we engage with each group can be found in our Governance Report.
£475.9m £826.4m ° ag group a
‘7m Doc 2028 12m Dec 2025 7
+6% year-on-year Shareholders Customers Communities
(47% organic.

continuing operations)

Exchange traded derivatives

£128.0m £214.5m

7m Dec 2025 12m Dec 2025
-3% year-on-year Ivetng nbroduct cute and Oring terete products Supporting communis wt focus on
year ve efficiency to deliver sustainably stronger ‘through fast. high-quality execution, financial literacy and diversity in finance
(44% organic ‘rom andotrecv rtums. teceptnal cuter sen, ands tndtechciogy careers
continuing operations) rob sof rear tok ed

Link to Investment Cs

Link to Client Proposition Link to Brighter Future Fund
Stock trading and investments

£54.5m £81.6m Colleagues : Regulators Suppliers

7m Dec 2028 12m Dec 2025,
+56% year-on-year
(#10% organic,
continuing operations)

Net interest income

£68.0m £118.8m eaten se gancgconn ra barra mah a

andrecagriang those who exerpity wth rogdatrs eros a ureitone reaionships wth suppers who share our
7m Doc 2025 12m Dec 2025 curtargt behaviours. Inwtich we are iansod, onsunrg commitment to high-auaty sence
-16% year-on-year cometencs wlth evcing sand

Link to Stakeholder Engagement

1 Group Holdings ple | AniuslReport 1 December 2025 OS

Shareholder and
Our Strategy stratogle Report Governance Report Financia Statements ‘Company Information

In July 2024, we set out a clear strategy

. A . Our strategic framework
to deliver stronger, sustained growth 9
in all market conditions, built on three
pillars: enhancing our product, Strategic priori
improving efficiency, and embedding
a high-performance culture across
the business. 1 2 : 3
We have made significant progress. We are stronger, Enhance our product offering Increase efficiency Embed ahigh-performance culture
more competitive and more innovative than a year
ago. With an extensive product roadmap and clear
momentum, we enter 2026 confident that our
strategy is working and will deliver stronger growth.
What this will deliver
Accs ted
Abroader Greater active user Astep chan
product range automation and growth within step change
and simplified scalability in our an expanded
user experience operations
Our purpose
To power the pursuit
of financial freedom for
the ambitious Target behaviours
Lead and inspire Think big Champion theclient Deliver apace Reise the bar

04 1aGroupHolaing ple | Arm! Report St December 2025

Our Strategy continued

Strategic priorities

‘Our strategic drivers keep us focused on what matters most and enable us

‘to move at pace towards our vision.

Enhance our product offering

Close product gaps and simplify our offerings
to broaden customer appeal and expand our
addressable market.

Increase efficiency

Lower fixed costs per customer and
scalability through greater automation
‘and digital servicing, supported by
disciplined investment choices and the
right partnerships,

Embed a high-performance
culture

Embed target behaviours across the
‘organisation to provide a framework for

‘engagement, performance management
and reward.

‘Stratoate Report

Governance Report

Target behaviours

Franca Statements ‘Company information

We began cascading our target behaviours across the business
in 2024, embedding new ways of working to accelerate delivery,
enhance customer focus and sharpen commercial focus. These
behaviours have been central to fostering a high-performance
culture, which is now delivering stronger growth.

Lead and inspire
Build trust, alignment and
enthusiasm across the business

Think big
Focus on the problems
that move the needle on
commercial outcomes

‘Champion the client
Put the customer at the centre
of everything we do

Deliver at pace
Ship product quickly, with rigour
and intensity, iterating rapidly in
response to customer demand

Raise the bar
Take ownership and
increase accountability
toenhance outcomes

Link to People

1a.Group Holdings pe | Annus!Report 51 Ovcember 2025

0s

Chair's Statement

A year

of strategic
progress ©
and strong
performance

a“

In 2025, we continued
to deliver strong
growth across every '
area of our business.”

Mike MeTighe
Board Chi

06 1aGroupHotding pe | nus! Report 31 December 2028

‘stratogie Report

(Governance Report

Shareholder and
Fanci Statements CCompanyintormaton

Overview

‘When | announced my intention to retire as
Chair at the end of 2025, | did so confident
that IG Group was in excellent strategic and
financial shape. | am delighted that Andrew
Barron has now been appointed as my
successor as Board Chair Designate, and
am pleased to remain in the role until the
necessary regulatory approvals are in place
to ensure a seamless transition.

thas been a privilege to serve as Chair

of one of the UK's most successful global

financial technology companies for over six
‘years. Andrew brings more than 35 years of
‘operating and board experience, a strong
track record of value creation and a proven
ability to lead technology businesses through
periods of growth and transformation. | am
confident he is an excellent choice to chair IG
{88 we look to build on the platform we have
created and deliver the next phase of our
strategic ambitions.

‘As! prepare to hand over to Andrew,
| believe IG is well positioned to capitalise
‘on the powerful structural tailwinds
supporting the growth of our industry.

The strategy we set out in 2024 is delivering
strong results, and we will move at pace to,
build on this momentum.

Business performance

This seven-month period was one of
significant strategic progress, with
‘momentum accelerating across the
business and good financial performance.
Underpinning this was a step change in
‘organic new customer acquisition, driving
‘organic active customer numbers to anew
high ~ providing evidence that our strategy
is gaining traction.

Chair's Statement continued

Strategic progress
We made significant enhancements across
our product portfolio in 2025, improving the
customer experience and broadening what
we offer across our platforms and markets.
‘These improvements drove strong growth in
customer activity and revenues. In parallel, we
accelerated work to embed digital servicing
‘and artificial intelligence across the business,
improving the experience for customers while
reducing our fixed cost to serve.

Freetrade continued to deliver strong
double-digit growth in revenue and assets
under administration, bringing us a youngs
customer demographic and capabilities that
strengthen our competitive position and
‘expand our addressable market.

Important milestones were achieved in
crypto, with licences secured that position us
to expand our spot crypto offerings globally.
The acquisition of Independent Reserve,
leading cryptocurrency exchange based
‘Australia, completed on 30 January 2026,
‘accelerating our entry into Asia Pacific
crypto markets and adding a talented team
of crypto-native specialists to the Group.

Inthe US, tastytrade, Inc. (astytrade) continued
to deliver strong growth in a large and rapidly
growing target addressable market.

Board and leadership
‘The Board has been pleased to observe
the positive impact of the decentralised
organisational model and cultural
transformation initiatives introduced by
the Executive team. These changes are
translating into measurably improved
‘commercial outcomes, particular!
customer acquisition,

‘We made key leadership appointments
during the period, including strengthening
‘our US team and welcoming anew

Group Chief Technology Officer to drive
further improvements in our product
engineering capabilities.

Our people

Our people have been central to the progress
we have made. | continue to admire thei
‘commitment and adaptability as the business
has evolved, embracing new ways of working
that have been instrumental in driving
growth. On behalf of the Board, | also wish

to recognise all our employees for their hard
‘work and continued focus on accelerating
‘our growth ambitions.

Capital allocation and financial strength
The Board maintained its focus on disciplined
capital stewardship throughout 2025,

balancing regulatory requirements, investment
in'growth, and returns to shareholders.

For the transitional seven-month period
‘ended 31 December 2025, the Board is
proposing a final dividend of 28.12 pence
per share, equivalent to seven-tweifths of
the dividend that would have been paid for
the 12 months ending 31 May 2026.

‘Strong capital generation enabled the
Board to extend the share buyback
programme announced in July 2025 by

£75 million to £200 million in December 2025.
In March 2026, the Board approved a further
£125 milion buyback programme which

is expected to complete over the next 12
‘months, subject to share price performance
‘and other demands on capital

In total, approximately £321 million was
returned to shareholders through dividends
and buybacks during 2025, demonstrating
‘our commitment to delivering shareholder
value while retaining financial flexibiity for

‘Governance Report

Outlook

‘As we enter 2026, the foundations laid
‘during 2028 give me confidence in the
Group's prospects. Our strategy is gaining
traction, and the large, fast-growing markets
in which we operate provide a supportive
backdrop for sustained growth.

Recent geopolitical developments in the
liddle East have contributed to elevated
volatility across markets. Our platforms have
performed strongly throughout, enabling
customers to access markets and manage
their portfolios when it matters most. We
are closely monitoring the situation, and our
immediate focus is on ensuring the safety
and wellbeing of our people there.

In March 2026, the Board launched a
strategic review to evaluate routes to
shareholder value - including
-quisitions to accelerate growth, changes
to the Group's domicile and listing venues
to unlock capital and enhance strategic
flexibility, and whether combining certain
parts of the Group with other industry
participants could create additional value.

The outcome will be announced at a Strategy

Update in the autumn.

Under Andrew's leadership as Chair, |have
every confidence this review will unlock
substantial value for shareholders,

I would like to thank our talented colleagues
across the Group for their dedication and
‘commitment, which has been instrumental
in delivering these results. look forward to
watching IG continue to go from strength to

strength under Andrew's leadership as Board

Chair Designate.

ae

Mike MeTighe
Board Chair
18 March 2026

Shareholder ana

Financia Statements ‘Company lfarmation

A%
(e)
organic growth in
active customers

46%

organic growth in first trades

£320.8m

returned to shareholders
through dividends and buybacks

1aGroup Holdings ple | AnnualReport 31 December2025 7

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

Accelerating —
growth through
strategic execution

“ .
We made‘significant progress in 2025,
with strategic initiatives translating into
strong revenue growth and accelerating

* customer acquisition. This momentum gives
us confidence to achieve our medium-term
revenue growth targets ahead of schedule
in 2026.”

Breon Corcoran

Chief Executive Officer

Shareholder and
‘Company information

Chief Executive Officer's Statement continued

lam pleased with our strategic progress

in 2025 and the momentum building

across the business. Our focus on product
enhancement, a high-performance culture,
and greater efficiency is now delivering
‘materially stronger new customer acquisition.

Most encouragingly, we exited the year with
strong momentum. Organic trading revenue
in the final quarter of the 2025 calendar year
grew 17% year-on-year, with double-digit new
‘customer growth and high singl

‘customer growth supported by investment
in product and marketing initiatives. This
performance gives me confidence that we
are building a sustainably faster-growing IG.

Enhancing our product

We significantly increased product velocity
in 2025, delivering products that address
customer needs and close competitive gaps.

In OTC derivatives, we launched 24/5
trading, pre-IPO markets and an improved
professional client offering. These
enhancements, combined with actions to
improve customer income retention, drove
strong revenue growth across all major
product categories.

In stock trading and investments, we made
good progress. We launched our zero-
commission UK proposition in April 2025,
which we rapidly expanded to Ireland in
October and to Singapore and France in
November. In the three months ended

31 December 2028, organic share dealing
volumes in our UK and Ireland business
increased 52% on the prior year and 8% on
the prior quarter to over 730,400 trades,
demonstrating strong customer demand
for our offering. This expansion of our
addressable market positions us well for
sustained growth.

Freetrade delivered strong growth, with
total net revenue for the 12 months ended
31 December 2025 of £32.2 milion, up
118% on a like-for-like basis compared with
the 12 months ended 31 December 2024

(£273 million), assuming the acquisition
closed on 1 January 2024. Assets under
administration increased to £3.3 billion, up
‘34% on the prior year. Acquired in April 2025,
Freetrade has brought us a differentiated
user experience, rapid product velocity, highly
scalable technology, and a proven ability to
‘acquire customers efficiently. With most of
its customers aged in their 20s and 30s, the
acquisition has broadened our addressable
‘market significantly.

Incrypto, we achieved critical regulatory
milestones ~ securing a UK FCA cryptoasset
licence in September and a European

fence under Markets in Crypto-Assets
(MICA) in Novernber. This will enable us to
expand our spot crypto offerings in 2026,
with new propositions planned for APAC,,
the Middle East, and Europe. The acquisition
of Independent Reserve, announced in
September 2025, closed in January 2026
‘and has materially strengthened our crypto
capabilities inthe strategically important
‘APAC region.

Inthe US, tastytrade continued to deliver,
strong revenue growth in a large and fast-
‘growing market. With a new divisional
leadership team now in place, we are
focused on simplifying our propositions
and broadening customer appeal to
capture more of this opportunity.

Embedding a high-performance culture
Our decentralised operating model,
implemented early in 2024, continues to
‘enhance customer focus and P&L ownership
throughout the business. With regional
leaders empowered to tailor propositions
tolocal needs, we are strengthening our
offerings and winning market share.

With our target behaviours now embedded
‘across the business, the commercial benefits
of cultural transformation are clearly
evident - faster product delivery, stronger
propositions, and a step change in new
customer acquisition.

stratoale Report Governance Repert

Increasing efficiency

We made significant progress improving
‘operational efficiency while investing

for growth. Customer income retention
initiatives implemented in the first half

‘of 2024, continued to deliver benefits
throughout 2026, supporting revenue growth
alongside enhanced customer experience.

Capital allocation discipline remained
central to our approach throughout the
period. Inline with our focus on exiting
itiatives where returns donot meet
our standards, we completed the sale of
‘Small Exchange, Inc. (Small Exchange) in
October 2025, simultaneously entering a
distribution partnership with Kraken for the
new exchange’ products, and redeploying
that capital towards our highest-conviction
‘opportunities.

Organic fixed cost-to-serve per customer
continued to decline, creating capacity

to increase marketing investment in 2026
to capitalise on momentum and planned
product launches. There is more to do to
reduce our fixed cost base, and we remain
focused on embedding digital servicing
across the Group.

Outlook and guidance
We entered 2026 with strong momentum and
clear visibility on our growth drivers. Following
‘good strategic progress, we expect organic
total revenue growth towards the top end

of our guided mid-to-high single-digit range
this year, representing an acceleration of

the medium-term targets we announced in
July 2028.

‘This outlook is underpinned by continued
‘growth in customer acquisition and active
customers, an extensive product pipeline,
‘enhanced marketing capabilities and the full-
‘year benefit of greater OTC customer income
retention initiatives.

‘We are contident of meeting market
expectations for EBITDA and adjusted EPS
in 2026.

‘Sharaholder and

Franca Statements ‘Company eration

Group revenue and costs in 2026 will reflect
the full-year consolidation of Freetrade and the
Independent Reserve acquisition. To capitalise
‘on momentum and planned launches, we
intend to increase marketing spend in 2026

to accelerate long-term growth.

Building for the future
(Our 2025 results reflect both supportive
‘market conditions and red execution
of our strategy. They validate our priorities,
‘and demonstrate that our investments

are translating into stronger, more
sustained growth.

Building on this platform, in March 2026 we
launched a strategic review which will evaluate
routes to maximise shareholder value.

Our execution path through 2026 is clear.
The strategic review looks beyond that
horizon - near-term delivery gives us the
platform from which to pursue greater long-
term ambition. The foundations we have built
position IG for a step change in value creation,
‘and this review will ensure we find the best
path to realise that potential. !ook forward to
updating you on the outcome in the autumn.

Breon Corcoran
Chief Executive Officer
18March 2026

aGreupHatéings pe | AroustReport 3} December2025 99

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

We review our KPIs regularly to ensure they align with our strategic priorities.
Following. guidance issued in July 2025, we have replaced adjusted profit

before tax with EBITDA. This reflects our decision to discontinue most

Sharenolder ang

Stratos Report ‘Governance Report Fnanci Statements ‘Company formation

Stakeholders key
‘Sharahoidrs Coteagves
customers Regulators
Communities Supliers

adjusted P&L measures. All other metrics are consistent with those reported

for the year énded 31 May 2025.

Financial
ur financial KPIs cover revenue, profitability and cash flow. Net own funds
generated from operations is a management measure of operating cash flow.

Non-financial
‘Our non-financial KPIs track progress against our growth strategy and people priorities.
Alongside our financial KPis, they provide a rounded view of business performance.

EBITDA

£301.9m

Total revenue

£658.9m

Yambec 2025, E1azB4m——12mOee2025 5311
vambee 2028 * ev082am 12mOue 2024 ~ asom

(ur prottabity measure showshow atfoctaW wa convert
revenue nte prot hebalancingsherehalse Fetus with
Irvertmantin growth and esience Riscalcduted by agdng
‘deprecation andamortastonbuckto stator operating ro.

‘recency of EBITDA o statutory operating pref canbe
feundonpage 13.

Active customers

744.1k

First trades

‘mora fmoursble market condians sna success ection
Ppiteersing

Net own funds generated from operations

£243.8m

hey flue, shat

‘Aceconeationof net onn funds generated tom operations

10 'Garcup Holdings ple | Annu! Report 31 December 2025

Gender diversity
36%

Employee engagement score
-0.3 eENPS #2888.

ambee 2025 38%
ramos 2008 3%

(Measured on a scale of -100 to +100;
financial services industry benchmark: +29)

We introaucedanA-powared engagement oon the
{2rrntha Slay 2035 ening mare renuerpue
‘employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS} was down modestly on
‘ho eat urveyin the pio financial yor andremains Belo the
Industrybonchmere

{frown eratogy ocusedon fe recogefion ond bromresdion