{GGROUP.COM

FRIDAY

IAA

10/10/2025 #
COMPANIES HOUSE

‘Sreohoktar tne

Zo Strategic Report 01 Governance Report 4g
FY25 Hightionts 01 Chairsintroduction toCorporate Governance 48

y AtaGiance 02 The Boara 31
Improving Our Product 3 Governance Framework 55

Enhancing Our Cunure 04 Board Governance 37

Improving Etficiency 5 Board Activities Ouring the Year 59

06 Director induction 60

8 Stakeholder Engegement 6

Investment Cose 10 Understonding Our Stakeholders 63

& Customer Proposition 11 Section 172(1)Staxement os

Chairs Starement 12 BoardPertormance Renew 70

Chiet Execute Officers Statement 14 Nomination Committee Report 72

Market Trends 16 Sustainabinty Committee Report 7

Who we are: Key Performance indicators and Alternative ‘Audit Committee Reaort 76

A global trading and investment platform Seseineniny Report 19 Remunerevonomeattee °
on a mission to unlock the potential of ProrioiDecoures 28 Draclor! Remuneration Report *°
eames ErargyondCarbon Report tnd Paley sumer ,
every customer Governence WY me caroon hers 33. AnrutlReporton Remuneration 100
NoreFlnenalandSusanoit lormation Drectars Report no
fukienagomen S

Principal Risks and Risk Appetite 42° Einanci
CongConcernend Vietitystctement —-«sa_—‘Piancial Statements 121

Shareholder and

Company Information 175
Shorehoider nd Compeny information 178
Anpendices 176
KeyPortormence inacstor KPH Detntions 178

88 Online Summary
Be Scan the GR code to view
[ox the online summary

1aGroepHatdinge te | Annual Report 2025

FY25 Highlights

Our year in summary

The Group delivered strong financial results in FY25,
reflecting supportive market conditions and good initial
strategic progress. Our focus was on executing on the
priorities we outlined in July 2024 which are to enhance
our product, embed a high-performance culture across
the business and increase efficiency.

Our strategy is delivering good early results, as evidenced
by stronger new customer acquisition. We were pleased
to complete the acquisition of Freetrade and we returned
over £397 million of capital to shareholders through
dividends and buybacks. Our progress gives us
confidence that our strategy is working and will

deliver a step change in growth.

Non-financial performance)

ipitiortuptingy
100%

820,000

ra 348209]

Etetepie Report co.anensateport

Financial performance!

Total revenue?

£1,075.9m

FronetdStatcneets

Basic earnings per share’

106.5p

fe ‘€987:300) E
TT) m2 aa]
Dividend per share Share buyback announced*
Pes al
(ra aes)

[Fes

Profit before tax®

£499.2m

Net own funds generated
from operations

£427.8m

‘See sopendies fr reconliaion eatery menu.
2 Totalsevnun eles snot acing roe

'3 Onenausted boss, FY25 exrings pes
2 Represents tho

valuao! shure beyoses announced eu fu ye

corn, See apoanaies for eeanetaton,
28:90 Spores
json 26 hoy 2028.

5 Onenedusted ens prota belo as wes '5358 moon PY2G: C6563 mon)

1OcroweHatdings ple | AnmuaiRepert 2028 OF

Ata Glance “ Covernanco Roport Pinned Statements

Focused on delivering — ourpurpos Our values

. Ourvales inform the Lead and inspire
To power the pursuit ecisons that we make, wth og nd ins

a step change in of financial freedom oie

through to the boardroom.

growth for the am Sevan tow P29. A Champion he ont

management Ey foise the bor

Our strategy

To deliver a step change in growth

enabled by differentiated product and

user experience, enhanced efficiency Our commitment to sustainability

The Brighter Future Framework defines our approach

and a high-performance culture. tosustainabitty t outlines the value we deliver to
{customers end commutes and demonstrates our
Commitment tomanaging IGin a responsible nd
sustainable manner

See our website for more

Enhance our Embed a hight Increase efficiency

products = CERES TO + titted digital eonicing
; Yeramymgretamm weisveomsiaerranc,
ear ne ooentoa f Cuntomorexperonce an

aogem drive sealaey

lag + Making the right porttotio
Exincreasing swoorsnipand)
Simplity our offerings to . foccountabity D ¢ and partnership choices

theirneeds

broaden customer appeal toenhance returns.

Read more on pege 3

1aGroveHetdings ote | AnnualReport 2028 02

Improving Our Product

Enhancing our
product

Our focus is on simplifying and
broadening our product range to
provide everything that a self-
directed trader and investor needs.

>6,460

instruments available
to trade on Freetrade

>457,300

active customers
at Freetrade

our focus was on accelerating
product velocity to close gaps in our
propositions. As we do this, we will increase
our addressable market opportunity and
long-term growth potential

We made good initial progress delivering
‘our product roadmap in FY25,

In our OTC business, we folled out IG Top
‘Trader. which provides our customers with
information on the positioning of our most
successtul traders. and deepened integration
with TipRanks. a popular trading and
investment research plattorm. We completed
{ullintegration with TradingView, a leading
charting platform and social network, and
rebranded our US OTC business to tastvFX.

Inour exchange traded derivatives business,
we rolled out our tastytrade futures and
‘options platform in the UK and in stock trading
andinvestments, we launched IG Invest and
completed the acquisition of Freetrade

In May 2025, we launched our spot crypto
trading platform in the UK in partnership with
Uphold. We were the first UK-listed company
tolounch a cash crypto olfering to retail
customers and now provide access to over
35 of the most heavily traded coins.

We have an extensive product roadmap and
‘our focus is on delivering this at pace.

GSE read more

Eee] ‘on our wobsito

Embedding @
ini oh-performane

FAtIGYourshighsperformance, cultures
[meansithaticolleagues} are Aw -
[developitheigcareerswhile|supporting)

customers’andigrowinglourn business)
Sciaty fit SYatwinewing

Fanelteitements Company inermstin

Poople and culture are key to our success
By enhancing customer-centricity, we will
deliver more relevant products and drive:
stronger growth, which will create greater
‘opportunities for career development and
progression for our people.

In FY25, we were delighted to put new
managing directors in place for three of our
five commercial divisions. We increased the
pace of strategic hiring at ail levels,
particularly in the second half of the year, with
a focus on product development,
Performance marketing, digital servicing and
culture and talent, Our refreshed leadership
teamis already having a significant positive
impact on our pertormance and culture.

To deliver our ambitious growth plans, we
are focused on bringing exceptional talent
t0IG, at alllevels, and making significant
investment in our People processes.

Read more about Our People on page 20.

see]iicantdevelopimnyicateciam
here and achiiove even more”

Campa CGI EL CUMIN AINSI)

"Sommotttanie menos oa

Improving Efficiency

Enhancing efficiency and scalability

| This year, we exited multiple legacy and
sandbox initiatives delivering unacceptable

returns and implemented digitat servicing

Increasing ee
efficiency RN | Motneneeegmrn

the percentage of accounts opened with no
‘manual intervention trom 84% to 92%. Our
| organic fixed cost-to-serve per customer
| declined 7% and we are targating further
improvements over the medium term.

Our focus is on automating our
workflows, reducing fixed cost-to-serve

per customer and freeing up resources So Ne
for investment in growth. : ; (corm me of our curome eee

We continue to explore additional measures
to further enhance conversion.

GRE rood more

ea con our wobsite

fe) o/1 <2 Our digital servicing ;
7 % 34 % workstreams have delivered
Reduction in organic Reduction in Grou iction in average good early results.”

fixed cost-to-serve per KYC times F 1p headcount
customer a

Jody Dunn, Group COO

WaGroveHatcinge le | AnnualReport 2025 OS

Business Model

A business model with
huge growth potential

Our resources

Technology

Marketteading technology is fundementalto the
suecoss of our business. High-quesity and rohable
leading platforms hove corned us strong
repulaton andilferentiate our otterng

‘Continued investments necessary to maintom and
‘ertend our competitive advantage, inciuaing in the
following areas:

* Reslonce - our customers went toaccess their
‘sccounts andhhave the abit to rade at any
tume, We continuoly invest neanacity to deal
swith high demand and enhance resbionee
‘Sgpinst onternal threats

+ Product development - we mutt dove'on and
<etivr now products ond services signed to
‘chents evolving neods with psee. rigour ond

+ Customer exporionce’- we must get closer to
‘ur customers, understand thar needs end bute
‘ur products and leatures eround demand

People and culture

ur poopie are empowered tolesd andinspive,
‘ink big. champvon the chont, detver at pace
‘andronso the bar Our target benaweours Rave
Dean cloory articulated aeross te business
andereota a tramework or engogement

‘and performance menegement

Brand and reputation

‘Our brand end reputailon are itferontiated.s 8
e4ultof ongoing investment nthe folowing oo:

+ Trading platform - we provide exceptions!
liguicty endow latency execution. supplemented
Dy valve eaced content snd research tools

+ Customer cantrcty -we are avaloble tohelp our
‘customers wher they need us vi their preferred
chore!

+ ‘Strong risk management laser focus on risk
‘management has been contralto our success for
‘more then five decades

Financial capacity

‘Wernave slong track record of rovenve growin
‘at aticine margins one dolver consistenty
strong eash conversion, This allows us to

invest inorganic growin, avaluate accretive
‘acquisition oppertuntias and roturn eapitalto
shareholders we dividends and share buybacks.

joverthe-counter (OTC)
ory. end we are the largest
products to etal traders
\workswide. Our platlorm provides access 0 over
19,000 undertying instruments global

G's superor quit. low atoney oxecution,broed
range of tradable inatruments and content enc
analytical too citforantate our proposition.

Petrorc erenem modes cferentiod sor
sand

sven by sortae. commision and over)
\ctsap cnegeat ESTUARY Ca

(Our US business tastyiad, it one ofthe fastest
‘rowing parts of the Group. Our primary focus ison
Eimpliying our offerings endincroesing shar of tho
largo and reply expanding US rtel options and
{futures merket.

oS isang and
ficsren te cient onan

1G Smort Portfolios enables cfonts tol

ont

fraction of tho cost of wectionsl wealth management

Wo have enextonsive product osdmep that wi further”
enhance our etfring to encuro that wo provido™
everything sel-divected tender and Investor nead,

(sie
to

O) ove

In May 2028, we launched our cash crypto trading :

panera Utne srs oun al

framon nec sedcna Twecghet acount

sn ace ete sertp inet tom

{turtedS cam andor crpacavoney cope
natontetoroemnageionae

to clase gopain our eryptocttering

El Content and education

Wo provide content end education to support
{customers with thoi tracing andinvosting ecthity.
‘Through our Trade Live with Gand testyve chennals
we broadcast over ten hours lve programming
tach day, featuring market uodates, expert analy,
‘educational webinars re ttorials. We ozo otter
‘comprehensive content educstion and support tools
lucha signals, nalts and charting epptcations
‘slongtide propiotery insights nto tho positioning of
‘ur most successful recors

croup Heidings le | AnnualReport 2025 06

Business Model continued

How we make money

Net trading revenue

£942.8m

+12% year-on-year

Net interest income

£133.1m

-6% year-on-year

Total revenue

£1,075.9m

+9% year-on-year

te

a]
‘Srahotdor nd
overnanco Report FienelStasamerta empertntermaten

Creating value for our stakeholders

Our focus is on creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. More detail on
how we engage with our stakeholders can be found in our Governance Report.

Investors. Communities

tnvestingin our product, cuture
engotficiency wth the objective
‘of dalivring sustainably atronger
growth and at urna
Yoour shareholders,

Proving our pert to support
communities, wih focus

‘research end ensivtice! tools and
‘content and edvestion.

Link to Invostmant Case Link to Client Proposition

Colleagues Regulators

‘Motivating and energiting colleagues by
‘clearly defining expected behaviours

recognising team members who
ply these qualtios.

We veuo long-term mutual beneficiat
‘lationshios with our suppliers andlook
{or ne same high-quality service levels
thet wo provide to eur customers.

‘andeensure that we arecamplant with
‘evolving stendores.

Link tot

holder Engagement

1aGreupMetdings ple | Anew Report 2028 07

Sparahoter and
Our Strategy suraepiaRypert Governance Report ancl stmenis ——Compenriniomaton

Ta rgeting a step Our strategic framework
change in growth Our strategic drivers
g grow o

Our strategic framework outlines’ Enhance our product Embed a high-performance culture increase efficiency
how we are creating a high-performing
and consistently faster-growing IG... «

To achieve our objective we are investing in our
Broduct, increasing efficiency and changing our ways

of working. in FY25, we implemented a decentralised
organisational structure, which is helping us achieve

‘our goals by getting us closer to our customers and...
accelerating product velocity.

Accelerate new
‘customer acquisition to
drive strong and sustained
growth in active users

Deliver a step change,

In revenue and +>

earnings growth .

f_ Simplify our propositions
“x and expand our target
addressable market

Our purpose

To power the pursuit of
financial freedom for
the ambitious

Our target behaviours

| Lead and inspire Think big Champion the client Deliver at pace Raise the bar

eeuneeme|

\aaroupHolaings pie | AnnualReport 2028 08

Sharahatdor ena

Our Strategy continued strategic hase Govan Raper Feoctstemens Sago taton

Our strategic drivers Our target behaviours

Our strategic drivers ensure that the business is focused and aligned In FY25, we begen cascading our target behaviours across

around our priorities and can move at pace to realise our vision. the business. These embed new ways of working to accelerate
delivery, enhance client centricity and sharpen commercial

Enhance our product focus. Our target behaviours are central to fostering a

. high-performance culture, which is necessary to deliver
Differentiate our product. simplify accelerated growth. .
user experience. close product gaps,
broaden customer appeal and grow
our target addressable market,
Lend and inspire Think big
Driving trust, alignment and Focusing on the problems

Read more on page $ centhuslasm across the business .| thet move the noedle of

‘commercial outcomes

Embed a high-
performance culture = —

provide a framework for engagement Champion the efient Deliver at pace
and performance management. Putting the customer at the Delivering product at pace,
Riimecmemwrame | Eokengreauaeie
iterating our propositions in

response to customer demand

Read more on page 4

Increase efficiency Raise the bar

‘Taking ownership and increasing
Increase digital servicing and accountability to enhance »
automation to lower fixed costs and outcomes

fenhance scalabity Make the right
choices about where to invest and ED Unk to People
Strike the right partnerships to

accelerate growth

'aQrovpHatdinge le | AnnualReport 2005 09

Investment Case

A strong case for
investment

02.

Large and growing target
addressable markets

Delivering on self-help
measures to unlock our
potential

Well positioned to win

Attractive total shareholder
return potential

Sharohotser gn

+= Target markets benefiting from strong + Opportunity to penetrate fast-growing new
structural growth drivers, including the product adjacencies
growing popularity of self-directed trading
and investing s well as intergenerationa
wealth transfer

+ Closing product geps and simplifying
customer experience to take market share

fixed costs to enhance scalability» Exiting initiatives delivering unacceptable
I servicing and automation returns

‘+ Increasing conversion of customer fee and
commission income tonet trading revenue
while enhancing customer experience

* Leading global provider of retail OTC * Strengthening our crypto and stock trading
4 deriv and investments offering to add new
revanue streams and enhance customer

* Relevant footprint in the large and fast sRauistton end votention

growing retail options and futures market in

the United States via tastytrade = Strong track record of compliance and risk
‘management with regulatory licences in 16
countrie

acquisitions and return capital to

shareholders via dividends and buybacks record of succor

and integratio

\aaroupHotding ne | AerlRoport 2028 10,