Company Negistration numos- : 04644092

IG Group

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC
ANNUAL REPORT 2024

IGGROUP.COM &

N

Welcome to our

Annual Report
2024

Who we are:

IG Group is an innovative,
global fintech and an
established member

of the FTSE 250. .

Contents 1a Group Holaings

‘AnnualReport 2024

tastylive mobile application

Read more on page 16

Strategic Report Governance Report
FY24 Highlights 02 Chairs Introduction to
AtaGlnce 03 Corporate Governance
Business Model 04 The Board
Investment Case 06 Governance Framework ry
Client Proposition 07 Board Governance 53
Chair's Statement 08 Board Activities During the Year 55 .
Chiet Executive OfficersStatement 10.—_—Director Induction 56 g
Market Trends 12 Stakeholder Engagement 57 H
Year in Review 14 Understanding our Stakeholders 59 H
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) 16 Section 172(1) Statement 65 2
Sustainability Report 17 Board Performance Review 66 3
Our Approach to Diversity 19 Nomination Committee Report 68 3
Task Force on Clniate-Related Sustainailty Committee Report
Financia Disclosures 23 Audit Committee Report
Streamined Energy andCarbon Report 26 ‘Board Risk Committee Report
Governance 27 Remuneration Committee
Non-Financial and Sustainability Remuneration ata Glance
Information Statement 28 Directors Remuneration Policy (Summary)
Business Performance Review 29. AnnualReport on Remuneration
Risk Management 36 Directors Report 106 ?
Principal Risks and Rsk Appetite 37 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities. 109 H
Going Concern and Viabilty Statement 42 independent Ausitors Report no E
Financial Statements 117 3
Shareholder
and Company
Information
Shareholder and Company Information 174
1G Group Board Appendices: 175
Group-wide Key Performance
El Read more on page 47 Indicator (KP) Definitions v7

o

FY24 Highlights : 10.oroupHolange le

‘Annu Repor 2024

Ml

: , . . >
Oars in summary oe ‘
. L . Pa
= . ee i
Asnapshot of our year Total revenue? Basic earnings per share* H
A solid set of results, delivered in softer market conditions - *
Sungate ofeoenuare mncersip cos cranatona! Relea 4p '
change. We implemented an operational improvement
programme which helped us to control costs well to protect. (FY23: £1,022.6m) (FY23: 86.9p)
the profit margin. The high auaity and strength of our isk
management lramework ond controls wes evidenced by 8
significant reduction in our regulatory capital requirements in Total dividend per share Share buyback announced*
the your We rmaln highly cesh generative, ond returned 2
Significant capital to shareholders trough an increased :
dividend ond share buyback p £ m H
(FY23: 45.2p) i

Profit before tax® Net own funds generated

£4008 £350.1m

(FY23: £449.9m)

(FY23; £350.9m)

Pon racal

Active clients Platform uptime:

'546,200 100% |

(FY23: 358,300) (FY23: 100%)

See sppancies torr
2 Toateove

5 Ononaghstesbasis earings per shore was 903 pence (FY23:947 pone
‘4 Repreventsthe vue of share buyosck announced athe flyer resus
|S Onenadiusted basis profit before tax was £486.3m (FY23: £490.5m) a

02

Googins ; ES |
(ox —
Our strategy isto deliver sustainably

sureneer growin tt .
Rew proclucts and new aeoureph nies)

oO

C. auto

[ff] axoacn

Business Model

A sustainable business model

Technology

Merket-eading technology fundamental tothe success of our
business, High-quality and reliable trading platforms have earned usa
strong reputation nd diferentiate our offering, Continued investment
Intechnologyis necessary to maintsin our competitive advantage. Key
‘areas of investment include:

+ Roslionce - ur cients must be able to access their eccounts and
trade ot anytime. We invest in building capacity on our platforms to
{eal with periods of high demand and enhancing resience against
‘external threats

velopment - we continusly develop new products and

ligned to cients evohing needs

+ User experience - we stay connected to user feedback to enhance
platiorm functionality and maintain a cutting-edge user experience

[a] Brand and reputation

We are a global leaden online trading. and have built a strong
reputation over nearly 50 years based on our market-leading and
differentiated proposition including

latforms our platforms ae intuitive and

offer cutting-edge analysis, tools and charting functions

+ Ditferentiated cliont sorvie 2 available for our cents at
time convenient te them and via their preferred channel, including
‘automated support, messaging interfaces or speaking directly with
‘one of our client support specialists

+ Strong rick managoment 8 laser focus on risk management has
been central to our success for decades

[Gl People and culture

‘Our people are empowores to think laterally and challenge
conventions, and we always put clients atthe heart of everything we
so, We attract a diverse range of ambitious people tothe business and
provide ongoing development opportunities to help them grow.

Financial capacity

We have along track record revenue growth at attractive margins
{and strong eash generation Ths allows us toinvestin the business to
tive future growth, return capital to shareholders end evaluate other
‘uses of capita, including acquisitions

04

otc

‘@ Group Holdings ple
anual Report 2024

+ Our resources and strengths as a business come together to provide four product groups for our clients:

Stock trading and investments

IG pioneered the development of rata over-the-counter (OTC)
<ervatives in the 19708, and we are now the largest provider of
‘hete products to retail traders in the world, Through them, we
provide investors including professional traders. access to around
19,000 underiying markets in acapital-fficient manner. Our OTC
produets include:

+ Contract for difference (CFOs) 5
+ Spreadbets

oF

* Options

‘Our OTC business model sets us apart within our industry andis
fundamental to our long-term success.

Notting eliont positions -IG is the counterparty to every trade
executed on our platform, which creates market risk, We
centralise exposure from all global trades and offset netted
potitions on a real-time basis. Due to our scale and the volume of
trading, the vast majority of trades are naturaly offset as cents
take opposing positions.

Extornat hedging - Once all trades have been offset, we are eft
with some residual market exposure, which we atively manage
{o-ensure it remains below our market risk mits. Market risk

‘moves throughout the day based on volatity and iquiity but is
Strictly controled within the Board-approved limits, Should our
‘exposure begin to approach thislimit, we begin passive external
‘hedging to reduce our risk In the event that we reach the iit.
we hedge aggressively to eliminate any additional exposure.

‘This model align us with our clients, Our revenues driven by
spread, commission and overnight funding charges itisnot
riven by cient losses, We want our clients to trade successfully
and provide extensive support to enable them todo so.

(Our stock trading and investments offering includes ISAs and SIPPs
‘and provides access to over 13,000 global equities and ETFs. 1G Smart
Portioios allow cents to invest va a portfolio designed by BlackRock,
We monitor and manage itbased on a cients goals and risk profile, at
a fraction of traditional wealth managers costs

Clients who use both our derivatives and stock trading platforms tend
tobe more ative traders, and romain with the business for longer.

Bev

Exchange-Traded Derivatives (ETDs) ar the fastest-growing part of our
‘business Building on our strengthsin trading and client servicing we
‘now have two such businesses:

+ Options and futures (US)-tastytrade
+ Onexchange leveraged securities (Europe) - Spectrum

Ei content and education

We have # comprehensive content and education service to support
clients with thelr treding and investing This offering is available
{through eeveral channels including IG Academy, IG TV and tastyve,
which provide:

+ Over 10hours daly ve programming

+ Macket news and analysis

+ Webinars and tutorials

eda aoveus809 odew sisoiens

“uswniers ues

Business Model continued

[Grating vaio tor or Sena)

‘AnnusReport 2024

We have several key stakeholder groups for whom we aim to create long-term value.
More detail on how we engage with them can be found in our Governance Report.

Link to Stakeholder Engagement

(Dimer

Delivering attractive returns across an increasingly
diversified business from a strong financial position,

BD Link to investment Case

4 Colleagues

Recruiting, engaging and inspiring our people through
aninclusive environment enables them to develop as
professionals with best-in-class resources, training
and support.

05

Trusted by

546,200

clients around the world.

(®e Clients

Providing a high-quality global platform, excellent client
service and a range of distinctive educational content to
support our ambitious clients.

Link to Client Proposition

Regulatory licences in

16 countries

a

We are the global leader in retail leveraged derivatives
trading, with regulatory licences in 16 countries. We work
closely with regulators in each jurisdiction to ensure that
our products and how we distribute them is appropriate,

Regulators

ea Communities

Playing our part to support our communities, with a focus
‘on empowerment through education,

Link to Brighter Future Fund/website

i} Suppliers

We value long-term mutually beneficial relationships with
‘our suppliers and look for the same high service levels,
that we provide to our clients,

vedey soveu905

g
i

prover

Investment Case

PNstrong case

for investment

Our strategy

Our strategy is to deliver sustainably stronger
growth through expansion into new products
and new geographies.

The business is well positioned to deliver
on the strategy, with a significant presence
in large; growing markets around the world,
well-established brand andastrong
financial position.

Our appro:

Multiple growth

f]
; levers

1aGroup Holdings ple
‘AnnualReport 2024,

Well positioned to benefit from structural growth in self-directed trading and investing

Multiple product offerings and revenue streams
Large target addressable market opportunities

High-quality
client base .

Strict onboarding criteria ensure we welcome only appropriate clients

(Our clients are typi

Significant proportion of revenue generated from long-term clients

lly active traders, placing multiple trades per day ~

Resilient technology
and award-winning
platforms

Continued, steady investment in our platforms
Sophisticated risk-management technology
Engaging live and on-demand content and educational resources

Increasingly
diverse business

Increasingly diversified business through organic and inorganic growth
Extensive geographic footprint across five continents.

Continued progress in product diversification

Strong

balance sheet

Highly cash-generative business mode!
Strong regulatory capital and liquidity positions
Clear Capital Allocation Framework

i
i
q

Client Proposition

Why our clients .

Providing an outstanding Market access Platform reliability Superior trade execution
service to clients is at the We provide access to around 19,000 We pride ourselves on the reliability Ourclients are active traders, often
heart of everything we markets globally including indices, of ourplatform, whatever the dealing multiple times a day, and they
. aa single-name equities, commodities, market conditions. Throughout our want high-quality trade execution °
do. Our client proposition FX, options, and digital assets. growth we have continued to invest This year, in our OTC business, we i
is differentiated in many in capacity to ensure we can deal filled 99% of orders at our clients’ 3
= with increased demand. Technology desired price or better. i
ways, including: threats are ever-evolving, so we 2
have appropriate governance and i
risk mitigation frameworks in place
tomanage these accordingly
Client servicing Reputation Content and education ?

We take a tailored approach to
supporting our clients, and we're

Our strong reputation as global market
leader in the industry has been built

We have a wide range of tools,
content and education for all levels

available to them at the time they want, ‘over 50 years. We lead the way in of experience. Our offering includes i
via their preferred channel. This ranges breadth of offering of underlying assets live broadcasts and on-demand 2
from automated online support to a and have earned the trust of our clients content through to bespoke support

phone call with one of our team. We to safeguard their money and assets. via premium client managers.

build strong relationships with our We want our clients to learn and

clients to support them on their ~ develop with us, making more

trading journeys. informed decisions as they go.

o7

Chair's Statement VWorovpHolings pe | ==

Seeking efficiency =
and sino ification|_

ty

We have delivered a resilient
performance over the past
year in a more challenging
trading environment, with
the Group reporting £987.3
million of total revenue.

‘pedou oneiane

‘While our foundations are solid, there
is work to do to accelerate growth

There have been a number of changes
to the Board over the past year. Notably.
we welcomed Breon Corcoran to the
‘Company and Board as CEO at the end of
January, following the departure of June
Felixin August 2023 for health reasons.

vedeyaovewaeD

Breonis already making an impact, re
energising the business to increase the
pace and delivery of our strategy, and
bringing us ever closer to our clients
across all of our markets,

D

We have delivared a
fresilientipenfonmance)
over the past year fh

amore challenging
wading environment.”

‘The Board remains comfortable with and
focused on the strategy we set in place in
2018 to grow through both existing and
new products and geographies, Under
Breon’s leadership this is accelerating

to build a simpler and more efficient
business that will be well-positioned to
capture opportunities for growth.

08

Chair's Statement continued

500,000+

People benefited from
Brighter Future Fund initiatives

56%

Of our people participated in
‘our community programmes

£422.7m

Total capital returned
to shareholders

09

In March, we announced that Charlie Rozes,
CFO and Jon Noble, COO would be stepping
down from the Board, and leaving IG Group.
(On behalf of the Board, | would lke to extend
‘a special thank you to Charlie for his support
‘and leadership of the Company during his
tenure as Acting CEO, We also wish Jon all the
best after 24 years of dedicated service at IG.

We were delighted to welcome Marieke
Flament to the Board as a Non-Executive
Director in early July. Marieke's considerable
experience in scaling innovative, multinational
businesses, as well as deep financial
technology expertise, will be of great
benefit to the Group. Malcolm Le May's
nine year tenure finishes in September.
Thave appreciated working alongside
Malcolm as Chair for the past four years,
‘and would lke to take this opportunity to
thank him for the valuable contribution

‘and insight he brought to the Board.

Capital management
We have continued to prudently manage
‘our capital while also taking significant
action to pare back cost growth. !am
pleased that in spite of more challenging
‘markets, we have maintained a healthy
balance between delivering value for
shareholders, investing in the business,
and giving back to our communities
under our Brighter Future Framework.

The business remains strongly capitalised and.
highly cash generative which allowed us to
return £422:7m of capital in the year across
dividends and buybacks.

‘Our ESG Committee is now the Sustainability
‘Committee, which better reflects the breadth
of our activities. A milestone of which | am
particularly proud is that this year over
300,000 people benefited from our Brighter
Future Fund charitable initiatives,

Group Holdings ple
‘anual Report 2024

People
‘There is no doubt it has been a difficult year
for some of our people as we implemented
greater cost control measures and
streamlined the business. At the same time,
we have widened the scope of support and
benefits available globally. This includes
offering all our employees the opportunity
to become owners with the launch of an
all-employee Global Share Purchase Plan.

‘Throughout the year our people have
continued to maintain their usual
professionalism and high level of engagement

I would like-to take this opportunity

to thank my fellow Board members,

the Executive Committee and all our
people for their ongoing dedication
and work over the past year.

Mike McTighe
Ch
24 July 2024

>
€

won moe josey soueaneD,

‘vopeuves Aveda
ue apousio4s

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

Lots of work to do to

10

unlock

We welcomed Breon Corcoran
as our new Chief Executive
Officer at the end of January,
and recently sat down with
him to hear about his first six
months in the role.

Cr —

Q: Help us set the scene a bit,
what attracted you to IG Group?
It’s a business Ive long admired. I's a
privilege to join a company with such a
great history and market position. We have
a strongly cash-generative business and

a loyal client base -I've been a customer
myself for many years. |have a great interest
in consumer internet businesses that solve.
problems for customers. Our success will
bbe dictated by how well we do that. Our
industry is changing rapidly and we need to
keep pace. We have a solid platform but lots
‘of work to do to take it to the next level.

@: How would you summarise
our Company performance
this year?

joined mid-way through our third quarter
and recognise thet revenue was down on
the prior year inthe fist half, particulary in
‘our OTC business. Performance improved in
the second half,reflecting more supportive
market conditions. My focus is on getting
Closer to our customers and giving them
the products they want, more quickly and
efficiently, This wilimprove our positioning to
Geliver structural growth through the cycle.

@: Can you tell us a bit about
what you've changed since
you arrived, and why?

I spent time initialy in ‘discovery’ mode,
getting up to speed and meeting 3s

many people 2s possible. This helped

the identity ital priorities and ied to a
refresh of our organisational model to
fenhance client centrcity. We now have four
distinct. decentralised divisions - arranged
‘geographically - to better align our product
{and marketing with local needs, There's
‘lot of great work going on and Ive met
alotof talented people who are excited
tobe here. So while take my ole very
seriously, wellhave fun along the wa.

i

i
i
a
z
g