IGGROUP.COM

04044042

IG Group

Empowering ambition,
enabling freedom

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC
ANNUAL REPORT 2023

yan

"*ACCZS026*
As2 2809/2023 14
MPANIES HOUSE

1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC AnnualReport 2023 } troduction | Strategic Report Governance Report FinancialStatements qsnerenolder and

Welcome to our
Annual Report 2023

Who we are

We are a purpose-led global fintech at the
forefront of trading innovation since 1974.

What we do

We empower self-directed traders around the
world by unlocking real-time trading opportunities,
through our award-winning products, educational
content and platforms.

1G GROUP HOLDINGSPLC Annual Report 2023 Strategic Report Governance Report _Financial Statements comparranfermaton

Inside this report

Introduction o
FY25 Highlights 02

Ata Glance 03

Choirs Statement oa

Chit Executive Otficrs Statement os

Strategic Report 09 4 4

Our Purpose and Valves 09

Business Moe! 10

Key Tends Likely to Affect Our Business 2 . .
Key Performance Indicators KPIs) 4 Powerin g the pursuit
Strategic Update 15

Stokehotder Engogemant 20

Seen ab tment 2 of financial freedom :

Tern camamcutdtrncciennaen en
earners F for th bit
Sreerieane Et or the ambitious.
voor Es

Fela eater g

aocrnrconepot te

Sr a comomes cones s

nee %

cee ews 2

soraretare g

bert aces Dug ee g

teremn corms x

eee noe, x

See ee nsPty 8

spec Rune &

foxulegern A

Sree eer nee 2

Ponce Stent =

creole sescupanyinfmaton woo

Group-wide Key Performance Indicator (KP) Definitions ‘194

02 —recnourHo.nmasric Anion 2008 Strategie Report Governance Report Fhancialstetements _g,Sherehelderand

FY23 Highlights

Our year
in summary

A.snapshot of our year Financial!

We are delighted to report a fourth
consecutive record year, with total revenue

anexctng miestone which reflects the £1,022.6m 86.9p 45.2p

success of our strategy.

Total revenue* Basic earnings per share* Total dividend per share

(FY22: £973.1m) (FY22:92.9p) (FY22:44.2p)
[=>] BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW Profit before tax? Net own funds generated from Share buyback announced’
” operations

£449.9m Fsr09m  —=«£250m

(FY22: £477.0m)
(FY22: £437.3m)

‘See appendices for recnciition to statutory measures,
1 Numbers are presented on continuing operations bess

(Onn acusted bass, otal revenue for FY22 was £967 millon Totl ovenue ie calelated a net reding revenue plus netinterestincome. See appendices or reconition
Onn acustod base, profit before tox was £490 5 milion FY22:£494 3 ron)
(Onn acustod bass, earnings per thare was 94.7 pence (FY22:96.3 pence)
Represents the value of share buyback announced a the fl year results

IGGROUPHOLDINGS PLC Annual Report 2025, ko

Ata Glance

Empowering ambition,

Governance Report Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

03

Inspiring tomorrow

Aboutus

Products

We are a purpose-led global fintech at the
forefront of trading innovation since 1974,

Our clients are ambitious and are looking to
take control of their financial future. Our
award-winning products, educational content
and platforms empower self-directed people
the world over to unlock trading opportunities
around the clock.

We are an established member of the
FTSE 250 and have an investment grade
credit rating,

‘Our etiont

> Market access - we provide access to
around 19,000 markets globally

> Superior trade execution - 99% of orders
filled at desired price or better

> Platform reliability - we pride ourselves on
the reliability of our platform, whatever the
market conditions

> Content and education - we have a wide
range of tools, content and education for
alllevels of client experience

> Client servicing - we take a personal
approach to dealing with our clients

‘> Reputation - client surveys show our
reputation is one of the top reasons they
chose us

Over-the-counter derivatives
(orc)

Exchange-traded derivatives
(eT)

‘Stock trading and investments

Content and education

MTC revenue 79%
BETO revenue 18%
CStocktrading 3%

(Our market-leading brands

Ig tastytrade
SPECTRUM IG Prime
DAILYFX tastyworks

04 acrourHovoinasPLe AnnualReport 2023 kw Strategic Report

Chair's Statement

We delivered
another year of
record total
revenue,
surpassing

£1 billion for
the first time.”

Mike McTighe
Chair
19 July 2023

Governance Report Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company information

‘As look back over the year, one aspect of
‘business | have been particularly struck by
is the tremendous impact of being able to.
reconnect again in person

There is no doubt the pandemic has created
arrelationship deficit that we are still working
to fill. Hundreds of new employees have joined
usin that time, many of whom have only just
started to work with colleagues regularly on

a face-to-face basis in the past year.

‘As the Chair of the IG Board, being able
to sit down again in an actual room with

my fellow Directors notably improves

our effectiveness. Being able to discuss
matters and offer immediate reaction

or challenge face-to-face across a table

is empowering. It encourages lively and
healthy debate and the opportunity to share
our diverse thoughts and experiences.

And of course, it provides the chance to
connect at a more personal level as well

Many of these elements were reflected
in the review on Board effectiveness we
conducted this year and remain front
of mind as we look at ongoing Board
composition, which | discuss further in
the Governance section of the report.

Equally, the Directors and | have valued

the opportunity to visit offices in various
locations around the world over the past
year and meet with local teams. This
included a full Board meeting in the US in
November, an important part of our growth
strategy, as well as visits to Bangalore and
Krakow, two of our largest locations and
critical engines of our business. We were
impressed at the energy and enthusiasm
‘demonstrated by our people in all locations
and the strong sense of accountability
imbued throughout the business.

Experiencing this first-hand has really brought
home the importance of interpersonal
connections in building a strong workplace
culture, founded on confidence and
understanding. We are seeing the benefits

of the return to office in delivering inspiring
‘experiences for our employees. At the same
time, we are also applying the lessons learnt
on effective remote working to leverage the
best of both worlds.

Performance
Ona performance front, we have

delivered good results in a year marked
byan extremely uncertain geopolitical
environment that continues to reverberate
across the world. We delivered another
year of record total revenue, surpassing

£1 billion for the first time. This was
underpinned by the sustainability and
loyalty of our OTC client base, who continue
to find opportunity in volatility. We also
benefited from our ability to take advantage
of the higher interest rate environment.

Importantly, we have retained a steady

focus on the successful rollout of our
diversification strategy across products

‘and geography. While the Board will
periodically stress test our approach, as
appropriate, the strategy continues to
deliver, with non-OTC revenue, including the
associated interest income, now a meaningful
contributor at 21% of total revenue.

Capital Allocation Framework.
tam particularly proud that our disciplined
approach to capital allocation and the
framework we established in FY22 has
allowed us to balance a consistent and steady
return to shareholders with support for the

1G. GROUP HOLDINGS PLC Annual Report 2023, ky Strategic Report

Chair's Statement continued

We have taken
steps again this
year to make
sure our
employees
remain
supported.”

£4m

allocated to charities

1in3
employees engaged in
ESG-related act

‘Total capital returned of

£363m

Financial Sta

Governance Report

‘Company Inform

Shareholder and 05

communities that we belong to around the
world. This is in addition to continued organic
investment in the business for growth,

During FY23, we announced share
buybacks of £200 million and the total
capital returned for the period was
£363 milion. We have since announced
a new buyback programme of £250m
alongside a dividend of 45.2p per share.

Here at IG Group, we are committed to
raising the bar by empowering all our
stakeholders and communities on their
respective journeys - whether benefiting
directly as an investor in the company or
accessing the enormous volume of content
and tools we provide clients daily to hone
their skills and act with confidence.

In FY22, we launched our Brighter Future
Fund - a pledge to put 1% of our annual

profits after tax towards charitable
initiatives. This year we allocated £4 million
to support programmes that align with

our strategic theme of empowerment
through education’. Whether focusing on
financial literacy, or increasing diversity in
the technology sector, our donations will
contribute to UN Sustainable Development
Goal (SDG) 4 - ensuring an inclusive and
equitable education for all. Please take

the time to read more about our global
activities further on in the report.

Our people
In all of this we have not lost our focus at
home. We have taken steps again this year

to make sure our employees remain
supported, not just financially but also in their
broader wellbeing through formal and
informal support networks. As always, they
have also given back, with an incredible one in
three of our people engaging in ESG-related
activities during the year.

| would like to take this opportunity to thank
my fellow Board members, the Executive
Committee and all our employees for their
‘ongoing dedication and work over the past
year. At the time of writing this report, our
CEO June Felix is taking a short period of
medical leave. We look forward to welcoming
her back soon and I look forward to an
exciting and fruitful FY24.

06 —iacrourHowninasPLc Annus

report 2023,

Chief Executive Officer's Statement

A passion to
create inspiring
experiences for
clients is at

the heart of
our business.”

June Felix
Chief Executive Officer
19 July 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

AtIG, we are driven by one unrelenting
focus: to offer our ambitious clients the
opportunity to create the financial freedom
they strive for now and in the future.

This means offering a first-class trading
experience that includes market-leading
platforms and tools, access to around
19,000 markets, outstanding trade execution
and unparalleled customer support.

This passion to surpass our clients’
expectations and create inspiring experiences
is at the heart of our business. Ithas

‘enabled us to deliver sustainable, resilient
‘growth over decades by building and
retaining a strong and loyal client base.

‘While we continue to demonstrate the
market-leading strengths of our OTC
derivatives business, we are also making
significant progress on the strategy we
announced in May 2019 to expand and
diversify by product and geography, which
gives us the opportunity to grow the client
base and give existing clients access to
more products and asset classes. Our
success in balancing core growth with
diversification over the last four years
Positioned us extremely well for the
market conditions we saw during FY23.

This year our total revenue exceeded £1
billion for the first time, more than double
our revenue in FY19, while consistently
achieving margins exceeding 40%.

Our people have been a driving force behind
this success. They have a relentless focus on
delivering an outstanding client experience
through superior technology, education

and content, and customer service. | want
to extend my enormous thanks to everyone
for the role they have played in delivering
another year of strong results, and! am

delighted that our employee engagement
results for the Group were 87%. This is
based on measures such as being proud
to work for IG, understanding how their
role contributes to IG's success, and being
committed to helping IG fulfil its purpose.

Client focus
To support our self-directed and ambitious
clients, we curate experiences that makes us.
a trusted partner, underpinned by our market-
leading technology, wide product offering,
and differentiated education and content.

Inthe US, for example, tastylive's passion
for engaging self-directed traders has
transformed the way our clients participate
in the options and futures markets and
how digital financial media is imagined

and produced. It provides original content,
delivered by renowned and respected
personalities, seven days a week. Content
is distributed through live programming,
‘on-demand shows, blogs, podcasts, online
educational courses, live in-person events
and webinars. tastylive understands retail
traders and their needs because they

are traders themselves. This is also why
leading financial institutions, such as CBOE
and the CME have sought partnerships.
with us. Our engaging and accessible
content, combined with our other content
channels across IG is watched globally
more than 100 million times each year.

We also continue to lead the way as
champions of client welfare, and fair client
‘outcomes remain a foundation of our
business. Understanding their needs and
shaping our business model to align with their
interests has contributed to the long-term
sustainable performance of our business. This
approach is part of our culture and makes us

1G GROUPHOLDINGS PLC Anrwsl Report 2023, J vation | Strategic Report

Governance Report Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

07

Chief Executive Officer's Statement continued

the first choice and natural home for active
traders. It means we foster their long-term
loyalty and trust, and brings to life the values
we share to champion the client and do the
right thing,

Our community commitments
‘Making a positive impact in our communities
is important to everyone at IG.

We have pledged to contribute the equivalent
of 1% of post-tax profits to charitable causes,
and we are proud to deliver on this promise

= supporting projects all around the world,
with a particular focus on the theme
‘empowerment through education’. For
example, we continue to work in partnership
with Teach For All and their network of
partner organisations in most of the countries
Where we operate, including Teach First in the
UK, Teach For Poland and Teach For India.
With a shared purpose to make the education
system work for every child, these
Partnerships continue to make a real
difference. As part of this ongoing
commitment, by the end of FY26 we aim to
have positively impacted the lives of 1 million
People around the world.

lam inspired by the work we are enabling
through these partnerships and am humbled
by the engagement of our people who have
passionately supported them through
volunteering and charitable activities. We
have exceeded our goal of a third of our
‘employees engaging in voluntary and
charitable activities each year.

Our strategic progress
InFY19, we launched our strategy to expand
and diversify the Group by both product and
‘geography, leveraging our well-established

strengths in trading and trading products,
technology, and risk management.

Since then, we've made great progress
and while total revenue has more than
doubled, the proportion of revenue from
non-OTC products increased from 5%
to 21%, while the proportion of revenue
from the UK market reduced from 42%
to 34%, primarily driven by our organic
and inorganic growth in the US market.

Given its position as the world’s largest
financial market, the growth in total US
revenues this year, up 47% to £191.3
million, is a particular highlight. The main
driver of this growth is tastytrade, where
significantly higher levels of interest income
offset some softer net trading revenue.

In the year we laid stronger foundations

for future growth, and some highlights

of our progress at tastytradle include:

> Improving client experience by overhauling
mobile applications, creating an open
Application Programming Interface (API),
and launching an upgraded web-based
trading platform, which is now the newest
in the sector. This delivers a scalable,
powerful trading platform to our clients,
backed by outstanding customer service.

> Expanding our equity trading capabilities
to capture a greater share of our clients’
trading portfolios and attract larger client
balances. This allowed us to capitalize on
the rising US interest rate cycle.

> Rebranding the brokerage firm from
tastyworks to tastytrade earlier this year,
setting the stage for it to become
‘household name for trading the
US markets.

08 —icarouPHoupinas PLC AnnualReport 2023 ko Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's Statement continued

Our success in
balancing core
growth with
diversification
over the last
four years
positioned us
extremely well
for the market
conditions in
FY23.”

Governance Report _Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

> Leveraging Group marketing capabilities,
including search engine optimization (SEO),
and building a best-in-class marketing
function.

> Launching the first-ever national brand
‘campaign to raise the profile and
awareness of the business.

‘Combining Group resources, platforms and
capability with decades of experience from
the tasty management team has proved
successful. This has been a key driver in our
marketing efforts and significant delivery of
feature-rich client-facing technology over the
last year. It has been great to see how,
through a combination of these two initiatives,
tastytrade has been able to grow its appeal
from active options and futures traders to
include active equity traders.

In Europe, Spectrum - our pan-European
trading venue for securitised derivatives ~

is.a standout example of our ability to innovate
at scale. Conceived, incubated and built
in-house, Spectrum marked an important
milestone this year by welcoming two top-tier
‘banks, Societe Generale and UniCredit. as,
new product issuers. This shows the strength
of Spectrum's reputation in the European
‘exchange market and means that IG’s
European retail clients (and other distributors
‘on Spectrum) will have access to many
thousands of new products. Spectrum has
significant potential to continue on this,
growth journey as new products and
distributors are onboarded, creating an
engine for scalability and sustainable growth,

In Japan, our business has continued to
succeed. This has been achieved through
sustained investment in our products and
brand to meet the needs of the local market.

‘Our brand campaign and our differentiated
advertising and product innovation have
resulted in us achieving the status of number
‘one international broker in Japan, We
continue to improve our client experience,
with a new risk analysis tool to support our
clients’ trading, and the launch of one of our
content channels, DailyFX. in the region to
boost our coverage and attract prospects to,
our trading platform. Through our continued
investment in Japan, we remain confident of
further growth and are excited by the
significant opportunity the region offers as
part of our strategy.

In the markets where our core OTC business
dominates, we remain in the leadership
Position. FY23 provided some challenging
conditions, with high-inflation, global
recessionary fears and lower levels of market
volatility than seen in recent years. Despite
this, the sophisticated nature of G's OTC
client base shone through, and our market-
leading offering has supported their trading
during the period. We are committed to
supporting these markets with brand-building
West ment. resulting in localised campaigns
and sponsorships during the last 12 months,
despite challenging conditions, to ensure we
maintain our leadership position.

We are well positioned to invest steadily and
consistently for growth given the strength
and stability of our cash flows, our strong
balance sheet and our focus on managing
costs and profit margins.

More than a third of our people work in
technology-related roles or teams and itis a
linchpin in the success of our business. This
year, my executive team and Ihave welcomed
‘Adam Wheelwright as Chief Technology
Officer; his vast experience and passion for

-entric software development will be a
key driving force as we continue our journey
of innovation.

Arich talent pool
‘We are privileged to have such arich, diverse
talent pool across the Group, and one which
is growing in capability all the time. The.
continued engagement and commitment of
our peoples critically important, and we
recognise this year has been challenging for
many as high inflation rates have persisted
and negatively impacted their standard of
living. To support them through this period,
we have undertaken a remuneration review
targeted at our most impacted colleagues.
This process has included external pay award
benchmarking, one-off cost of living booster
payments, and pay rises.

Finally, lam delighted to report that this year
we have again achieved a number of
impressive accreditations that recognise our
fantastic culture and working environment.
These include the Great Place to Work
certification in our India and Poland offices,
and the Top Employer certification in the UK
and South Africa. In the UK, we were also
named on The Sunday Times’ Best Places

to Work list for 2023 and ranked among
Newsweek's 2023 Global Top 100 Most
Loved Workplaces. These are all brilliant
achievements and a real testament to the
culture and environment we have built - one
where we learn fast together, champion the
client and continually raise the bar. look
forward to further strengthening that culture
and enjoying continued success over the
years to come as we drive the business,
towards our strategic ambitions.

1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC AnnualReport 2023,

Introduction GovernanceReport Financia statements

Our Purpose and Values

‘Shareholder and
Company information

09

Powering the pursuit of financial
freedom for the ambitious

Purpose

Strategic drivers

Values

‘Our purpose is simple: to power the pursuit of
financial freedom for the ambitious. We are
passionate about providing the best
experience for our clients, putting them at the
heart of everything we do to support them on
their trading and investing journeys.

POWERING

s THEPURSUT
OF FINANCIAL
FREEDOM FOR

He akarmous

Our strategic drivers guide the decisions we make and keep us on track to achieve our purpose.

Every ambitious person

Unrelenting in our drive to reach ambitious
people across the globe. Wherever they are,
they all share similar characteristics: they're
driven and self-directed. We exist to help
them in their pursuit of financial freedom, and
we acknowledge that this means something
different for everyone.

Products that power
Evolving our product portfolio to provide
greater choice and flexibility in the pursuit of
financial freedom. Through innovation, we
can power every ambitious person with
market-leading technology, platforms,
products and exchanges. Our focus on
education gives our clients the understanding
and confidence to harness that power to.
achieve their goals.

Inspiring experiences
Creating personalised experiences that
engage, educate and empower. We invest in
our award-winning platforms to provide
faster, clearer and smarter ways to trade. User
experience is the top reason clients trade with
us. We also encourage our colleagues to work
collaboratively to produce excellent results
and get the most out of their roles.

Tuned for growth
Developing our capabilities and infrastructure
for growth, balancing the need for agility with
robust controls and risk management.
‘Successfully diversifying our business
geographically and by product has been
possible due to our strong scalable
foundations. As we continue to grow, this
remains a key focus in our technology, our
‘operations and our financial strength.

(Our values inform all the decisions that
we make, from day-to-day interactions
with colleagues or clients through to
the boardroom,

Champion the client
We want our clients to trade profitably, and
our business model aligns our interests.

Learn fast together
This is key to our culture of innovation. We
know that not everything will work perfectly
the first time, but we encourage our
colleagues to be innovative, productive and
collaborative to accelerate growth and drive
personal development.

Raise the bar

As the market leader in our industry, with a
strong reputation for doing the right thing for
all of our stakeholders, we encourage our
colleagues to constantly raise the bar.

10 iacrourHoLoinasPic AnnualRerort 2023,

Introduction Strategic Report Governance Report

Business Model

A model for building momentum

Our resources

Our products

cial Statements

‘Shareholder and

Company Information

Creating value for our stakeholders

Technology

We continue to invest in product
development, technology resilience
and platform quality, and provide our
clients with cutting-edge resources to
support their trading,

Brand and reputation

We are a global leader in online
trading, with a strong reputation which
has been built over nearly 50 yeers. We
are known for our excellent platforms,
risk management and client service.

People and culture

Our values define a culture of support
‘and innovation. We have some of the
best talent in the industry and foster
an environment which allows our
people to excel, resulting in the best
service for our clients.

Financial capacity

Our business model is highly cash
generative. This gives us the capacity
to invest in the business to supgort
future growth, return capital to
shareholders and evaluate other uses
of capital, including acquisitions.

‘Our resources and strengths as a business come together to provide four products

for our clients:

otc 1D

Stock
trading and
investments

Content
and
‘education

>ContractsFor >} On-exchange

> Share trading

> 10hrs daily live

Difference leveraged programming
1G Smart
(CFDs) securities (EU) Portfolios > News and
> OTC FX > Options and {in association original content
> oTCoptions futures (US) with BlackRock) Webinars
> ISAand SIPPs and tutorials
(via share
trading)
‘Our market-leading brands
Exchange traded Stock trading
ore erates seemed Sekt contr
IG SPECTRUM IG IG
1G Prime tastytrade tastyline
DAILYFX

Investors

Delivering attractive returns across an
increasingly diversified business from
strong financial position.

Clients

Providing a high-quality global
platform, excellent client service

and a range of distinctive educational
content to support our ambitious
clients.

Communities

Playing our part to support our
communities, with a focus on
empowerment through education.

Colleagues

Recruiting, engaging and inspiring
our people through an inclusive
environment that enables them to
develop as professionals with best-in-
class resources, training and support.