IGGROUP.COM &

Igniting change.
Accelerating growth.

*ABFAUSEA*

COMPANIES HOUSE

IG Group

Introduction

IG Group is a leading global
fintech, led by a clear purpose
to power the pursuit of financial

ATAGLANCE

bed PG.02

freedom for the ambitious.

Introduction Governance Report
Ata Glance 2 Governance at a Glance 56
Chair's Statement 4 = Chair's Introduction to Corporate Governance 58
Chief Executive Officer's Statement 6 The Board . 60
Governance Framework 64
Strategic Report Board Governance 66
Our Purpose and Values 10 Nomination Committee Report 76
Key Trends Likely to Affect Our Business 12 Directors’ Remuneration Report and Policy 79
Business Model 14 Remuneration At a Glance 82
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) 16 Audit Committee Report 102
Strategic Update 18 —ESG Committee Report 110
Stakeholder Engagement 22 Board Risk Committee Report 12
Section 172(1) Statement 24 ~~ Directors’ Report 115
ESG at a Glance 26 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 118
ESG Report 27 Independent Auditors’ Report 119
Chief Financial Officer's Statement 36
Business Performance Review 38 Financial Statements 130
Risk Management 46
Going Concern and Viability Statement 54 Shareholder and Company Information
. Shareholder and Company Information 192
Appendices 194
Group-wide KPI Definitions 196

THIS REPORT IS ONLINE
> IGGROUP.COM

: Shareholder and
Introduction Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements ‘Company Information

a

KPIs
PG. 16

Financial Highlights FY22

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW

> PG. 38

Total revenue’ . Profit before tax?
(2021: £837.6m) (2021: £446.0m)
Basic earnings per share* Net own funds generated from operations

92.9p £437.5m

(2021: 99.8p)

(2021: £422.8m)

44.2p

(2021: 43.2p)

1. Totatravenue includes £5.8 milion foreign exchange hedging gain associated with the financing of the tastytrade acquisition. On an adjusted basis,
total revenue was £967.3m.

2. Profit before texincludes £33.7 milion of costs and recurring non-cash costs associated with the tastytrade acquisition and integration ond
£3.5 milion relating to the sale of Nadex and Small Exchange. On an adjusted basis, profit before tax was £494.3m.

3. Earnings per share include £1.0 million of accelerated financing expense associated with the debt issuance. On an adjusted basis, basic earnings per
share was 96.3 pence.

4. The Group uses alternative performance messures to provide additional information on the perférmance of the business. For more detail a our KP
dofinition on page 196.

1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022 1

INTRODUCTION

At a Glance

1G Group is a purpose-led global fintech
that has been at the forefront of trading
innovation since 1974.

Our geographies

IG Group Holdings plc (IGGH or the
Company) is ari established member of
the FTSE 250 and was given a long-term
investment grade credit rating of BBB-
with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings
in September 2021.

Our clients are ambitious, and are
looking to take control of their financial
future. Our award-winning products, our
educational content and our platforms
empower these ambitious people the
world over to unlock opportunities
around the clock, giving them access

to around 19,000 financial markets.

‘erecaao

Employees across 24 offices

2,507

Active clients in FY22 Markets offered to trade

381,000+

1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

~19,000

Shareholder and
Introduction Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements ‘Company Information

—_ Oe

Our purpose

Powering the pursuit
of financial freedom
for the ambitious

Our products Our brands Our proposition
_ IG tastytrade Multiple growth levers

— in a significant and
— growing global market

SPECTRUM IG Prime

DAILYFX tastyworks High-quality client base,
driving sustained and

enduring value

Market-leading
content, technology

: and platforms

I Over-the-counter (OTC) 84% '

= ETD 13% Strong cash flow and

Stock trading 3% liquidity with robust
risk management

Diversified business by
geography and product

Offices worldwide Hours of educational content Post-tax profits pledged to charities

24 4,000+ 1%

1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022 3

INTRODUCTION

Chair’s Statement

This has been an
exciting year of
growth and
progress as we
live our purpose.”

Mike McTighe
Chair

The Group has had an exceptional

year, both in terms of the record
performance delivered and the strategic
progress made. | am extremely proud

of the ongoing transformation of

the business, and | am confident we

are ideally placed to take advantage

of the opportunities ahead.

The acquisition of tastytrade, Inc.
(tastytrade) during the year provided
a step-change towards achieving

our diversification strategy, while the
sale of North American Derivatives
Exchange, Inc. (Nadex) and Small
Exchange Inc. (Small Exchange)
exemplifies our focus on areas where
we see significant room for growth.

Our clear purpose and strategy has
guided our decision making in the
year, including the formalisation of our
Capital Allocation Framework, which
includes our pledge to donate the
equivalent of 1% of post-tax profits to
charitable causes each year from 2022
to 2025, subject to Board approval.

Record performance

The record performance is particularly
pleasing given the exceptional activity
levels seen during the pandemic.

We differentiate ourselves by the
quality of our clients, and this in

turn differentiates our results.

A

Introduction

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Shareholder and
‘Company Information

We are able to continually attract and
retain these high-quality clients for
three key reasons: our product offering,
trade execution and client service. Our
ever-growing client base continues

to find opportunities to trade, and

this underpins our business growth.

Performance in some of our.
regions such as the US, Japan

and our pan-European multi-
lateral trading facility brings
diversification and offers significant
strategic growth opportunities.

Focus on capital stewardship
Over the course of the last 12
months, the Board has been focused
on responsible capital stewardship,
balancing regulatory capital and
liquidity requirements, the need for
investment in the future growth of the
business, and returns to shareholders.

As a result, in addition to the
comprehensive debt refinancing
completed during the year, we have
established a new Capital Allocation
Framework which clearly sets out .

the basis on which the Board will

make capital allocation decisions.

In the framework, we have stated our
new policy of an regular distributions of
around 50% of adjusted profit after tax.

In accordance with this new
framework, we also announced our
intention to return surplus capital to

shareholders via the repurchase of
ordinary shares up to an aggregate
purchase price of up to £150 million.
We aim to substantially complete this
buyback programme within FY23.

We will continue to ensure that we

hold sufficient capital resources for
regulatory purposes and to support.
business growth, though we will avoid
holding excess capital in the business. -

Continuing to strengthen our
leadership
During the year, we welcomed Susan
Skerritt (appointed to the Board in July
2021) as a Non-Executive Director.
Susan is an established Non-Executive
Director and a US resident, and brings
significant financial markets experience
of working with US-based companies
and regulators. That experience and
local knowledge is already proving
invaluable as we increase our focus
‘on the US. Susan is a member of
both the IG North American Board
(IGNA) and the IG Group Holdings
(IGGH) Board Risk Committee.

In support of the acquisition of
tastytrade, the Board has taken the
opportunity to review the governance

. arrangements in the US to optimise
oversight and support of the US
companies by the wider Group. Having
taken soundings from our external
advisers, the Board concluded that a
North American Board was appropriate,
re-purposing a pre-existing Board to

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

focus in particular on governance,
regulation and compliance.

Supporting our people

The past couple of years have
undoubtedly been a very challenging
time for many, due to several factors
including the global pandemic,
followed by conflict in Ukraine.

Our people have again proven their
dedication and commitment to our
business, our clients, and society.
Collectively, we have taken many steps
to address these challenges, both for
our employees and for the communities
in which we operate. This has been

a combination of ESG programmes
through our Brighter Future Fund and
employee assistance programmes.

In turn, our employees have also
stepped up and provided support to
those facing undue hardships, which
has been incredibly moving and
inspiring. We will continue with these
endeavours as part of our holistic aim
to remain a good corporate citizen.

This has been an exciting year of growth
and progress as we live our purpose.

c=)

|

Mike McTighe
Chair
20 July 2022

INTRODUCTION

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

iT
Today, we are
a purpose-led

fintech delivering

outstanding
results.”

_ June Felix
Chief Executive Officer

Over the last 12 months we have
delivered exceptional results.

We have achieved outstanding financial
performance while continuing our
journey to become a more diversified,
innovative, global fintech. We have made
great strides since we announced our
strategy in 2019, and we now see the
emergence of a materially evolved
organisation. Today, we are in a very
strong position in multiple markets,
offering our ambitious clients a great
range of products to meet their needs.
Through our organic and inorganic
regional expansion, we have created
substantial scope for growth in
significant and larger addressable
markets. | strongly believe that we are
better positioned for future growth than
ever before.

Our ability to perform in changing
macro conditions and uncertain markets
is the result of the disciplined execution
of our strategy, and our business model.
We are not only increasing revenues but
diversifying the sources of our revenues.
This positions us well for long-term,
sustainable growth. ~

The performance we have achieved has
not been replicated consistently across

our-peer group and is a testament to
several key factors that differentiate

Key achievements in FY22:
> Delivered a record financial performance

> Strengthened our strategic position in two
of the world’s largest financial markets

> Expanded our large, global, high-quality
client base .

> Committed 1% of post-tax profits to charitable
causes each year from 2022 to 2025

> Completed our first corporate bond issuance

> Announced our new Capital Allocation
Framework and share buyback programme

ee

Introduction

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

us from others in the sector. These
include the size and quality of our.client
base of ambitious, active traders, our
proven market risk management model,
and most of all, the dedication and
commitment of our people, who strive
every day to provide a better experience
for our clients ‘and for the communities
in which we operate. | would like to
begin by expressing my thanks to
everyone at IG Group as we take every
step together to live our purpose.

I'm proud to be able to share how we are
delivering on our promises.

Apurpose-led, global fintech

We launched our new purpose over

a year ago, crystallising our vision to
power the pursuit of financial freedom
for the ambitious. This ‘North Star’
ensures we put our clients at the heart
of everything we do and support them
on their trading and:investing journeys.
Today, we are a purpose-led fintech
delivering outstanding results.

With operations in 20 countries across

“five continents, we are delivering the
world’s best technology, platforms,
products and exchanges - opening up
a wider range of trading and investment
opportunities to ambitious people
around the world.

IG Group has a long history of innovating
to meet market needs and to best serve
clients. Over the last five decades,

we have evaluated how the financial
landscape has evolved and we have
moved in tandem by creating relevant
and responsive products. We are
already well known for our OTC
derivatives products, allowing traders to
take advantage of changes in an asset's
price without owning the asset itself. We
enable clients to trade in around 19,000
markets encompassing indices,
individual equities, commodities and

foreign exchange. '

Our heritage embodies the spirit of
our future - to consistently determine

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

how we can best serve self-directed
investors who want to own their financial
futures. To keep meéting our clients’
needs, we continually evaluate the
changing landscape and respond in
kind with relevant offerings. We have
evolved from a UK-centric, OTC-
focused firm into a global business,
strategically and methodically
expanding by product and by region,
especially in the United States and

Asia, which are both large markets with
significant growth opportunities. We've
achieved this through a combination

of organic and inorganic strategies.

Our business in Japan shows how

we applied our winning formula of
delivering innovative products tailored
for local needs backed by our global
platforms, expertise and resources.
Revenues have increased more than
400% in that business from FY19,

and it continues to go from strength
to strength. As a result, Japan is

now one of our largest markets.

Acquiring tastytrade last year enabled
us to accelerate our strategy to expand
into exchange-traded products

and better establish our presence

in the US, the largest retail financial
market in the world. The addition

of tastytrade significantly increases
our total addressable market to over

21 million active traders, by adding

14 million active traders of options,
futures and cash equities in the US.
This large market of self-directed,
ambitious investors has over 100 million
accounts with the main US brokerages.

In addition, we have a stock trading and
investments business which offers
clients the opportunity to buy and sell a
range of over 12,000 global shares and
exchange traded funds with competitive
and transparent transaction fees. We
believe our success in gaining clients
during the last few years shows that this
Gan be another potential growth lever in
the future.

Playing our part in our
communities

We strive to make a difference for our
clients and for the wider communities
in which we operate.

We recognise our responsibilities as
a global corporate citizen, and! am
particularly proud of the steps we
have taken to further embed our
environmental, social and governance
(ESG) strategy across our business.
In December 2021, we pledged to
contribute the equivalent of 1% of
our post-tax profits to charitable
causes from 2022 to 2025, subject
to ongoing Board approval.

This new pledge is part of our ongoing
commitment to play a part in helping
improve the futures of young people
around the world - inspiring them to
explore possil ies and reach their
potential in life through learning.

The 1% commitment is a natural step
for our Brighter Future Fund, which
was established in 2020 with an initial
£5 million contribution from IG. The
majority of our new 1% pledge will be
our mechanism for making regular and
substantial payments into this fund each
year until 2025. The Brighter Future
Fund will support projects around the
globe that align with the themes of
empowerment through education and
the environment.

This builds on our strong track record of

community outreach, where the level of

our commitment continues to set us

apart from our peers. Key highlights

from the last year include:

> Continuing to work closely with our
key strategic partner Teach For All
and members of their network,
including Teach First, Teach For
Poland and Teach For India. We
support these charities as they fight
to make the education system work
for every child

> We are entering a partnership with
UK-based charity Learning with
Parents which focuses on financial
literacy and, in particular, looks at
ways to help parents support their
child’s financial education

INTRODUCTION

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement continued

> Anew partnership with Chance To
Shine, a programme which helps
young girls to become future leaders
through the transformative power
of cricket

In recognition of our credentials as a
responsible and sustainable business,
IG has become a constituent of the
FTSE4Good Index.

Delivering on our promises
Through the concerted effort of my
talented and valued colleagues, we
made good on our commitment to
become a more global, diversified and
sustainable business.

We delivered strong strategic progress
across the Group, with stand out
performance in product diversification
and in extending our platform into new
markets. This focus on growth and
diversification has seen us double our
revenues since FY19, with great
progress made across the key.
geographical regions in which we

now operate.

We also continue to make progress in
Europe with Spectrum, our Frankfurt-
based pan-European trading venue

for securitised derivatives. This year
Spectrum welcomed two additional
brokers and introduced further trading
opportunities on turbo certificates with
selected equities and cryptocurrencies.
Further growth is expected in FY23 and
beyond as we integrate additional
third-party brokers, as well as integrate
two tier-1 European banks as product
issuers later this year.

In Japan, we have enjoyed considerable
recent success, tailoring our offering to
best suit the needs and wants of local .
clients. Our ability to localise continues
to pay dividends, allowing us to leverage
our platform and technology capability
across different markets.

This approach of focusing on growth
and expansion, while being disciplined in
the strategic decisions and investments
we choose to make, has ensured we are
outperforming against the strategy we
set ourselves and sets an even stronger
foundation from which we can grow.
This means being strategic and focused
‘on what we decide to do and also on
what we decide not to do.

We completed the sale of two
businesses, Nadex and Small Exchange,
in March 2022 for $216 million,
representing a significant return on
investment for these businesses. This
sale gives us the opportunity to reinvest
into our businesses, expanding our
efforts in tastytrade and in other related
opportunities as they arise.

Foundations for success

Since our earliest days, we have
delivered innovative financial solutions
for our clients. This success is
underpinned by our people, our
expertise and our focus on continuous
improvement and innovation.

This year, we have made some

key leadership changes to further
strengthen our expertise and leverage
our capabilities. To represent our
investment in key regions, we have
appointed new regional CEOs to drive
success in our three key geographies:
Matt Macklin is the regional CEO for the
UK, APAC+ and Emerging Markets, Matt
Brief leads as regional CEO for Europe,
and Joe (JJ) Kinahan has been appointed
as CEO for North America. They all bring
significant experience and expertise to
our regions and to the Executive
Committee team.

By combining global resources and
regional expertise, we plan to create
more innovative, distinctive solutions
that meet clients’ needs at a more
targeted level. We will take advantage
of our global platform and local insights
to deliver sustainable growth through
both organic and selective inorganic
investment. Additionally, we have a keen
eye on expanding and fulfilling our ESG
goals. By keeping those goals running in
parallel we believe this will ensure we
excel in both the short and long term.

Capital management and liquidity
Our balance sheet is strong, and we are
a highly cash-generative business.
During the year, we successfully
completed a comprehensive debt
refinancing exercise and implemented
anew long-term funding structure.

These important steps will provide
additional, significant levels of liquidity
to further support our strategic growth
gthening the maturity of
ies, enhancing our

'y, and providing

financial flexi

material headroom within our total
facilities. The refinancing involved our
first corporate bond issue of an
investment-grade, seven-year, £300

_ Million, senior unsecured note, and a

new £300 million committed revolving
credit facility, with an initial maturity of
three years.

We have also announced our new
Capital Allocation Framework, setting
out how it supports our strategic goals,
as well as outlining the thinking behind
it. This is an important step in shaping
the business, and positioning us for
the future.

Pe

June Felix
Chief Executive Officer
20 July 2022

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

ee

Introduction Strategic Report

Governance Report

+ Shareholder and

Financial Statements ‘Company Information

Capital Allocation Framework

Our Capital Allocation Framework: balances
delivering sustainable returns to shareholders
with ongoing investment in the business to
execute our growth strategy.

The Group will retain sufficient capital as
required to maintain a strong balance sheet,
to invest in organic growth and fulfil our

citizenship commitment of allocating 1% of
adjusted profit after tax to charitable causes,
prior to the declaration of Regular Distributions.
Following these allocations of capital,

the Group will consider inorganic growth
investments and Additional Distributions

to shareholders of capital that are surplus

to our requirements.

1. Regulatory capital
requirements

Hold an appropriate level of
regulatory capital and liquidity.

4. Regular
distributions

Regular distribution of around 50%
of adjusted profit after tax,

2. Organic investment
to growth

Generate operating return
on‘existing capital and invest
organically for future growth.

5. Inorganic
investments

Ongoing disciplined assessment
of potential acquisitions.

3. Commitments
on citizenship

Commitment to donate 1% of
profit after tax to charitable causes
until 2025.

6. Additional shareholder
returns

Return of surplus capital not
required for other priorities.

delivering modest growth in
dividend per share.

Regular distributions

The Board has adopted a sustainable,
progressive dividend policy. This is
expected to deliver (1) modest annual
growth in the dividend per share over
the current planning cycle, and (2) an
interim dividend set at 30% of the prior
year, full year dividend.

The Board expects aggregate regular
annual distributions to shareholders of
around 50% of adjusted profit after tax
each year. The Group will retain an
element of discretion on the methods
of return which may include share
buybacks or special dividends.

4G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

The flexibility provided by this approach
is.intended to mitigate the impact of
potential short-term fluctuations in the
business cycle on the annual ordinary
dividend per share paid to shareholders.

Additional distributions

The Board will continue to keep the level
of capital on the balance sheet under
regular review.

Capital that is not required to fund
either planned business investment or
potential inorganic investment to
accelerate delivery of the Group's
strategic plans will be periodically
returned to shareholders as Additional
Distributions, over and above Regular
Distributions. Such distributions will
be through share buybacks or special
dividends with the Board considering
anumber of factors to determine the
mechanism which is most accretive to
shareholder value.

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our Purpose and Values

Powering the pursuit
of financial freedom
for the ambitious

FIND OUT MORE AT

IGGROUP.COM/ABOUT-US

Our purpose

Our blueprint for the future.

It will deliberately stretch us for years to come. ee POWERING
It provides us with a fundamental question os reboot
against which to assess decisions - ‘is what hfe ‘THE AMBITIOUS
we're doing powering the pursuit of financial “se ca

freedom for the ambitious?’. It requires us to a = oe ee

have a deep understanding of our clients, and

to diversify into new markets and products. oa os we

As we make further progress towards achieving
our.purpose, we will enable more people to _.
become financially self-reliant and therefore.
make a greater contribution to society.

10 IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022