Strong

foundations.
‘Entrepreneurial
vision. |

many Number0 : 04677092

| fim in
IG Group a.

*AAEASB40*
30/09/2021 #196
COMPANIES HOUSE

1 o—>
—
|

INTRODUCTION

INTRODUCTION
Chairman's Statement
Chief Executive Officer's Statement

STRATEGIC REPORT

Strategic Update

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

Key Trends Likely to Affect Our Business
Business Model

Section 172(1) Statement by the Board
Stakeholder Engagement

ESG Report

Chief Executive Officer's Review

Chief Financial Officer's Statement
Business Performance Review

Risk Management

Going Concern and Viability Statement

GOVERNANCE REPORT

Chairman’s Introduction
to Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Statement

The Board

Board Governance

Nomination Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report and Policy
Audit Committee Report

ESG Committee Report

Board Risk Committee Report
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
Independent Auditors’ Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER AND COMPANY INFORMATION

Shareholder and Company Information
Appendices

Group-wide Key Performance
Indicator (KPI) Definitions

THIS REPORT IS ONLINE:
IGGROUP.COM

02
04

08
12
14
16
18
20
22
34
37
39
46
56

58
60
62
66
75

101
109
1
114
17
118

176
178

180

Financial Highlights 2021

REVENUE"?

£853.4m

(2020: £649.2m)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX®

£450.3m

(2020: £295.9m)

NET OWN FUNDS GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS*

£422.8m

(2020: £287.9m)

BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE®

100.7p

(2020: 65.3p)

TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE

43.2p

(2020: 43.2p)

FOR MORE INFORMATION
PG.34-45

1 Throughout this report ‘revenue’ refers to net trading revenue (ie excluding interest
on segregated client funds jer deducting introducing partner commissions).

2 Revenue includes £7.9 million of one-time hedging costs associated with the
acquisition of tastytrade, Inc. (testytrade’). On an adjusted basis, revenue was
£861.3 million.

3 Profit before tex includes £19.6 milion of one-time costs associated with the
acquisition of tastytrade. On an adjusted basis, profit before tax was £477.9 million,

4° The Group uses alternative performance measures to provide additional information
on the performance of the business. For more detail, see our KPI definitions on
page 180.

5. Basic earnings per share includes one-time charges associated with the acquisition
of tastytrade. On an adjusted basis, basic earnings per share was 108.3p.

Introduction Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Shareholder and

Company Information

Delivered record revenue,
profit and a sustainable step
change in the active client
base — aided by favourable
market conditions — while
continuing to build a
diversified global business.

What we do Our products

Challenge ourselves to develop the OTC leveraged derivatives
world’s best technology, platforms, CFDs, spread betting, options
products and exchanges — opening up Exchange traded derivatives
a wider range of trading and investment Via Nadex and Spectrum

Stock trading and investments

opportunities to ambitious people
: Share dealing service, IG Smart Portfolios,

around the world.

Our global operations

2,094 employees in 20 countries, working
from offices across Europe, the Middle East,
Africa, Australia; Asia and the US.

Who we're for

The ambitious and the entrepreneurial,
those who love a challenge and are
restless in their pursuit of opportunity.
We customise our offering for three
trader types - retail, high-value and
institutional - to ensure we build the
best experience.

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

o1

INTRODUCTION

Chairman's Statement

An
exceptional
year

In a year like no other, the Group has performed
exceptionally and achieved record financial results.
It has delivered against its strategy and taken
significant steps to become a more global,
diversified and sustainable business.”

MIKE McTIGHE
CHAIRMAN

02 1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

lam extremely proud of

the strategic progress and
performance IG has delivered
over this financial year. IG has
continued to prove itself as an
ethical, client-focused provider
of financial services and
products around the world.

Ina year like no other, the Group has
performed exceptionally and achieved
record financial results. It has delivered
against its strategy and taken significant
steps to become a more global,
diversified and sustainable business.

lam particularly pleased with how
the business has continued to evolve
and grow to deal with the challenges
of what has been an unprecedented
year. The resilience and dedication
shown by our people in continuing

to meet the exceptional demand
presented by the external environment
is impressive, as is their unrelenting
commitment to the clients they serve.

Over the last 12 months | have been
focused on ensuring IG continues to
build its governance structures and

its focus on long-term sustainability. |
have continued to bolster the strength
and diversity of the Board and am
pleased with the progress made

~— | believe we have laid a fantastic
foundation that makes the Group
incredibly well-placed for the future.

Record performance

I'd like to begin by acknowledging the
record performance IG has delivered
over this financial year. The Group
has had the busiest period ever seen
over its 47-year history, and over the
last 12 months it has delivered record
client growth and record revenue.

We have seen a significant increase

in demand for the products we offer,
which has been fuelled by months of
sustained volatility in the global financial
markets. These macro conditions

have presented clients with significant
trading opportunities and attracted
significant numbers of new clients.

Most importantly, IG has been
unwavering in its application of good
governance and has grown the client

Introduction Strategic Report

base without any compromise on
client quality. Clients wanting to trade
leveraged derivatives have to meet IG’s
industry-leading onboarding criteria,
which ensures that IG continues to
be defined and differentiated by its
good conduct and client-centric
business model. This is something
that encourages long-term, enduring
relationships ~ throughout this period
of impressive growth, IG continues

to be able to attract and retain
ambitious, self-directed clients.

lam also pleased to see that the
business grew substantially in product
lines such as share dealing. This
shows that IG can offer a variety

of products to a broader client

base than it has historically, and
demonstrates that the business can
meaningfully diversify beyond its

core leveraged derivatives product.

Delivering against a clear strategy
The IG team has proven it can deliver
and I'm proud of the progress that has
been achieved against the strategy. Two
years ago, in May 2019, IG articulated a
three-year growth strategy that aimed
to grow the core business by 3 - 5%

and grow revenue from a portfolio

of areas, identified as Significant
Opportunities, by £100 million.

Akey part of the strategy was the
ambition to diversify into new product
lines and into new geographies. For
example, Spectrum, IG’s multilateral
trading facility that enables clients
across Europe to trade on-exchange
products, was part of the Significant
Opportunities portfolio and shows

that IG can disrupt and innovate in new
markets. A year ahead of schedule,

IG has announced it has substantially
achieved the financial targets it set for
its Significant Opportunities portfolio
and exceeded growth expectations in
its core business. This is due not only to
higher: demand for our products driven
by market volatility, but exceptional
performance by our people.

In June 2021, IG completed the
acquisition of tastytrade. This was
a landmark transaction and the
largest in IG’s history. This deal
really underscores the ambition of
the Group to continue to grow its
global presence as a multi-product
trading and investments provider.

Governance Report

FIND OUT MORE:
CEO'S STATEMENT PG. 4
STRATEGIC UPDATE PG. 8

Continuing to strengthen

our Board

One of my continuing priorities has
been to ensure we have a strong Board
that can hold the business to account
and critically inform decision-making.
We've made continuing progress on this
front with the appointments of Rakesh
Bhasin, Wu Gang and Susan Skerritt.
Rakesh brings extensive technology
and global markets knowledge,
specifically in Asia-Pacific. Wu Gang
has a strong strategic and financial
advisory background and a wealth of
international experience spanning over
25 years. Susan Skerritt was appointed
earlier this month and is an experienced
Non-Executive Director. She brings
significant financial markets experience
working with US-based companies and
regulators. All three appointments serve
to build the strength of the Board which
Ihave sought to ensure is relevant,
diverse and international in outlook.

| would also like to extend my thanks to
Bridget Messer, who will be stepping
down from the Board on 22 September,
and to Jim Newman, who stepped down
from the Board in December. Bridget
has had a distinguished career at IG
spanning 16 years and joined the Board
as an Executive Director in 2018. Jim
served as a Non-Executive Director

for seven years. The Board benefitted
immensely from their expertise and |
would like to express my sincere thanks
to Bridget and Jim for their service.

Committing to a new purpose

In light of such impressive performance
it would have been easy to simply

stay on the course that has proved
successful. Instead, our high-
performing team has chosen to stretch
itself and in recent months we have
come together as an Executive and
Board to really think about the future
of IG.and the type of organisation we
want to be. We have committed to a
new purpose: powering the pursuit of
financial freedom for the ambitious.
This purpose will anchor future
decision-making and sets an aspiration

and mindset for years to’ come.

Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

Environmental, social and
governance focus

We understand the importance and
responsibility we have as a business
and global citizen. Since | was
appointed Chairman of the Board in
February 2020, Ihave been focused
on ensuring that the Group has the
right governance structures and
Board in place to ensure it can truly
deliver its potential. Over the last

12 months the Group has introduced
a comprehensive environmental,
social and governance (ESG) strategy
and made substantial donations
through our Brighter Future Fund.

Over the next 12 months | look forward
to IG further embedding the ESG
strategy and continuing to progress

in this critically important area.

> FIND OUT MORE:
ESG REPORT PG. 22

Dedication and resilience of

our people

The past 12 months have been
dominated globally by the Covid-19
pandemic. This has brought about
challenges and uncertainty for many.
Throughout this period, our brave,
open-minded and inventive employees
have exhibited an unwavering
commitment to the clients they

serve, and collaborated to take on the
challenge together. They have shown
a positive, pioneering spirit, always
looking to improve our platform and
capabilities in the interest of our clients.

Our people truly set us apart and
are determined to succeed. It

is through their hard work and
dedication that we have been able
to deliver such impressive results.

MIKE McTIGHE
CHAIRMAN
22 July 2021

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021 03

INTRODUCTION

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

For the secon
year running,

we have

rewritten the
record books

As Chief Executive Officer of IG, | am delighted to
update you_on the performance and achievements
of the Group over the last 12 months.”

JUNE FELIX
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

04 IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

We have shown our ability to be
innovative and agile, and have
made good on our promises,
substantially outperformed
against our three-year
strategy and delivered a
record-breaking financial
performance. Today, we are
more global, diversified and
sustainable than ever before.

We have taken tangible steps to ensure
we continue to raise standards in our
industry and make a bigger difference
in the world, as a global, technology-
driven financial services provider.

A provider that is differentiated by its
conduct, one that has the ability to
consistently change, challenge and
innovate for the better, and one that
strives to build a better experience
for clients around the world:

This year’s performance would not have
been possible without the dedication
and commitment of our people. |
would like to begin by expressing my
thanks to everyone at IG. | would also
like to acknowledge the contribution
made by Bridget Messer. Bridget
recently shared her intention to step
down as an Executive Director. For
16 years, the business has benefitted
from her expertise. | wish Bridget
and her family the very best as they
start a new chapter in Australia and
thank her for all she has done for IG.

Delivering on our promises

In May 2019 we set out a clear
strategy and three-year growth
plan. Our medium-term targets
were to achieve an annual growth
rate of 3 - 5% in our Core Markets,
and to expand our business by an
additional £100 million of revenue
through our Significant Opportunities
portfolio of growth initiatives.

This was a three-year ambition, with
a target date of the end of the 2022
financial year. | referred to this as ‘30
in 3’ =| wanted IG to grow by 30% in
three years, and sol am especially
proud to announce that we are not

Introduction Strategic Report

Key achievements in FY21:

> Outperformed against
the strategy we set out in
May 2019

> Delivered a record-
breaking financial
performance

> Launched a new
purpose to help us seize
the opportunities of
tomorrow

only outperforming against the
strategy as a whole, but that we have
substantially achieved one of our
targets a year ahead of schedule,

Our actions have delivered fantastic
growth in our Core Markets, which
is currently well ahead of the 3 - 5%
per annum rate we set. In the 2021
financial year our annual rate of
growth in the core was 31% higher.

When looking at the Significant
Opportunities portfolio, we have been
strategic in deciding the rate at which
these different opportunities have been
progressed. |am pleased to report

that this disciplined focus has ensured
we have substantially achieved our
Significant Opportunities target a year
ahead of schedule. In the 2021 financial
year revenue from our Significant
Opportunities portfolio was £151.8
million, an increase of £93.1 million
since the launch of our strategy in 2019.

Our strategic achievements have
been driven by high levels of
attainment across the Group, with
standout performance in product
diversification and in extending
our platform into new markets.

Governance Report

> Introduced a
comprehensive
global ESG strategy

> Achieved a step change
in the size of our high-
quality client base

> Successfully acquired -
tastytrade, the largest
acquisition in IG’s history

In Japan and the US, for example,

we have enjoyed considerable
recent success, tailoring our offering
to best suit the needs and wants of
local clients. Our ability to localise
effectively has paid dividends,
allowing us to leverage our platform
and technology capability into
attractive new jurisdictions.

Similarly, | have been delighted this
year by the performance of Spectrum
- our pan-European multilateral trading
facility. Spectrum offers real innovation
and choice with clients able to trade
products, on-venue around the clock.
This year the business has grown,

with 775 million securitised derivative
contracts delivered since launch.

Our approach of focusing on
growth and expansion, while being
highly disciplined in the strategic
decisions and investments we
choose to make, has ensured we are
outperforming against the strategic
goals we set ourselves ahead of
time and sets an even stronger
foundation from which we can grow.

Financial Statements

‘Shareholder and
‘Company Information

Record-breaking financial
performance

For the second year running, the
Group has rewritten the record books
- with adjusted revenue up 33% on
the 2020 financial year at £861.3
million, adjusted profit before tax

up 61% to £477.8 million and active
client numbers up 31% at 313,300.

Record-breaking financial performance
like this doesn’t happen by accident.

It is the result of the disciplined
execution of our strategy, and the
ability of the business and our clients
to seize the opportunities presented

by the exceptional market conditions
over the last financial year.

We are not only increasing revenues,
but diversifying the sources of our
revenues. This positions us well for long-
term sustainable growth and delivery.

As well as the growth in revenue
generated from our core OTC leveraged
retail derivatives business, we have also
achieved significant growth across
different business areas.

We have seen stock trading and
investments grow by 184%, and
revenue from exchange traded
derivatives increase by 33% year
on year. We have also significantly
grown our geographical footprint
and diversified our product
range, evidenced through the $1
billion acquisition of tastytrade
more on which below.

Becoming a purpose-led
organisation

During this exceptional year, we have
pushed ourselves to continue to look
ahead. | firmly believe that while we
have experienced record growth and
achieved so much, we can still be so
much more, So we have taken steps
to ensure that IG is best-placed to
capture the opportunity of tomorrow.

As we grow into a more diversified,
sustainable and global business
we need a purpose that will act

as our guiding star and a critical
lens through which we assess
future strategic decisions.

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021 05

INTRODUCTION .

Chief Executive Officer's Statement 2021 continued

TEACH FIRST PARTNERSHIP:

100k

LIVES IMPACTED BY 2025

$1bn

ACQUISITION OF TASTYTRADE

We now have a compelling,
differentiating purpose that will
provide us with room for further
stretch for many years to come. Our
‘why’ is now simple and memorable
- powering the pursuit of financial
freedom for the ambitious.

Ambitious people exist across the
world. They come from many varied
starting points, but they share similar
characteristics. They are driven, self-
directed and active. By giving these
people access to first-rate financial
products, tools and education, we can
‘power’ them to take control of their
financial future and decision-making.

‘Powering’ is about providing people
with market-leading, resilient
technology; being their unbiased
partner; and supercharging their
experience through high-quality
financial education, We want our
clients to cultivate their knowledge
and insight, and we want to provide
them with products that help

them execute their strategies and
pursue their financial goals.

‘Financial freedom’ is defined by the
individual. For some this will mean
growing their wealth. For others it may
mean having the freedom to choose
the products they want to use and the
markets they want to trade, or having
the freedom to take control of their
own finances. Whatever our clients
determine as ‘financial freedom’, we
are here to enable their journeys.

This purpose will stretch us to learn
deeply about our clients, about new
markets and about new types of
products. As we align our behaviours
and actions with our purpose, we
will enable more individuals to
become financially self-reliant and
therefore have the potential to make
agreater contribution to society.

This new purpose is deliberately brave
and ambitious - and | have every
confidence IG will deliver against it.

> FOR MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT OUR PURPOSE, SEE
STRATEGIC UPDATE
PG.10

Playing our part in our
communities

As aresponsible global citizen, we
take our environmental, social and
governance (ESG) obligations very
seriously. In recent years our business
has made great strides in delivering
not only profit and shareholder value,
but also in its contribution to the
societies of which we are a part.

Underpinned by the core themes of
education and environment - areas
of focus chosen by our people - this
year we have gone further than ever
before. We recently announced
anew ESG strategy that will see

us strive to have a positive impact
‘on society, and to minimise our
impact on the environment.

06 1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

Called the IG Brighter Future
framework, this new strategy is split
across four pillars - products, people,
partnerships and best practice. It
builds on the Brighter Future concept
originally launched in January

2020 and will see us make positive
progress toward seven of the UN's
Sustainable Development Goals.

For each pillar we are identifying
appropriate KPIs and setting
ambitious targets, which we will
report on and which will have an
influence on remuneration across
the Group. This is a real and tangible
step toward embedding ESG into our
business and ensuring it properly
drives our decision-making.

This is an incredibly exciting
development for the Group and
‘one that has already had some
significant benefits. For example,
earlier this year we calculated and
offset our historic emissions to
become lifetime carbon-neutral.
Next year we will have mapped out a
science-based pathway to net zero.

We have also been making charitable
donations from our £5 million Brighter
Future Fund throughout the year. These
have focused on projects to improve
access to quality education for under-
resourced communities, improving
female representation in STEM
subjects, and providing Covid-19 relief.

In partnership with organisations
such as teacher training charity Teach
First and the global Teach for All
educator network we have already
made a difference to the lives of many
thousands of young people, and have
committed to making a positive impact
‘on the education of a further 100,000
young people by 2025. You can find out
more in the ESG Report on page 22.

Introduction Strategic Report

Acquisition of tastytrade

One of my personal priorities has

been to ensure that IG continues to
become a more global, sustainable and
diversified business, One key example
of how we have delivered on this has
been the acquisition of tastytrade.

This landmark transaction complements
our strategy by expanding our
geographical footprint and our product
offering. In tastytrade we have found

a partner that shares our passion for
empowering clients, opening access

to the global financial markets and
providing exceptional educational
resources - enabling ambitious people
to execute their strategy and take the
wheel in their financial decision-making.

tastytrade is a high-growth, high-
margin online brokerage and investor
education platform, with a growing
share of the US listed derivatives
market - primarily through options and
futures. tastytrade combines content
that is fun and entertaining - with deep
quantitative and probability-based
analysis offering traders something
completely new. It delivers education
and ideas on complex trading
strategies, optimisation of returns

and risk management in a unique

Core Markets

Our Core Markets are large,
established markets in which we
already have a significant presence.
They consist of the UK, EU, EMEA
non-EU, Australia and Singapore.

STRATEGIC UPDATE
PG.8

Significant Opportunities
Significant Opportunities represent
geographies, client segments

and product segments where we
currently have a presence, but where
there are opportunities to build on
our strengths, serve more clients and
deliver significant revenue growth.

STRATEGIC UPDATE
PG.9

Governance Report

and unexpected way. tastytrade is a
successful business founded and run.
by very experienced former Chicago
Board Options Exchange (CBOE)
traders with a proven track record,
and a deep understanding of and
passion for the products they offer.

For IG this is an exciting, strategic
opportunity that diversifies our product
offering and gives us immediate

scale in the largest retail options and
futures market in the world. It appeals
to us because it is a highly regulated,
mainstream market, which is larger
than the global CFD and forex markets
combined with around 1.5 million
traders. It accelerates our US strategy,
grows our footprint and complements
‘our broader diversification strategy.

tastytrade’s core product offering and
content are highly complementary

to IG and the two businesses have
similarly ambitious, high-quality, self-
directed retail trading client bases.
tastytrade shares our entrepreneurial
ethos and always-innovating culture,
and will be a valuable partner for IG.

Bringing tastytrade on board is
in line with our growth strategy
and a real proof point towards
IG becoming a more diversified,
global and sustainable business.

Growth in our global client base
In the fourth quarter of the 2020
financial year we saw a step change

in the size of our global client base,
which we consolidated in the 2021
financial year, and delivered further
growth. Over the last 12 months we
have undoubtedly seen more people
take the time to consider.and manage
their money, and plan their financial
future in a more proactive way. This
trend for self-investing and for people
to demand the freedom to access the
global financial markets isn't goin:
away. We recognise the responsi
we have and | am proud of the way

we have grown our client base in a
responsible, sustainable way - without
any compromise on quality, ensuring
that we target and onboard the

right client for the right product.

Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company information

Our loyal and high-quality client base
is one of our key strengths. The people
who choose to trade with IG share
many similar traits - they're driven,
ambitious, motivated, engaged and
self-directed. They want to pursue
their own financial freedom and
value the innovative products that
are available with IG, our superior
platform, unrivalled client-centricity
and the exceptional educational
tools and resources we offer.

This truly differentiates us from our
competitors and breeds client loyalty.
The growth in our client base has been
fuelled by favourable trading conditions
and a number‘of high-profile trading
opportunities throughout the year.

The new clients we have onboarded
during.this period share a similar profile
to our existing client base. So while it

is unlikely future years will see quite

the same number of attractive trading
opportunities as the last, we believe the
quality of our significantly increased
client base provides us an excellent
platform for further sustainable growth.

Taking on the challenge together
The fact we have been able to achieve
so much and at the same time deal
with the implications of the Covid-19
pandemic is a testament to the open
minds, diverse perspectives and
positive attitudes of our people. We
have faced challenges and disruption
as a result of the pandemic. Our people
have been restless in their pursuit of
the next good idea, a community of
positive problem solvers committed
to finding solutions and providing the
best possible service to our clients.

| want to thank all our people for helping
us achieve so much over the last 12
months and share their pride in all we
have achieved.

Pelt
JQKE FELIX

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
22 July 2021

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021 07

STRATEGIC REPORT

Strategic Update

Core Markets

Our core business includes our largest established markets
where we already had a prominent presence and a significant
market share in over-the-counter (OTC) leveraged trading in
2019. Our core gives us a strong foundation and has delivered
27% growth in clients in the 2021 financial year. The strength of
our core means we can evolve to become a broader and more
diversified global trading platform through growing our
Significant Opportunities portfolio.

CORE MARKETS REVENUE STOCK TRADING REVENUE
709.5

---

and
regulations, held ongoing dialogue
with relevant regulators and
ensured that the business initiatives
in the updated plan were in line with
IG’s regulatory risk appetite

> The interests of employees, in
particular in relation to the ongoing
Covid-19 pandemic and ensuring
our people are able to continue
working from home or begin
returning to our offices around the
world as local rules and conditions
allow. The People Forum provides
a helpful feedback channel to hear
the views of employees, so we
can address matters raised. Also
relevant are our employee health
and wellness programmes and
diversity and inclusion policies, and
our investment in software and
equipment

> The needs of clients, through
our decision to enhance IT
infrastructure to ensure that our
systems are resilient and better able
to support our clients’ demands. We
considered the number of clients,
the demand to access our services
during periods of increased client
activity, and the requests we've
received to provide more advanced
features on our desktop and mobile
platforms for clients who use
sophisticated trading strategies

Governance Report

> Our existing relationships with
suppliers, in particular related to
our IT infrastructure, as a result
of the changing needs of IG and
its stakeholders. These changes
were driven by the expectations of
regulators, the needs of employees
and the demand from clients, as
well as shareholders’ interests in
our decisions on overseeing costs
and the nature and focus of future
investment

> The views and interests of
shareholders, by ensuring that
our updated plan supported the
sustainable growth of the business,
along with the delivery of our
strategy and shareholder value

2 Principal decision 2:
tastytrade acquisition

The Board is supportive of the
acquisition of tastytrade. When
considering the merits of this
acquisition the Board agreed that

the acquisition will help move IG
towards becoming a more diversified,
sustainable and global business in the
coming years.

The Board took into account that:

> The acquisition of tastytrade is

fully aligned with IG’s new purpose

to power the pursuit of financial

freedom for the ambitious

- tastytrade’s unique client
offering leads with education, a
key way in which we power that
pursuit for clients

- The focus on education supports
our ESG strategy - for which
education is a key theme - a way
in which we create value for our
people and communities

- The acquisition builds and
expands on IG and tastytrade’s
current core capabilities

Financial Statements

‘Shareholder and
‘Company Information

> tastytrade provides a new pillar for

growth, and sees IG enter the high-

growth US listed options market

- The acquisition creates value
for shareholders and has an
attractive earnings accretion
profile

= The acquisition will diversify IG’s
current risk profile, important to
allour identified stakeholders

- The acquisition will significantly
increase IG’s footprint in the US,
giving rise to positives for our
clients and people

1G has core capabilities in the OTC
derivatives market. The adjacent listed
options market is significantly larger
and offers excellent potential growth
opportunities. There are an estimated
1.5 million US options and futures
retail traders. This compares to an
estimated 750,000 retail traders in the
CFD and FX markets in UK, Australia,
EU and US combined: Listed options
are a well-used product familiar to US
traders in an established regulatory
environment. The product set offered
by tastytrade may also appeal to IG’s
existing client base.

The Board were impressed with

the management credentials of the
founders and senior leadership at
tastytrade, who have a proven record
of successfully building businesses

- for example thinkorswim, a similar
business to tastytrade, which was
acquired by TD Ameritrade, a financial
company providing investing and
trading services, in 2009. Under

the current leadership tastytrade

has grown exponentially, producing
three-year revenue CAGR of 49% with
a 2020 adjusted EBITDA margin of
47%. The acquisition is commercially
attractive in driving forward IG’s
strategic ambitions.

1 Investment Trends data and IG market studies.

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021 19

STRATEGIC REPORT

Stakeholder Engagement

We build strong and meaningful relationships with our stakeholders to foster openness and trust, and to facilitate collaboration
and open dialogue = so that together, we can change, challenge and innovate for the better. By understanding each of our
stakeholders and their needs, we can factor them into Board discussions and make decisions that are considerate of their
priorities and potential concerns. The table below identifies key stakeholders and how we engage with each of them.

Further information on how the business has responded to stakeholders’ key issues is set out in the section on Board decision-
making and stakeholder considerations on pages 18 and 19 of this report.

Clients

Why we engage
IG exists to power the pursuit of financial
freedom for the ambitious, Our clients have
high expectations of us. If we fail to meet those,
‘our clients will go elsewhere. There are many
companies operating in our industry, and we
need to engage with our clients to ensure that
we continue to stay ahead of the competition.

Our clients use our trading platforms for hours
‘every day, and that makes them the most
valuable source of feedback for us— helping us
to provide the best experience we can.

How we engage
‘We engage with our clients through our
muttilingual, highly trained customer support
teams available 6.5 days a week, 365 days a
year, Our goal is to offer best-in-class customer
service to all our clients and provide various
channels for them to get in touch with us.

Our platform provides a range of tools and
features to help clients, including educational
resources, breaking financial news and live
analysis of the markets. These.are available for
allclients to use in the way that best suits them.

+ We conduct regular research to obtain our
clients’ feedback on our products and services.
This helps us to manage their expec

---

,
targeted at client needs

> Provide extensive range of trading
aids, such as charting packages, news,
commentary and analysis

Risk profile

Client risk management tools

 Close-out monitor (COM) to liquidate
client positions when their margin has
been significantly eroded

> Option to attach guaranteed stops
to identify the maximum possible loss
at the outset of a trade

> Negative balance protection and
limited-risk accounts

IG does not seek to generate returns from actively taking market
risk. We don't take proprietary trading positions, and our revenue is
therefore not dependent on the direction of market movements.

FOR MORE INFORMATION
PG. 46

16 1G GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

Introduction Strategic Report

How we generate revenue

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Shareholder and
Company Information

Four revenue-generation models: OTC leveraged derivatives, exchange traded derivatives, stock trading and investments.

OTC leveraged derivatives

Clients trade derivative instruments, including
contracts for difference (CFDs), spread bets
and options. They gain exposure to price
movements without needing to buy or sell the
underlying asset.

Our OTC leveraged derivatives are usually
priced in reference to the underlying markets.
For the majority of derivatives, the price
includes a spread around the underlying

price, Clients are charged funding when long
positions are held overnight, and receive
funding when short positions are held.

Exchange traded derivatives

Our revenue from exchange traded derivatives
is derived from Nadex, @ US-based derivatives
exchange, and Spectrum, our multilateral
trading facility (MTF).

Nadex clients become members of the
exchange, and pay a trading fee on each side of
the trade: once to open, and once to close.

Spectrum clients can trade through’a broker
or bank that has a standard membership of the
exchange ~ Spectrum revenue is generated
from exchange fees paid by members, like

Our blueprint for the future
> Purpose

> Strategic drivers

> Core values

FOR MORE INFORMATION
PG. 10

brokers and market makers. IG Europe is one of
those members providing retail access to the
venue, where the Group earns further revenue
from retail client trading fees.

Prices for contracts listed on Nadex are
provided by market makers, who are also
members of the exchange and pay fees.
for trading.

For Spectrum, we intend for liquidity to be
provided by market makers. IG currently
provides baseline liquidity to Spectrum
and operates as one of the market makers
to Nadex.

Stock trading

Clients can buy and sell individual shares
listed on global exchanges through our stock
trading platform.

We charge a currency conversion fee where
relevant, and a transaction fee for each
purchase and sale. There is also a custody fee,
which may be rebated to clients who make

a minimum number of transactions in a set
period. IG's trading revenue from this service
is reported net of the execution fees we pay
in the market.

Clients fund the purchase of shares in full
at the time of placing an order,

Investments
We offer a portfolio-based investment service,

We charge percentage fee on the value of the
assets under management, and our revenue
from this activity reflects these fees less the
amount paid to the ETF provider, BlackRock:

Clients fund the purchase of their
investments in full at the outset.

Internalisation

Internalisation - allowing individualclient trades
to offset against each other - is key to our
business model and profitability. It also allows
us to manage our market risk while lowering
‘our cost of hedging in the underlying markets

= which we do when any remaining exposure
breaches pre-agreed risk limits, Hedging this,
remaining exposure means that our interests
are aligned with those of our clients,

Our trading revenue from OTC leveraged
derivatives therefore predominantly reflects
the spread, commission and funding paid by
clients, less the costs incurred in hedging. Itis,
not impacted by client wins and losses, thereby
ensuring a more steady flow of revenue.

Our Brighter Future framework

Our environmental, social and governance strategy
enables us to create shared value and have a positive
impact on'society and the environment while ensuring the
long-term sustainability of our business.

FOR MORE INFORMATION

PG. 22

IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021 7

STRATEGIC REPORT

Section 172(1) Statement by the Board

As a Board we continue to uphold the highest standards
of conduct and make decisions for the long-term success
of the business. We are aware that our business can only
grow and prosper if we understand and respect the views

and needs of our stakeholders.

Under the Companies Act 2006, the
Directors must act in a way that they
consider, in good faith, would be
most likely to promote the success
of the Company for the benefit of
its members as a whole. In doing
this, the Directors must take into
account, among other factors:

> The likely consequences of any
decision in the long term

> The interests of the Company's
employees

> The need to foster our business
relationships with suppliers,
customers and others

> The impact of our operations on the
community and the environment

> The desirability of the Company
maintaining a reputation for high
standards of business conduct

> The need to act fairly between
shareholders of the Company

Our key stakeholders

The Directors have identified certain
key stakeholders who are essential
to the success of our business,
detailed on pages 20 to 21.

The Board will sometimes engage
directly with certain stakeholders

on specific issues. This stakeholder
engagement often takes place at an
operational level. We consider key
stakeholders when we discuss and
make decisions relating to strategic
matters, financial and operational.
performance, risk management, and
legal and regulatory compliance.
Information in relation to these areas is
provided to the Board through reports
sent in advance of each Board meeting,
and through presentations to the Board.

Asa result of these activities, the Board
has an overview of engagement with
stakeholders and other

---

s

and materials, alongside demo accounts where
clients can learn about our leveraged products

in a risk-free environment. We also offer a range

of risk management solutions that our clients
value as part of their educational journey.

Support service: to ensure that our clients are
able to trade ‘around the clock’, we provide
24-hour trading coverage which is unique in
the market and a key feature of our proposition.
Clients also expect us to be there when they
need assistance, have an issue, or simply want
to ask @ question. Access to IG's highly trained
customer service team is important for clients
who rely on our expertise.

Our people

‘Why we engage
Nurturing a team of talented and dedicated
people is central to our strategy, enabling us to
deliver the exceptional products and services
that keep us at the forefront of our industry.

How we engage

We have a variety of means to engage with our
people. These include surveys, the al
collect feedback and comments at any time
using our employee communication portal, and
town halls and small group meetings that allow
our senior managers to meet and understand
our people's views. Our employee network
groups also offer an important channel to better
understand the experience of our employees
who are currently underrepresented.

Our People Forum, a body that acts as a conduit
for more formal feedback and interactions with
our Board, brings employee voices into Board
decision-making. The People Forum is chaired
by our Chief Operating Officer, supported by
the Chief People Officer, and attended by a Non-
Executive Director on a rolling basis. Employee
representatives are democratically elected by
our people and serve two-year terms,

What matters most

Engagement: it's vital that our people are kept
informed about our business strategy and
changes to our industry. They want and deserve
the chance to be involved in planning changes
that willimpact them and their teams, and also
expect the organisation to provide opportunities
for development.

20 IG GROUP HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2021

Regulators

Why we engage

Regulations affect how we market and provide
services to our clients. tis essential that we
engage with our regulators to ensure they
understand our products and business model,
so we can remain active in multiple regions and
keep growing into new markets.

By maintaining relationships with our key
regulators and engaging on both a local and
global scale, we position ourselves to be well-
informed about impending developments in the
regulatory environment.

How we engage

‘We maintain constructive relationships with
‘our regulators, communicating in an open
and transparent manner, and ensuring that
‘our actions are consistent with regulatory
‘expectations.

We work with our regulators in multiple ways ~
from proactive engagement on new business
proposals to assisting in their investigations and
regulatory requests.

‘Around the world we maintain an open and
constructive dialogue with local regulators, to
facilitate strong relationships and understand
the expectations that are critical to our business.

What matters most

‘Communication and compliance: regulators
focus on ensuring firms safeguard our clients’
best interests and ensuring that all clients are
treated fairly. They also take an interest in capital
and liquidity issues. Regulators value firms that
respect and follow both the letter and the spirit
of the regulations and guidelines they set out.

Introduction Strategic Report

DETAIL ON PRINCIPAL
fed DECISIONS

PG.19

Communities

Why we engage

Sustainability and social awareness are firmly
embedded into our purpose and values, and are
integral components of IG's culture. Community
engagement is vital to our ability to deliver long-
term returns for our stakeholders. These factors
mean that we carefully consider our impact on
the communities in which we operate and on
the environment. Our commitment is embodied
by the partnerships’ pillar of our ESG strategy
which is explained in more detail on page 30.

How we engage

Through the Brighter Future framework we
partner with local charities that support the
communities in which we operate. We also have
partnerships at national and global levels.

IG’s people have opportunities to engage with
our partners - from our Chief Executive Officer's
membership of Teach First's Business Leaders
Council through to employee volunteering and
fundraising. We have a dedicated ESG Manager
and a team of regional champions spread across
our global network that lead on our community
outreach initiatives. Recommendations from the
Executive Committee, as a result of work done
by the ESG Working Group, are considered by
the ESG Board Committee which oversees the
wider ESG strategy.

What matters most

Community impact: our communities value
sustained and longterm support. This is
achieved through a combination of continual
dialogue, financial donations and meaningful
employee engagement. To date, through

our Brighter Future Fund and other related
initiatives, we have committed over £5 million
to our charity partners and to important
causes and campaigns. It also matters to our
communities that we're conscious of our impact
on the environment.

Governance Report

Shareholders

Why we engage
The support of our shareholders is critical

to IG, Staying abreast of their views gives us
insight into the considerations that drive their
priorities when assessing us as an organisation.
And by delivering for our shareholders, we help
to ensure that our business continues to be
successful in the long term.

How we engage
Throughout the 2021 financial year we have

been unable to meet our shareholders in person.

We have used virtual channels to maintain an
open dialogue with our shareholders - utilising
digital engagement, one-to-one and group
meetings, results webcasts and roadshows,
conferences and via questions submitted

by shareholders in advance of the Annual
General Meeting.

Shareholder feedback, along with details of
major movements in our shareholder base,

is reported to and discussed by the Board
regularly and incorporated into the decision-
making process