ASX release 
Worley awarded agreement for Project Management Consultancy 
Worley Limited (ASX: WOR) (“Worley”) has been awarded, as part of a pool of 11 
contractors, a long-term agreement by Aramco to support projects within the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia. Importantly, this agreement supports Aramco to ensure critical infrastructure for 
ongoing energy, chemicals and resources supply for the domestic market in the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia as well as global markets.  
The five-year agreement is intended to support Aramco’s extensive capital program, one of the 
largest sources of project investment globally, across energy, chemicals and resources sectors. 
Under the agreement, Worley will provide project management consultancy services, including 
engineering and design, project development studies, detailed engineering, procurement 
support, project and construction management, and technical expertise. It will also support 
capability building for local talent in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  
Services will be delivered through Worley’s offices in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the 
United Kingdom, with support from global offices including the Global Integrated Delivery 
(GID) team. 
The agreement requires Worley to leverage its digital capabilities, including artificial 
intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, digital twins, robotics and automation, digital 
scanning, and smart energy solutions, to improve engineering delivery efficiency in compliance 
with Aramco’s engineering and information security standards. 
“We are pleased to continue our relationship with Aramco of more than 50 years through this 
agreement,” said Chris Ashton, Chief Executive Officer of Worley. “This framework agreement 
reflects our capability to provide integrated engineering and project management services 
across global portfolios.” 
Authorized for release by Nuala O’Leary, Group Company Secretary. 
For further information, please contact: 
Kylie Ramsden 
Group Director Investor Relations 
Ph: +61 412 340 850 
investor.relations@worley.com  
www.worley.com 
 
Janelle Carrigan 
Media Relations  
Ph: +61 409 939 920 
media.relations@worley.com  
www.worley.com 
About Worley: Worley is a global company of energy, chemicals and resources experts headquartered in Australia 
and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: WOR). We partner with our customers to deliver projects and 
create value across the life of their assets. We specialize in consulting, engineering, procurement and construction 
across the project lifecycle, with services extending through to operations and decommissioning. Leveraging extensive 
experience and AI-enabled delivery, we support customers in navigating complexity as they meet today’s needs and 
transition to more sustainable solutions. 
 
Level 19, 420 George Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia 
 
Telephone: +61 2 8923 6866 
www.worley.com 
Worley Limited 
ABN 17 096 090 158 
6 July 2026  
For personal use only