Universal
Registration
Document
2025
Contents
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica 5
1.1 Group Profile 7
1.2 History 17
1.3 EssilorLuxottica's Converging Industries 
at a Glance
22
1.4 Meeting Global Demand for Vision Care 
and Eye Health
25
1.5 Simplified Organizational Chart 73
Risk Management 75
2.1 Risk Factors 76
2.2 Main Characteristics of the Risk Management 
and Internal Control Systems Implemented by 
the Company for the Preparation and Processing 
of Accounting, Financial and Sustainability 
Information
104
2.3 EssilorLuxottica Vigilance Plan 108
EssilorLuxottica in 2025 117
3.1 Significant Events of the Year 119
3.2 Consolidated Revenue 128
3.3 Statement of Profit or Loss and Alternative 
Performance Measures
133
3.4 Statement of Financial Position, Net Debt, 
Cash Flows and Other Non-GAAP Measures
136
3.5 Acquisitions and Partnerships 139
3.6 Investments Made in 2025 and Planned for 2026 140
3.7 Subsequent Events 140
3.8 Recent Trends and Outlook 141
Report on Corporate Governance 143
4.1 Information on Corporate Governance 146
4.2 Special Procedures for Shareholder Participation 
in Shareholders’ Meetings
170
4.3 Compensation of Corporate Officers 175
4.4 Appendix: Summary Table of Recommendations 
o f   t h e   A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e  t h a t   H a v e  N o t  B e e n  
Applied
219
4.5 Appendix: List of Offices and Responsibilities 222
4 . 6  S t a t u t o r y  A u d i t o r s ’  R e p o r t  o n   R e l a t e d - P a r t y  
Agreement
236
Financial Statements 239
5.1 Consolidated Financial Statements 241
5.2 Statutory Auditors’ Report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements
314
5.3 Financial Statements of EssilorLuxottica 319
5.4 Other Information Related to the Financial 
Statements of EssilorLuxottica
344
5.5 Statutory Auditors’ Report on the Financial 
Statements
346
Sustainability Report 351
6.1 General Disclosures 352
6.2 Environmental Information 387
6.3 Social Information 419
6.4 Governance Information 476
6.5 Description of Group policies 483
6.6 Methodology Note 493
6.7 Report on the Certification of Sustainability 
Information and Verification of the Disclosure 
Requirements Under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852, relating to the year ended 
December 31, 2025
500
Information about the Company, 
its Share Capital and Stock 
Ownership
507
7.1 The Company 509
7.2 Share Capital 512
7.3 Share Buyback 516
7.4 Shareholding 519
7.5 Employee Shareholding 520
7.6 Dividend Distribution 524
7.7 Key Stock Market Data 525
7.8 Historical Data 527
Additional Information 
on the Universal Registration 
Document
541
8.1 Person Responsible 543
8.2 Statutory Auditors 543
8.3 Publicly Available Documents 544
8.4 Cross-Reference Tables 544
The Universal Registration Documents, and releases cited as well as this Universal Registration Document are available at: www.essilorluxottica.com 
@ Investors/Publications and Downloads
* Includes the Report on the compensation policy of Executive Corporate Officers subject to the approval of shareholders at the Shareholders’ Meeting 
on April 28, 2026.
The information from the Annual Financial Report (AFR) is clearly identified in the table of contents by the symbol 
*
Universal
Registration
Document
This document is a non-certified translation into English 
of the Universal Registration Document (including the Annual 
Financial Report) issued in French, prepared in ESEF format 
(European Single Electronic Format) and filed on March 6, 2026 
with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, without prior 
approval pursuant to Article 9 of said Regulation. 
The Universal Registration Document may be used for the 
purposes of an offer to the public of securities or the admission 
of securities to trading on a regulated market if completed 
by a securities note and, if applicable, a summary and 
any amendments to the Universal Registration Document. 
The whole is approved by the AMF in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 1
2025
Opening Message from the Chairman and CEO 
and the Deputy CEO
Our strong financial 
performance reflects both 
the strength of our traditional 
vision care and eyewear activities 
and the growing relevance 
of our wearables and med-tech 
initiatives.
Dear Shareholders, 
At EssilorLuxottica, the past year has been one of real 
transformation and accelerating momentum. Guided by a clear 
strategy and determination, we advanced our ambition to evolve 
from a “traditional” optical leader into a med-tech, science and 
data-driven company. What we are building today goes far 
beyond transforming how people see. In line with our mission of 
“Empowering Humans”, we are redefining how they connect 
with the world and experience healthcare, technology and 
everyday life. 
At the heart of this evolution is a unique convergence of 
capabilities we have been building to make this vision a reality. 
We have developed deep expertise across engineering, AI, 
clinical science, neuroscience, oculomics and data. This scientific 
foundation is further strengthened by collaborations with leading 
technology innovators, top academic institutions and the 
guidance of our Scientific Advisory Committee, bringing together 
five of the world’s most sought-after scientists and thought 
leaders to ensure that innovation is grounded in scientific rigor 
and ethical responsibility. Together, these strengths create an 
ecosystem allowing us to lead across multiple frontiers: next-
generation lenses, myopia management, wearables, hearing-
enhancing eyewear and data-enabled healthcare platforms that 
connect patient experiences with meaningful medical value. 
2 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
Our progress builds on solid business foundations we have 
strengthened for more than seven years. Since 2018, we have 
created an open network company with a unique  business 
model, combining integrated industrial and omnichannel 
distribution capabilities, advanced technology platforms, and a 
powerful portfolio of products, brands and patents. This model 
continues to set our Group apart and support our long-term 
growth at the intersection of multiple disciplines.
Smart eyewear is a powerful example of this convergence in 
action. Powered by iconic brands such as Ray-Ban and Oakley, 
AI-enabled glasses are creating a new paradigm that integrates 
vision care, connectivity and intelligent AI companions 
seamlessly into everyday life. Over the past year, we expanded 
our product line-up with Ray-Ban Meta Gen 2, Oakley Meta 
and  Meta Ray-Ban Display. We also launched Nuance Audio 
hearing-enhancing glasses, now available across 15,000 stores in 
twelve markets. As we continue to deploy these technologies, 
we believe smart eyewear has the potential to redefine personal 
and wearable computing and evolve into a platform for 
w e l l - b e i n g  a n d  p r e v e n t i v e  h e a l t h c a r e ,  p o s i t i o n i n g  o u r  G r o u p  a t  
the center of a profound technological and societal shift. 
Vision care and medical technologies represent other frontiers 
where we are breaking new ground. One example of this is our 
Stellest platform, now including 2.0 lenses, smart glasses and 
pre-myopia solutions, with which we are moving from 
management toward evidence-based prevention to improve 
lifelong outcomes for millions of young patients worldwide. 
At  the same time, with Heidelberg Engineering, Espansione 
and  RetinAI, we are bringing together imaging platforms, 
A I - p o w e r e d  a n a l y s i s  m o d e l s  a n d  t h e r a p e u t i c  t e c h n o l o g i e s  t h a t  
are extending our capabilities into predictive medicine, medical 
AI and diagnostics in broader health domains. This includes 
early detection of metabolic, neurological and cardiovascular 
conditions through the emerging field of oculomics. While with 
Optegra and Signifeye, we are bringing together a network of 
clinical expertise – enabling a vertically integrated medical 
platform that supports the entire patient journey. 
These strategic advances further power the engine behind our 
strong financial performance. Last year, we reached a historic 
milestone, delivering double-digit annual sales growth* for the 
first time, supported by another record fourth quarter, up 18.4%*. 
Adjusted operating profit exceeded €4.4 billion, up 6.8%*, 
adjusted Group net profit surpassed €3 billion, up 7.2%*, and free 
cash flow reached €2.8 billion, €400 million higher than the 
previous year. 
In an uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, 
and despite US tariff headwinds, these results reflect both the 
strength and importance of our traditional vision care and 
eyewear activities. They also demonstrate the growing relevance 
of our wearables and med-tech initiatives. We are advancing 
these efforts with our global community of 300,000 optical 
partners, continuously enhancing patient care and expanding 
access to life-changing innovations. 
Above all, our progress is made possible thanks to the 
dedication of our more than 200,000 colleagues worldwide. 
Their creativity, passion and ability to embrace change and 
execute with excellence are the true driving forces behind our 
success. As a global leader and community, we stayed true to 
our values and sustainability commitments, achieving significant 
milestones that are reflected in leading ESG ratings. 
Looking ahead, our trajectory for the future is clear and 
compelling. While we confirmed we are on track with our 
f i v e - y e a r  o u t l o o k  f r o m  2 0 2 2 ,  w e  u p d a t e d  i t ,  w i t h  a  c o m m i t m e n t  
to solid revenue growth, with the  adjusted operating profit’s 
pace broadly aligned over the coming five years. This extended 
horizon reflects the scaling of our AI-driven med-tech and 
healthcare platform.
As we approach the partial renewal of our Board of Directors at 
the next Shareholders’ Meeting, we reflect with confidence on 
the milestones achieved and the strength of the organization we 
have built. The bold decisions we have taken are already 
shaping our future rooted in technology and innovation. 
Thank you for your continued trust in our strategy and our ability 
to execute it. Together, we are writing the next chapter of 
EssilorLuxottica, one that not only improves vision but 
meaningfully contributes to human health and empowerment. 
We are confident that even greater achievements lie ahead.
Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Paul du Saillant, Deputy Chief Executive Officer
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 3
* At constant currency.
4 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
1
Presentation 
of EssilorLuxottica
1.1 Group Profile 7
1.1.1 A Rich Portfolio Designed to Empower 9
1.1.2 Eyes on the Planet: Sustainability at the Core 
of the Group’s Strategy
15
1.2 History 17
1.3 EssilorLuxottica's Converging 
Industries at a Glance
22
1.4 Meeting Global Demand for 
Vision Care and Eye Health
25
1.4.1 Group Strategy 25
1.4.2 Innovation, a Cornerstone of the Group’s 
Strategy
28
1.4.3 Operations 42
1.4.4 Distribution 48
1.4.5 Product Brand Portfolio 50
1.4.6 Go-to-Market 59
1.5 Simplified Organizational Chart 73
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 5
EssilorLuxottica at a glance
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica
EssilorLuxottica at a glance
6 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
€28.5 bn
revenue
200,000+
people
150+
countries
150+
major brands
~ 1 8 , 0 0 0
stores up to
97,000
employee shareholders 
in 85 countries
16,500+
patents and designs
3,500+
new eyewear models 
every year
47 
lens (33) and frame (14) 
mass production facilities
555 
industrial (62) and 
proximity (493) 
prescription laboratories
113 mn
prescription frames 
and sunglasses produced 
572 mn
prescription lenses
183 mn
non-prescription sun 
lenses produced
1.1 Group Profile
Established in 2018, EssilorLuxottica is a global leader at the 
forefront of advanced vision care solutions, iconic designs, smart 
eyewear and innovative medical technologies. 
Rooted in a legacy that dates back to the mid-19 th century, the 
Group has helped transform how people experience the world . 
Across generations, its pioneering expertise i n lenses and 
frames has empowered hundreds of millions of people to see 
clearly, express themselves confidently and embrace life to the 
fullest. Today, guided by this enduring spirit of empowerment, 
the Group has entered a bold new era, redefined by science, 
fueled by technology and inspired by disruption.
Driven by its mission to Empower Humans, EssilorLuxottica is 
advancing a more holistic vision of health, wellness and personal 
expression. With every step forward, the Group is shaping the 
future of vision, one where our eyes become a powerful gateway 
to maximizing human potential. 
EssilorLuxottica is shaping a future where our eyes are a powerful gateway to maximize human potential,
reveal health insights and connect us to the world in entirely new ways.
For generations, we have redefined the boundaries of sight, creating the most beautiful, high-performing products
that improve vision, elevate personal expression, and we have created access to trusted, quality eye care for millions of people.
Today, through the seamless integration of science and groundbreaking technology, we are opening new horizons for our industry. 
Our vision is a bold and inspired one. While continuing to elevate the way people see the world,
we will leverage everything from med-tech innovation and diagnostics to wearables, AI and biometrics to empower
with a deeper sense of health, well-being and connectivity. At the intersection of style, fashion and innovation, our iconic brands
make this technology desirable, culturally relevant and truly wearable.
Tapping into our pioneering roots and embracing the most transformative technologies of the future, we help people live
their best lives through innovation that is inclusive, purposeful and deeply human. 
With every step forward, we are not only helping people see more and be more – We Are Empowering Humans.
Anchored in a transformative vision for the future, the Group’s 
strategy is built on three main pillars: med-tech advancements, 
wearables and AI-powered digital innovation , supported by its  
unique portfolio of iconic brands. Together, these pillars unlock 
new synergies for  cross-sector innovation, addressing evolving 
patient and consumer needs in vision care, eye health and 
human connectivity. 
EssilorLuxottica is home to pioneering vision care technologies, 
such as Varilux, Stellest and Transitions, which continue to push 
the boundaries of optical  science . The Group’s portfolio also 
features iconic brands that set new standards in desirability and 
f a s t - t r a c k  t e c h n o l o g y  a d o p t i o n ,  i n c l u d i n g  R a y - B a n ,  t h e  w o r l d ’ s  
most-loved eyewear brand; Oakley, a global leader in sports 
performance; and Supreme, the iconic lifestyle brand. 
Proprietary brands are complemented by highly coveted luxury 
licensed brands and supported by world-class optical retailers, 
including Sunglass Hut and LensCrafters. 
Powered by robust scientific research capabilities, deep medical 
expertise and a top-quality asset portfolio, the Group continues 
to expand the boundaries of the industry. From advanced 
medical instruments and eye-health solutions to ophthalmology 
clinics, EssilorLuxottica brings together expertise and services 
across the full continuum of eye health, through platforms such 
as, among others, Essilor Instruments, Heidelberg Engineering, 
RetinAI and Optegra. Enabled by this integrated approach, the 
Group aims to deliver a comprehensive, digital-forward, patient-
centric journey in eye healthcare, connecting correction and care 
pathways to enhance the patient experience and empower 
people to live their best lives.
In parallel , EssilorLuxottica is pioneering category-defining AI 
glasses, in partnership with Meta, under the Ray-Ban and Oakley 
brands. The Group is also expanding the potential of eyewear 
into med-tech with its Nuance Audio glasses.
As a fully integrated, end-to-end omnichannel  industry leader, 
EssilorLuxottica thrives on an open and collaborative business 
model, partnering with industry players who share its passion for 
breaking new ground through transformative technologies and 
superior products. The Group’s vertically integrated model, 
combined with its leading presence across business segments, 
trade channels and regions, uniquely positions EssilorLuxottica 
to lead the industry’s evolution and shape a future where health, 
quality of life and human connections are elevated like never 
before.
Bringing this model to life is a platform of strategic assets that 
covers every step of the value chain, from creative thinking to 
distribution, bolstering EssilorLuxottica’s competitive edge and 
fueling its determination to accelerate industry growth. 
Its  powerful R&D platform comprising 51 facilities  worldwide, 
supported by its highly regarded Scientific Advisory Committee 
and partnerships with top-notch research institutions, positions 
EssilorLuxottica as a laboratory for med-tech, innovation and 
design. A global manufacturing network relentlessly brings this 
culture of excellence to life, delivering the best products and 
solutions to more than half a billion  patients and consumers 
every year. With its 33 corrective and plano lens mass production 
facilities, 555 prescription laboratories and edging-mounting 
facilities, 14 eyewear mass production plants, and an extensive 
network of distribution centers and stock points, 
EssilorLuxottica’s global footprint is well balanced and 
diversified, ensuring proximity, flexibility and consistently high 
service standards globally.
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica
Group Profile
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 7
Manufacturing capabilities support a wide-reaching Professional 
Solutions(1) network that enables the Group to serve wholesale 
customers with a distinctive combination of high-quality vision 
care products,  eye health-related technologies, iconic brands 
and innovative digital services. Dedicated partnership programs, 
including EssilorLuxottica 360, Essilor Experts and STARS, and 
alliances elevate independent eye care practices and put patient 
care at the center.
Professional Solutions are complemented by an extensive global 
Direct to Consumer (2) network that offers the Group unique 
insights into consumer trends, both at global and local level, by 
cultivating relationships with millions of consumers every day.  
With approximately 18,000 stores worldwide, EssilorLuxottica is a 
leader in the optical retail business. Key retail brands include 
LensCrafters and Pearle Vision in North America; Vision Express, 
Apollo, Pearle, Générale d’Optique, GrandVision, GrandOptical, 
Atasun Optik, Synoptik and Salmoiraghi & Viganò in EMEA; 
OPSM and Mujosh in Asia-Pacific; MasVisión, GMO and Óticas 
Carol in Latin America; as well as banners present on a global 
s c a l e  s u c h  a s  S u n g l a s s  H u t ,  R a y - B a n  a n d  O a k l e y .  T h e  G r o u p  a l s o  
operates its licensed optical retail brand Target Optical in North 
America and one of the fastest-growing managed vision care 
companies in the US, EyeMed Vision Care. This network is 
further complemented by  Optegra, Signifeye, Iris and Lexum 
eye hospitals and diagnostic centers, delivering top-tier patient 
care across key European markets.
Leveraging a truly omnichannel approach, EssilorLuxottica’s 
distribution capabilities are further bolstered by its branded 
e - c o m m e r c e  p l a t f o r m s ,  i n c l u d i n g  R a y - B a n . c o m ,  O a k l e y . c o m ,  
SunglassHut.com and OliverPeoples.com, alongside pure digital 
players like EyeBuyDirect and FramesDirect in North America, 
VisionDirect, Lenstore and Glasses Direct in EMEA as well as 
Clearly in Asia-Pacific. 
Sustainability. The Group is dedicated to fostering a sustainable, 
inclusive future through its corporate responsibility program, Eyes 
on the Planet, launched in 2021. It defines EssilorLuxottica's 
sustainability strategy and sets out its commitments across key 
priority areas, like climate change mitigation and environmental 
preservation, circularity, access to vision care, inclusion and ethics.
In line with the Eyes on World Sight pillar, the Group established 
the OneSight EssilorLuxottica Foundation in 2022, with the 
ambition to help eliminate uncorrected poor vision by 2050. The 
Foundation plays a central role in advancing EssilorLuxottica’s 
sustainability objectives and in reinforcing the  Group’s 
commitment to promoting good vision as a fundamental human 
right. As the world’s largest foundation dedicated to inclusive 
vision access and the Global Collaborating Partner of the World 
Health Organization’s SPECS 2030 initiatives, the Foundation 
reached a historic milestone last year by providing access to 
vision care to its one-billionth person in need, through programs 
implemented across more than 140 countries. 
A unique, diverse and inclusive community. EssilorLuxottica’s 
people are at the heart of its long-term success. A global 
community of over 200,000 diverse, talented employees around 
the world works together every day to support the Group’s 
growth and purpose. 
Investing in skills development and nurturing well-being, 
EssilorLuxottica offers long-term career opportunities, equal 
access to advancement and extensive, high-quality education 
programs through its Leonardo learning ecosystem. Drawing on 
its longstanding commitment to employee care, the Group also 
promotes social programs, benefits and initiatives designed to 
enhance quality of life (See Chapter 6, Section 6.3.1.2.6). 
EssilorLuxottica continues to strengthen its global community by 
cultivating a shared culture rooted in common values. 
A  cornerstone of this culture is employee shareholding, which 
promotes engagement and alignment with the Group’s long-
term vision. L ast year,  up to  97,000 employee  shareholders in 
85 countries held a financial stake in the Group, including nearly 
35,000 who were also members of Valoptec Association , 
reflecting their confidence in the Company's strategy and 
support for its mission to Empower Humans. 
***
In 2025, EssilorLuxottica generated consolidated revenue of 
€28.5 billion. The Company trades on the Euronext Paris market 
and is included in the Euro  Stoxx  50 and CAC  40 indices. 
Codes  and symbols: ISIN: FR0000121667; Reuters: ESLX.PA; 
Bloomberg: EL:FP.
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica
Group Profile
8 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
(1) It represents the wholesale business of the Group, including the supply of its products and services to independent opticians, distributors, third-party 
e - c o m m e r c e  p l a t f o r m s  a n d  l a r g e  r e t a i l  c h a i n s  i n  t h e  e y e  c a r e  a n d  e y e w e a r  i n d u s t r y .
(2) It represents the retail business of the Group, including the supply of EssilorLuxottica products and services directly to the end consumer either through 
t h e  n e t w o r k  o f  p h y s i c a l  s t o r e s  o p e r a t e d  b y  t h e  G r o u p  ( b r i c k - a n d - m o r t a r  a c t i v i t i e s )  o r  t h e  o n l i n e  c h a n n e l  ( e - c o m m e r c e ) .
1.1.1 A Rich Portfolio Designed to Empower
EssilorLuxottica stands at the intersection of medical excellence, digital innovation and global desirability. Its portfolio brings together 
world-leading vision care, eyewear and lifestyle brands with sought-after luxury licenses, AI-enabled eyewear, advanced medical 
technologies, leading retail brands and specialized eye hospitals and diagnostic facilities.
This unique integration model enables the Group to address the full spectrum of vision and eye health needs across every life stage, 
from comprehensive care and diagnostics to therapeutic interventions, disease management and surgical treatments , reflecting its 
long-term vision and unparalleled industry positioning. 
Eye care: World-Class Vision Care 
Technologies
Backed by decades of R&D, EssilorLuxottica’s advanced vision 
care technologies have led to the creation of brands consistently 
ranked among the highest in consumer satisfaction. The Group’s 
portfolio includes globally respected lens brands, such as Essilor 
with Varilux, Crizal, Eyezen, Stellest and Xperio, alongside 
T r a n s i t i o n s .  F u r t h e r  s t r e n g t h e n i n g  i t s  p o r t f o l i o  a r e  R a y - B a n ,  
Oakley, Shamir Optical and Barberini. A perpetual global license 
agreement with  Kodak, combined with strategic partnerships, 
including Nikon, expands access to specialized technologies 
tailored to diverse vision needs.
Across vision correction, eye protection, visual comfort and 
performance, each of the Group’s vision care brands is driven by 
a goal to develop groundbreaking ophthalmic lens technologies 
that enhance lives through better vision.
Expansion into contact lenses with brands such as Eyexpert and 
iWear further broadens the Group’s capabilities while staying 
true to its core commitment to delivering superior vision care 
solutions.
EssilorLuxottica’s excellence in ophthalmic lenses is supported 
by a robust equipment ecosystem anchored by Satisloh and the 
recently acquired Automation & Robotics (A&R). Together, they 
deliver advanced high-precision and automation technologies, 
enabling the production of a wide range of corrective and 
specialty lenses with unmatched precision and personalization, 
while reinforcing the Group’s position at the forefront of optical 
innovation.
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica
Group Profile
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 9
Eyewear: Visionary Design and Detailing
Over decades, EssilorLuxottica has redefined eyewear, evolving 
it from a necessary medical device into a powerful statement of 
personal style and self-expression. Through design excellence, 
creativity and expert craftsmanship, the Group has elevated it 
into a desirable cultural and fashion accessory that helps 
consumers feel confident and empowered.
EssilorLuxottica offers exclusive eyewear that stands as a 
testament to highly skilled artistry and innovation, showcased 
through an unparalleled portfolio spanning iconic proprietary 
b r a n d s ,  s u c h  a s  R a y - B a n ,  O a k l e y ,  P e r s o l ,  O l i v e r  P e o p l e s ,  V o g u e  
Eyewear, Arnette, Alain Mikli, Costa, Bliz, Native Eyewear, Bolon 
and Foster Grant, alongside prestigious licensed brands including 
Giorgio Armani, Brooks Brothers, Brunello Cucinelli, Burberry, 
Chanel, Coach, Diesel, Dolce&Gabbana, Ferrari, Jimmy Choo, 
Michael Kors, Moncler, Prada, Ralph Lauren, Swarovski, Tiffany & 
Co., Tory Burch and Versace. Beyond eyewear, EssilorLuxottica 
extends its expertise to premium accessories through Fedon, 
a leader in high-end optical essentials.
Presentation of EssilorLuxottica
Group Profile
10 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
Smart eyewear: A Transformative Category 
into New Worlds 
Envisioning a future where iconic, must-have eyewear seamlessly 
integrates with a powerful universe of technology, EssilorLuxottica 
is leading the industry forward, redefining how consumers 
experience the world and embrace life’s boundless possibilities.
Building on more than a decade of R&D, manufacturing and 
distribution expertise, the Group is pioneering eyewear as an 
intelligent, dynamic platform that combines advanced 
technology with iconic design, refined esthetic

---

ization and impairment(a)  3,113  3,098 
EBITDA  6,492  6,545 
NET DEBT(c)  10,853  10,966 
NET DEBT/EBITDA LTM(d)  1.7  1.7 
(a) As presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
(b) As presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
(c) Net debt is presented in Note  20 Financial Debt, Including Lease Liabilities  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Its components are 
also reported in the Net debt section below.
(d) EBITDA LTM = Last Twelve months.
EssilorLuxottica in 2025
Statement of Financial Position, Net Debt, Cash Flows and Other Non-GAAP Measures
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 137
Net Debt
Group Net debt  (excluding Lease liabilities ) amounted to € 7,294  million at the end of December  2025, decreasing by € 24  million 
compared to the position at the end of December  2024. Lease liabilities as of the end of December  2025 decreased by € 88 million 
compared to December 31, 2024.
€ millions December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Non-current borrowings  6,812  7,071 
Current borrowings  4,027  2,498 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  10,839  9,570 
Short-term investments  -  - 
Cash and cash equivalents  (3,544)  (2,251) 
TOTAL ASSET  (3,544)  (2,251) 
Financial debt derivatives at fair value  -  - 
NET DEBT EXCLUDING LEASE LIABILITIES  7,294  7,319 
Lease liabilities (current and non-current)  3,559  3,647 
NET DEBT  10,853  10,966 
Non-current borrowings decreased compared to December  31, 
2024 due to the reclassification to current borrowings of 
a €1.25 billion Eurobond due in January 2026, partially offset by the 
issuance, in 2025, of a €1 billion Eurobond due in January 2030.
Current borrowings increased by € 1,529 due to the 
aforementioned reclassification for €1.25  billion (face value), an 
increase of Commercial Papers mainly under the USCP program 
for €1.75 billion (face value) partially offset by the reimbursement, 
in May 2025, of one Eurobond for €1.5 billion (face value).
Reclassified Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
The reclassified consolidated statement of cash flows reconciles EBITDA to the net cash flow generated by the Group, highlighting 
the cash flow derived from its operations (Free Cash Flow). 
€ millions 2025 2024
EBITDA  6,492  6,545 
Capital expenditure  (1,525)  (1,522) 
Lease payments (excluding interests)(a)  (970)  (940) 
Tax paid  (764)  (982) 
Changes in trade working capital(b) and other flows  (437)  (689) 
FREE CASH FLOW  2,796  2,413 
Dividends paid  (654)  (1,255) 
Acquisitions net of cash acquired  (911)  (1,755) 
Other changes in equity  (423)  (536) 
Other changes in financial and non-financial assets  (118)  (346) 
Changes in borrowings (excluding FX)  994  1,083 
NET CASH FLOW  1,684  (395) 
(a) Cash payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities as presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
(b) Trade working capital comprises inventories, trade receivables and trade payables.
Capital expenditure cash-out amounted to € 1,525  million, substantially in line with the corresponding period of the prior year and 
representing approximately 5.4% of the Group’s revenue. 
The cash out related to Dividend paid  decreased compared to 2024 mainly thanks to a lower cash dividend distribution to 
EssilorLuxottica shareholders (in 2025, 70% of shareholders opted for a dividend in shares, so-called scrip dividend, while in 2024 only 
35% of EssilorLuxottica shareholders choose the scrip dividend). 
EssilorLuxottica in 2025
Statement of Financial Position, Net Debt, Cash Flows and Other Non-GAAP Measures
138 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
The line Acquisition net of cash acquired  represents the net 
cash-out related to business combinations completed during the 
year and, to a lesser extent, price supplements and/or deferred 
payments on acquisitions completed in prior years. The cash-out 
decreased in 2025 due to the acquisitions made during the 
period, which had a lower financial impact compared to 2024 
(when the acquisition of Supreme and Heidelberg Engineering, 
among others, were completed).
The line Other changes in equity  includes, among others, the 
effects of transactions with non-controlling interests – such as 
acquisition of minorities in consolidated companies and/or 
exercise of put option over non-controlling interests – (€83 million 
in 2025 versus €297 million in 2024) as well as the cash-out related 
to the share buyback program (approximately €469  million, 
including financial fees, in 2025 versus approximately €315 million 
in 2024) offset by the cash-in related to share capital increases, 
shares bought from employees in the context of the international 
employee shareholding plan ( SuperBoost) and the exercise of 
stock options.
The flows reported in Other changes in financial and non-
financial assets  for 2025 include the cash-out related to some 
financial investments in non-consolidated companies.
Finally, the line Changes in borrowings (excluding FX)  was 
mainly affected by the movements described in the Net debt  
section.
3.5 Acquisitions and Partnerships
During 2025, EssilorLuxottica continued to pursue its M&A 
strategy in selected businesses and geographies. Among others, 
key transactions include the following.
• On December  16, 2024, EssilorLuxottica announced it had 
entered into an agreement for the acquisition of Espansione 
Group, an Italy-based company specialized in the design and 
manufacturing of non-invasive medical devices for the 
diagnosis and treatment of dry-eye, ocular surface and retinal 
diseases. The transaction was closed at the beginning of 2025. 
• On January  2, 2025, EssilorLuxottica announced the 
acquisition of Pulse Audition, a French startup delivering 
A I - b a s e d  n o i s e  r e d u c t i o n  a n d  v o i c e  e n h a n c e m e n t  t h r o u g h  
algorithms allowing people with hearing impairment to 
better understand speech, even in noisy environments.
• On February  11, 2025, EssilorLuxottica acquired Cellview 
Imaging Inc, a Canadian start-up specialized in innovative 
diagnostic via retinal imaging. Cellview’s solut

---

versal Registration Document 135
3.4 Statement of Financial Position, Net Debt, 
Cash Flows and Other Non-GAAP Measures
EssilorLuxottica Reclassified Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
The reclassified consolidated statement of financial position aggregates the amount of assets and liabilities from the consolidated 
statement of financial position in accordance with functional criteria, which consider the Group to be conventionally divided into three 
fundamental areas focused on resource investment, operations and financing.
€ millions December 31, 2025
Restated(a)
December 31, 2024
Goodwill  31,013  32,067 
Intangible assets  9,753  10,981 
Property, plant and equipment  5,643  5,689 
Right-of-use assets  3,402  3,484 
Investments in associates  88  85 
Other non-current assets  1,628  1,535 
Fixed Assets  51,528  53,841 
Trade working capital  4,296  3,756 
Employees benefits and provisions (871) (940)
Tax receivables/(payables) (314) (248)
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (1,519) (1,642)
Tax assets/(liabilities) (1,834) (1,890)
Other operating assets/(liabilities) (2,774) (2,800)
Assets/(liabilities) held for sale  -  - 
NET INVESTED CAPITAL  50,346  51,967 
EQUITY  39,493  41,001 
NET DEBT  10,853  10,966 
(a) The comparative period has been restated to reflect the finalization of the purchase price allocation (“PPA”) related to the acquisitions of Supreme and 
Heidelberg Engineering, which were accounted for on a provisional basis in EssilorLuxottica's consolidated financial statements as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2024.
Fixed assets amount to € 51,528  million and decreased by 
€2,313  million compared to December  31, 2024. The main 
changes in the categories of fixed assets are mentioned below.
1. Goodwill: goodwill decreased by € 1,054  million, of which 
€2,003 million is due to foreign currency fluctuations, partially 
offset by an increase of € 950  million resulting from the 
business combinations completed in the year (Optegra being 
the most significant).
2. Intangible assets : the negative change of € 1,228  million is 
mainly driven by the amortization for the period of 
€1,260  million (materially affected by the amortization 
resulting from the recognition of intangible assets following 
the purchase price allocation related to the EL Combination 
and GV Acquisition) and foreign currency fluctuations for 
€527 million, partially offset by an increase of €294 million 
from new additions largely related to software and R&D 
projects and of €269  million resulting from the business 
combinations completed during the year, particularly the 
one related to Optegra.
3. Property, plant and equipment  and Right-of-use assets: the 
overall decrease for the period amounts to € 128 million. The 
depreciation and impairment for the period amounting to  
€1,851 million and the negative foreign currency fluctuations 
of €500 million, were partially offset by  the additions for the 
period (capital expenditure, of approximately € 1,065 million, 
as well as the recognition of new Right-of use assets  in 
connection with lease contracts signed in 2025, of 
€1,043  million). The main additions in Property, plant and 
equipment were related to the expansion of the Group’s 
manufacturing and supply chain footprint, as well as to the 
improvement and renewal of the retail store network. The 
business combinations concluded during the period 
contributed to the increase in Property, plant and 
equipment and Right-of-use assets  for € 65  million and 
€67 million, respectively.
EssilorLuxottica in 2025
Statement of Financial Position, Net Debt, Cash Flows and Other Non-GAAP Measures
136 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
Trade working capital  (i.e., the sum of inventories, trade 
receivables and trade payables) increased by € 540  million 
compared to December  31, 2024, following the growth trend 
experienced in both the Professional Solutions and Direct to 
Consumer segments, led by the wearable product category.
Equity increased due to the net result attributable to owners of 
the parent (€ 2,315  million) and decreased due to the effects 
related to the translation of balances and flows in foreign 
currencies (a  decrease of € 3,230  million in the Group’s 
translation reserve); its balance was also affected by the dividend 
distribution for the period that led to a decrease of € 653 million, 
including €547  million paid to EssilorLuxottica’s shareholders 
who did not opt for the scrip dividend (see section Significant 
Events of the Year ), and € 106  million distributed to minority 
shareholders of the Group’s subsidiaries. Share-based payments 
also affected the final balance (€ 302 million increase) as well as 
the net sale/(net purchase) of treasury shares (€ 357  million 
decrease, mainly due to the  net effect of the share buyback 
program executed in 2025 and the SuperBoost plan, see section 
Significant Events of the Year).
Net debt decreased by €113 million compared to December 31, 
2024 as illustrated in the dedicated section.
Other Non-GAAP Measures
Other non-GAAP measures such as Net debt, Free Cash Flow, 
EBITDA and the ratio Net debt to EBITDA are also included in 
this document in order to:
• improve transparency for investors;
• assist investors in their assessment of the Group’s operating 
performance and its ability to refinance its debt as it matures 
and incur additional indebtedness to invest in new business 
opportunities;
• assist investors in their assessment of the Group’s cost of debt;
• ensure that these measures are fully understood in light of 
how the Group evaluates its operating results and leverage;
• properly define the metrics used and confirm their 
calculation; and
• share these measures with all investors at the same time.
These other non-GAAP measures are not meant to be 
considered in isolation or as a substitute for items appearing in 
EssilorLuxottica’s consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. Rather, they should be used as a 
supplement to IFRS results to assist the reader in better 
understanding the operating performance of the Group. 
Moreover, investors s

---

ct EssilorLuxottica’s 
investment capabilities and market value.
Future execution of the external growth strategy through M&A 
operations may require borrowings which would increase 
EssilorLuxottica’s exposure to interest rate fluctuation.
 For more information, see Note 25 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, in Section 5.1.6 of this Universal 
Registration Document. 
Currency
As EssilorLuxottica operates all over the world, conducting 
business in several currencies, the Group’s results may be 
materially affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
The primary exchange rate to which the Group is exposed is 
the EUR/USD parity, as around 42% of sales are in USD and 
around 65% of the Adjusted Operating Profit is USD 
dependent.
Around 76% of EssilorLuxottica sales are performed in foreign 
currencies (mostly USD, AUD, BRL, GBP, and CNY, etc.), 
significantly impacting the volatility of sales of the Group.
Similar to 2024, 2025 was characterized by strong currency 
volatility in the markets in which the Group operates, including 
Argentina, Turkey, Japan, and Brazil. The Group has been 
subsequently exposed to variations in its earnings.
 Also see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
in Section 5.1.6 of this Universal Registration Document for 
IFRS information.
Financial Market
The impact of interest rate fluctuations is limited due to the high 
percentage of gross indebtedness, at a fixed rate (75%). 
To hedge interest rate risk on gross debt or optimize its cost of 
funding, EssilorLuxottica may use interest rate swaps from time 
to time. In this case, financial income and expenses relating to 
interest rate derivatives are recognized in the income statement 
in the same period as the hedged item.
 For more information, see Note 25 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, in Section 5.1.6 of this Universal 
Registration Document.
Currency
EssilorLuxottica seeks to limit currency risk exposure with natural 
hedges and will only use financial derivatives to offset its 
residual transactional exposure.
These financial derivatives are entered into solely to hedge 
currency risks arising for business and financing operations. The 
Group’s Treasury department is at the forefront of this issue, 
making sure that the organization is flexible on costs and 
manages this risk across the Group adequately.
 Also see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in 
Section 5.1.6 of this Universal Registration Document for IFRS 
information.
Risk Management
Risk Factors
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 91
Operational Risks
Cybersecurity and IT System
Risk Description
Risk that the Group faces a cyberattack direct on the organization’s assets (e.g., system, people) or through third parties, which could 
result in loss of data and confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of information or temporary suspension of operational activities. 
The impact of a cyberattack could be worsened due to an inadequate protection and robustness of the Group IT Systems, more 
specifically regarding medical IT systems (surgical technologies and ophthalmic solutions).
Risk Details Mitigation Measures
The Group’s global expansion with new acquisitions and 
i n n o v a t i v e  m e d - t e c h  p r o d u c t s  l i k e  e a r - s u p p o r t i n g  g l a s s e s  l e a d s  
to an increasing complexity of its IT systems and data 
management. 
Ineffective IT control may influence operations and data 
management across the Company leading to various 
challenges, including physical and electronic threats, human 
error, network and technical failure, power outages or backup 
issues and may result in missed opportunities to leverage big 
data and AI for vision management.
Furthermore, these complex and interconnected digital 
networks may jeopardize the Group’s cybersecurity by 
exposing it to a growing number of malware, ransomware 
attacks, and phishing attempts that would cause loss of 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) of critical data.
A prolonged resolution time for cyberattacks may also 
influence the ability to handle financial communication in 
a timely manner, leading to reputational damage.
Artificial Intelligence’s growing prominence introduces new 
risks regarding data privacy and information disclosure, adding 
complexity in the cybersecurity landscape, requiring the 
implementation of enhanced prevention and control measures. 
Any data leakage or unintended information disclosure may 
compromise the Group’s reputation or pose challenges to its 
operational efficiency. Such issues could strain relationships 
with partners, investors, and consumers, ultimately eroding 
trust in the organization’s capability to protect sensitive 
information, adhere to regulatory requirements and ensure the 
functioning of both IT and OT systems. 
The Company’s entry into the med-tech sector requires 
a heightened level of care and management for highly sensitive 
personal health data demanding strict adherence to GDPR, 
HIPAA, HITRUST, PCI DSS, and NIS2 and other regulatory 
requirements.
EssilorLuxottica actively addresses the complexities of the 
IT system risks by continuously progressing in standardizing and 
simplifying IT systems architecture in order to streamline 
business processes, operations and practices, and also 
strengthening its defenses against potential cyber threats. 
The Group is dedicated to ongoing investments in security 
measures, which include among others:
• unified ERP and resiliency planning coupled with continuous 
updates to Business Continuity Plans and Disaster Recovery 
Plans to ensure operational continuity across all regions;
• annual risk assessment to identify and address vulnerabilities 
in IT and OT environments, conducted with external expert 
support;
• Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are in place to regularly 
measure and track the effectiveness of essential information 
security functions also for external suppliers;
• extensive security policies and procedures guidelines, and 
instructions to provide a strong framework for safeguarding

---

tion must be considered as a whole: all components 
(cash compensation, long-term incentive, employee benefits 
and, where appropriate, supplementary pension) and the 
balance between these components must be taken into 
account;
• the pillars and principles of the compensation policy are 
based on: 
Pay for Performance
Alignment with the 
shareholders’ interests
Consistency with other Group 
employees Competitiveness
• Predominant weighting 
of the variable component: 
90% (at target).
• Performance evaluation 
based solely on quantitative 
criteria.
• Financial and social 
responsibility objectives 
balanced between the annual 
variable component and 
long-term incentives.
• Significant portion of total 
compensation linked to 
Group’s stock market 
performance.
• Performance conditions 
aligned with the Group’s 
strategic priorities and 
shareholder expectations.
• Shareholder value creation 
criteria integrated into the 
annual variable component 
and long-term incentive 
plans.
• Financial and CSR criteria 
have been included in the 
annual or long-term variable 
compensation of employees.
• Identical criteria for all long-
term incentive beneficiaries.
• Employee compensation and 
employment conditions 
taken into account in the 
compensation policy for 
corporate officers.
• Practices of comparable 
European and international 
companies taken into 
account.
• Compensation policy 
designed to support the 
Group’s strategic ambitions, 
to attract, develop and retain 
exceptional leaders.
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
176 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
4.3.1.1.2 Process used to determine, revise 
and implement the compensation policy
The compensation policy for corporate officers is set by the 
Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Compensation Committee.
a) For members of the Board of Directors
In accordance with Article 14 of the Articles of Association, the 
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting determines the total annual 
amount allocated to members of the Board of Directors as 
compensation for their duties as Director.
On November  29, 2018, the Board of Directors approved the 
rules for allocating this total annual amount between the 
Directors, pursuant to the aforementioned principles. A specific 
compensation package for the position of Lead Director was 
approved by the Board of Directors on February 22, 2023. These 
rules will apply until a further decision is made by the Board of 
Directors.
b) For Executive Corporate Officers (Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer)
Role of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
When drafting the compensation policy for the Company’s 
corporate officers, the Nomination and Compensation 
Committee considers any changes to be made to the policy in 
the spirit of continuous improvement.
In order to prepare the compensation policy for the Company’s 
corporate officers, the Nomination and Compensation 
Committee:
• r e l i e s  i n  p a r t i c u l a r  o n  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e ,  t h e  r e p o r t  o f  
the High Committee for Corporate Governance (Haut Comité 
de Gouvernement d’Entreprise ), and the AMF report on 
corporate governance and executive compensation at listed 
companies;
• analyzes the applicable governance rules and reviews any 
changes that have occurred or that are planned;
• takes note of the expectations expressed by all stakeholders 
(investors and proxy advisors, notably through reports drawn 
up in conjunction with governance roadshows);
• analyzes the approval rates for resolutions on compensation 
for the Company’s corporate officers;
• carefully considers the compensation and employment 
conditions of the Group’s employees with a view to ensuring 
the consistency of the Group’s policy.
Annual work cycle of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
January-
February
Recommendations regarding the previous year’s compensation:
• evaluation of annual variable compensation after reviewing financial results;
• draft resolutions to be submitted to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on the components of compensation paid 
or awarded.
Recommendations regarding the current year’s compensation:
• amount of fixed compensation;
• performance criteria and amount of annual variable compensation;
• performance criteria and amount of long-term variable compensation;
• supported, where appropriate, by a benchmarking study of the Executive Corporate Officers’ compensation 
carried out by an external, independent consultancy firm;
• draft resolution to be submitted to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on the compensation policy.
April-May Preparation of the Annual Meeting:
• presentation of the draft resolutions on compensation;
• where appropriate, consideration of initial feedback from proxy advisors and investors on the resolutions relating 
to compensation.
September-
December
Recommendations regarding employee shareholding plans:
• performance share/performance unit awards/long-term incentive plans;
• information on the deployment of other employee shareholding plans ;
• information on the delivery of performance share/performance unit plans of prior financial years.
Preparation of the compensation policy for the following year:
• report on the results of the Annual Meeting, on proxy advisors’ and investors’ remarks;
• presentation of market trends in compensation and of the practices of companies of a comparable size, operating 
in comparable sectors, by an external, independent consultancy firm, where appropriate;
• discussion of priorities in terms of compensation for the following fiscal year and possible changes to 
the compensation policy (benchmark, etc.).
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 177
The Nomination and Compensation Committee determines the various components of the compensation policy with regard to the 
following principles:
Fixed compensation
• Fixed compensation must help attract exceptional leaders from within Ess

---

o repay all or part of the vested shares/units, 
or reduce or cancel all or part of the unvested performance 
shares/performance units.
Supplementary defined benefit pension plan
Francesco Milleri is not eligible for this plan.
Paul du Saillant is eligible for the plan under the same conditions 
as those that apply for beneficiaries that are not Executive 
Corporate Officers. Pursuant to the PACTE Law (Action Plan for 
Business Growth and Transformation) and the Government 
Order of July  3, 2019 implementing certain provisions of this 
Law, the supplementary defined benefit pension plan has been 
closed and the amount of the beneficiaries’ pension will be 
calculated taking into account their length of service at 
December  31, 2019 (i.e., 11  years and two  months for Paul du 
Saillant). Paul du Saillant has not accrued any additional rights 
since that date.
The supplementary defined benefit pension plan was designed 
to reward the loyalty of executives who have spent a significant 
portion of their careers with the EssilorLuxottica Group by 
entitling them to a pension in line with market practices. 
The supplementary pension plan was built around the following 
principles:
• a minimum length of service condition of 10  years with the 
EssilorLuxottica Group must be met in order to benefit from 
the plan;
• potential beneficiaries must end their careers working with 
the EssilorLuxottica Group;
• the pension benefit is proportional to the length of service 
with the EssilorLuxottica Group;
• the reference compensation on which the calculation of the 
final pension is based is calculated according to the gross 
compensation (annual fixed + annual variable component 
effectively paid) over the last three years;
• the potential annual entitlement is below the statutory 
maximum of 3% and is subject to performance conditions;
• the final pension benefit is capped.
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
184 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
Employment contract and severance payment
Employment contract and corporate office
As from the Shareholders' Meeting of May  21, 2021, any 
employee who is promoted to Chief Executive Officer or 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer must resign from their 
position of employment. The Deputy Chief Executive Officer is 
permitted to maintain an employment contract, pursuant to the 
p r o v i s i o n s  o f  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e .
Accordingly, Francesco Milleri terminated his employment 
contract with effect from his appointment as Chief Executive 
Officer by the Board of Directors’ meeting that followed the 
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 21, 2021.
Paul du Saillant has held a permanent employment contract with 
Essilor International SAS since November 1, 2008. Following his 
appointment as Chief Executive Officer of Essilor International 
SAS on March  30, 2020, his employment contract was 
suspended. It was decided to maintain the suspension of his 
employment contract upon his appointment as Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer of EssilorLuxottica, in accordance with the 
A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e .
Termination benefits upon termination of corporate office
EssilorLuxottica’s policy is to adhere strictly to the law and the 
r e c o m m e n d a t i o n s  o f  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e .
Thus, in the case of an Executive Corporate Officer eligible for 
a termination benefit on the termination of their corporate office:
• this termination benefit is capped at two  years of cash 
compensation (calculated with reference to the average 
monthly amount corresponding to the fixed compensation 
received over the last full 12 months of service prior to notice 
of termination of the corporate office, plus one-twelfth of the 
last short-term variable compensation due or received);
• this may only be paid in the event of a forced departure and 
is fully subject to the achievement of a performance 
condition as set out below:
• all cases of forced departure, irrespective of the type of 
departure (removal, resignation request, non-renewal, etc.) 
will be deemed cases of forced departure giving rise to 
the payment of the termination benefit, except in the case 
of serious or gross misconduct. No termination benefit will 
be paid in the event of serious or gross misconduct, 
resignation or where the beneficiary is able to claim a full 
p e n s i o n ,  i n  a c c o r d a n c e  w i t h  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e ,
• the right to receive the termination benefits is subject to 
meeting a performance condition duly noted by the Board 
of Directors at the time of or after the termination of 
duties. Performance conditions are measured using the 
average achievement rate of the objectives for the annual 
variable component of the Executive Corporate Officers’ 
compensation over the three  years prior to their 
departure. The annual objectives are those set by the 
Board of Directors for Executive Corporate Officers and 
used to calculate their annual variable compensation,
• in line with the expectations of investors and proxy 
advisors, performance criteria have been tightened since 
2024. A minimum performance rate of 50% must be 
achieved in each of these three years to trigger payment 
of these benefits. In the event of exceptional events 
beyond the control of the Corporate Officers, the Board 
of Directors may decide to waive this threshold for one of 
the three years concerned,
• thereafter, the termination benefit is calculated on a 
strictly proportionate basis up to a maximum of 100% (for 
example, if the average performance rate reaches 90% of 
the target, 90% of the termination benefit will be paid),
• this condition is directly related to the fulfilment of the 
objectives underlying the short-term compensation of the 
Executive Corporate Officers and is therefore in keeping 
with the fundamental principles of the compensation 
policy applicable to them, in that it takes into account the 
achievement of performance objectives that are aligned 
with the Group’s strategy.
Case of an Executive Corporate Officer without 
an employment cont

---

Not Been Applied.
Benefits in kind
The Executive Corporate Officers are eligible for the death/
disability, health insurance and defined contribution pension 
plans in force within the EssilorLuxottica Group under the same 
conditions as those applicable to the category of employees to 
which they are assimilated for the purpose of determining 
benefits and other components of their compensation.
The defined contribution pension plan is based on a flat 
employer contribution rate, currently set at 1% of gross 
compensation paid over the year.
The Executive Corporate Officers are eligible for a company car 
with a driver and are entitled to reimbursement, upon presentation 
of receipts, of accommodation, travel and assignment expenses 
incurred in the performance of their duties.
In addition, on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Compensation Committee, the Board of Directors may decide, 
after considering the specific circumstances of the Executive 
Corporate Officers, to provide them with company 
accommodation or grant them a housing allowance in the form 
of a lump sum payment. 
Therefore, if provided during the year under review, details of 
such benefits will be reported in the compensation report.
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
186 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
Compensation policy for appointed Executive 
Corporate Officers
Developing an effective long-term strategy means not only 
having a thorough knowledge of the market, customers, 
competitors and technologies, but also of EssilorLuxottica’s 
culture. For that reason, EssilorLuxottica prioritizes internal talent 
development as much as possible. However, the ability to attract 
talented individuals from all over the world is also a key driver of 
EssilorLuxottica’s future success.
The principles and criteria of the compensation policy will apply, 
where appropriate, to any successor to the position of Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer and of Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer, appointed after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of 
April 28, 2026. Similarly, these principles and criteria will apply, 
where appropriate, to any additional Executive Corporate 
Officer appointed after that date.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Compensation Committee, the Board of Directors would adapt 
these principles and criteria of the compensation policy to the 
specific situation of the appointed Executive Corporate Officer 
(fixed compensation, amount and objectives underlying the 
variable compensation, etc.).
In each of these situations, the total compensation offered to 
hire an Executive Corporate Officer from a company outside the 
Group should correspond to the “fair market price" in 
consideration of the position and the candidate’s profile. This 
compensation would be in accordance with the general 
principles set out above (Section  4.3.1.1) and would be 
calculated taking into account, where applicable, any difference 
in the level of responsibility and in line with previous practices 
within the Company, it being specified, however, that the 
balance between the fixed, short-term variable and long-term 
variable components would be maintained and that any new 
Chief Executive Officer or new Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
could not, respectively, be awarded compensation higher than 
that provided for in the compensation policy for the current 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and for the current 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, respectively.
For the purpose of recruiting the Executive Corporate Officer, 
the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Compensation Committee, reserves the right to 
compensate them for items of compensation or benefits which 
they enjoyed in their previous position. This compensation may 
take the form of a sign-on premium and/or a one-off 
performance share/performance unit award. 
In any event:
• the effective payment of a sign-on premium may only take 
place following approval by the Meeting;
• the aggregate amount of the sign-on premium and, if 
applicable, the one-off performance share/performance unit 
award would be equivalent to no more than the amount of 
compensation lost by the candidate, and would be duly 
communicated by the Company along with an explanation of 
the amount.
For Executive Corporate Officers appointed during the year, 
annual variable compensation objectives may be set during the 
year given the exceptional circumstances. In such cases, the 
variable component of their compensation will be calculated on 
a pro rata basis.
Exceptional compensation policy 
The Board of Directors has decided to introduce the possibility 
of granting exceptional compensation to executive corporate 
officers under certain circumstances which must be communicated 
and justified. Payment of such compensation could only be 
made after shareholders’ approval.
This exceptional compensation may not exceed one time the 
Total Maximum Compensation (fixed annual compensation, 
maximum annual variable component and long term incentive 
valued in accordance with IFRS) of the Executive Corporate 
Officer concerned.
This compensation may take the form of a cash payment and/or 
shares/units allocation. This exceptional compensation may be 
granted in accordance with this compensation policy, under the 
a b o v e - m e n t i o n e d  c o n d i t i o n s ,  w i t h o u t  t h e  n e e d  t o  m e e t  t h e  
requirements for the legal derogation referred to in Article 
L . 2 2 - 1 0 - 8 ,  I I I  p a r a g r a p h  2  o f  t h e  F r e n c h  C o m m e r c i a l  C o d e .
If the functions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
are separated
The compensation of the appointed Chairman of the Board of 
Directors should consist solely of fixed compensation, in 
a c c o r d a n c e  w i t h  t h e  r e c o m m e n d a t i o n s  o f  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  
Code. The Chairman of the Board of Directors may not receive 
any variable compensation (annual variable compensation or 
long-term incentive) or post-termination benefits (termination 
benefits o

---

in kind €12,641 €12,741 - € - €
Type
Employer contributions to Group plans 
(health insurance, death/disability 
insurance and defined contribution 
pension plan) €36,304 €43,972 €39,448 €42,620
Deferred benefit obligations
Supplementary defined benefit “loyalty-
based” pension plan No No
Yes, without 
acquiring any 
new rights
Yes, without 
acquiring any 
new rights
Non-compete payment Yes Yes Yes Yes
Termination benefits
With respect 
to the 
corporate 
office
With respect 
to the 
corporate 
office
With respect 
to his 
suspended 
employment 
contract
With respect 
to his 
suspended 
employment 
contract
(a) Details of the achievement rate of the criteria are presented in Appendix 1 below.
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
190 EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document
4.3.2.2.3 2025 Compensation appendices
Six explanatory appendices are provided in addition to this 
summary table on 2025 compensation. They relate to:
1. the 2025 variable component;
2. the 2025 performance share plan;
3. the supplementary defined benefit pension plan;
4. the termination benefits linked to corporate office or a 
suspended contract;
5. the non-compete payment;
6. Group plans and benefits in kind.
Appendix 1: 2025 variable component
The annual variable compensation of the Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer for 
2025 was determined in accordance with the principles set out in 
the 2025 compensation policy described in Section 4.3.1. of the 
2024 Universal Registration Document and was approved by the 
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of April 30, 2025 (under the ninth 
resolution with respect to the Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer and the tenth resolution with respect to the Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer).
Payment of this variable component will be submitted for 
approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on 
April 28, 2026.
The target bonus for Francesco Milleri and Paul du Saillant as 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer, respectively, for 2025 was equal to 150% 
and  125% of their fixed compensation, i.e., €3,150,000 and 
€1,687,500 respectively.
Company performance for 2025
As a reminder, the performance criteria for 2025 are as follows:
The performance criteria result for the 2025 financial year are as 
follows:
191% 200%
144%
Group adjusted 
earnings per share 
(EPS)
Revenue growth Adjusted operating 
profit
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
Weighting Description
% achievement from 0% 
to 200% of the target
Weighted % 
achievement
W A W X A
40% Group adjusted(2) Earnings per share (EPS) growth 
(at constant exchange rates(1))
 191%  76.4% 
30% Revenue growth (at constant exchange rates(1), 
excluding strategic acquisitions)
 200%  60.0% 
30% Adjusted(2) Operating profit (at constant exchange rates(1))  144%  43.2% 
100%  179.6% 
Achievement in amount
Fixed Compensation 
for 2025 financial year (FC)
Target Variable 
compensation (% FC)
Weighted 
% achievement
Achievement 
in amount
Chief Executive Officer €2,100,000  150 %  179.6 % €5,657,400
Deputy Chief Executive Officer €1,350,000  125 %  179.6 % €3,030,750
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 191
30%
Revenue growth
40%
Group adjusted 
earnings per 
share (EPS)
30%
Adjusted 
operating profit
Analysis of 2025 performance
In the full year 2025, EssilorLuxottica posted double-digit growth 
at the top line level, reflecting an acceleration of the 
performance in the second half of the year, even more 
pronounced in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Group 
revenue totaled Euro 28,491 million in the twelve months, 
growing 7.5% year-over-year, or 11.2% at constant exchange 
rates(1) (with the currency headwind mainly coming from the 
US  dollar devaluation). At constant exchange rates (1), revenue 
rose 7.3% in the first half of the year and 15.2% in the second, 
boosted by the sharp acceleration of the AI-glasses business 
developed in partnership with Meta. AI-glasses units sold, 
including Ray-Ban Meta (launched in September 2023) and 
Oakley Meta (launched in June 2025), were above 7 million over 
the full year. At the operating profit level, the Group’s 
performance was impacted by the combined headwinds of the 
US tariffs and AI-glasses, more materially in the second half of 
the year than the first, leading the full-year adjusted (2) margin to 
16.0%, 70 basis points below 2024 at constant exchange rates(1).
From a vision and strategy standpoint, 2025 year marked a further 
acceleration in EssilorLuxottica’s evolution from an optical 
c o m p a n y  i n t o  a  l e a d i n g  m e d - t e c h  a n d  b i g  d a t a  g r o u p .  T o  t h e  
traditional business of vision correction and protection, the new 
core business of AI-glasses (with Meta), hearing-aid glasses 
( N u a n c e  A u d i o )  a n d  m e d - t e c h  ( i n s t r u m e n t s ,  c l i n i c s ,  o p h t h a l m o l o g y  
in a word) were adding, like a natural and promising transition, full 
of opportunities for EssilorLuxottica, to be deployed across all 
channels worldwide. The AI-glasses business gained strong 
momentum, thanks to the continuing success of Ray-Ban Meta, 
helped by the launch of the Gen 2, and the strong start of Oakley 
Meta, with both the HSTN and Vanguard models. Nuance Audio 
closed the year one with promising trends, adding six countries in 
the course of the fourth quarter (Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, 
Portugal, Australia and New Zealand), being currently available in 
1 5 k  d o o r s .  I n  t h e  m e d - t e c h  f i e l d ,  t h e  c a p a b i l i t i e s  o w n e d  a n d  
acquired in the instruments category continued to be integrated, 
and assets in the strategic space of clinics (Optegra and Signifeye) 
were acquired. In the most innovative part of our traditional 
business, the myopia management portfolio expanded its revenue 
worldwide by 22% at constant exchange rates (1), with China still 
being the biggest market for EssilorLuxottica, w

---

plan’s terms, for all beneficiaries.
A p p e n d i x   3 :  S u p p l e m e n t a r y  d e f i n e d  b e n e f i t  “ l o y a l t y - b a s e d ”  
pension plan
Pursuant to the PACTE Law and the Government Order of 
July  3, 2019 implementing certain provisions of this Law, 
the supplementary defined benefit pension plan was closed on 
that date.
The supplementary defined benefit pension plan (Article  39 of 
the French Tax Code) was open to Group senior executives in 
categories IIIC and HC within the meaning of the Metalworking 
Industry collective bargaining agreement.
At least 10 years’ service (versus the two years recommended by 
t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e )  w i t h  t h e  E s s i l o r L u x o t t i c a  G r o u p  i s  
required in order to receive supplementary defined pension 
plan benefits. Grantees also have to be employees of 
EssilorLuxottica (or a member company) at the time they cease 
their professional activity. In accordance with the applicable 
regulations, an executive whose employment is terminated after 
reaching the age of 55 and who does not accept any other paid 
position is considered as having retired from the Company.
The supplementary pension is based on length of service within 
the Group and the average gross compensation (annual fixed 
and variable) paid for the three  years preceding the last day 
worked (reference compensation).
More specifically, if the eligibility conditions are met, the 
supplementary pension is determined as follows:
• 10% of the reference compensation;
• plus, for each year of service in excess of 10 years and up to 
and including 20 years:
• 1% of the reference compensation,
• 1.5% of the portion of the reference compensation that 
exceeds the “tranche C” ceiling for Social Security 
contributions or 5% of the reference compensation, 
whichever is lower.
Report on Corporate Governance
Compensation of Corporate Officers
———
|1|
|2|
|3|
|4|
|5|
|6|
|7|
|8|
EssilorLuxottica òò 2025 Universal Registration Document 195
Accordingly, category IIIC and HC executives with at least 
20  years’ service with the Group are eligible for a maximum 
supplementary pension benefit of up to 25% of their reference 
compensation (versus a maximum of 45% provided for in the 
A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e ) .  T h e  i n c r e a s e  i n  p o t e n t i a l  r i g h t s  i s  t h e r e f o r e  
a maximum of 1.25% per year (versus a maximum of 3% 
provided by law).
NB: The benefit obligation is accrued in the balance sheet 
during the vesting period (i.e., the period during which the 
Executive Corporate Officer remains in office), and, upon the 
grantee’s retirement, the liability is fully outsourced to an 
insurance company which is responsible for paying the benefits.
Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Francesco Milleri is not eligible for the Company’s defined 
benefit pension plan.
Paul du Saillant, Deputy Chief Executive Officer
Paul du Saillant recorded 11 years and two months of service at 
December  31, 2019. He has not accrued any additional rights 
since that date.
Under this plan, in view of his length of service in the Group 
when the plan was closed, the theoretical calculation of the 
annual benefits due to Paul du Saillant at December  31, 2025 
would be 12.8% of the average compensation actually received 
in 2023, 2024 and 2025 (i.e., around €414,800).
Appendix 4: Termination benefits related to corporate 
office or a suspended contract
Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
No termination benefit was granted to Francesco Milleri 
for 2025.
As a reminder, the terms of the commitment applicable since 
Francesco Milleri’s appointment are as follows:
I n  a c c o r d a n c e  w i t h  t h e  r e c o m m e n d a t i o n s  o f  t h e  A F E P - M E D E F  
Code, as from the Annual Meeting of May  21, 2021, any 
employee who is promoted to Chief Executive Officer is 
required to resign from their position of employment. 
Accordingly, Francesco Milleri terminated his employment 
contract with effect from his appointment as Chief Executive 
Officer on May 21, 2021.
The termination benefit is wholly subject to a performance 
condition as described below.
Condition for allocating a termination benefit
Any cases of forced departure, irrespective of the type of 
departure (removal, resignation request, non-renewal, etc.), 
would give rise to the payment of the termination benefit 
subject to a performance condition.
No payment will be made in the event of serious or gross 
misconduct, resignation or where the beneficiary is able to claim 
a full pension, in accordance with the recommendations of the 
A F E P - M E D E F  C o d e .
Performance condition
The potential payment of this benefit would be subject to the 
following performance condition.
Performance would have been measured using Francesco 
Milleri’s average achievement rate of his target annual variable 
component over the three  years prior to his departure. These 
annual objectives would be those set by the Board of Directors 
in respect of Francesco Milleri’s role as an Executive Corporate 
Officer and used to calculate his annual variable compensation.
• A minimum performance rate of 50% must be achieved in 
each of these three years to trigger payment of these benefits. 
In the event of exceptional events beyond the control of the 
Corporate Officers, the Board of Directors may decide to 
waive this threshold for one of the three years concerned;
• Beyond, the termination benefit would be determined on 
a strictly proportionate basis up to a maximum of 100% (for 
example, if the average performance rate reaches 90% of the 
target, 90% of the termination benefit would be paid). 
This performance condition is directly related to the fulfilment of 
the objectives underlying Francesco Milleri’s annual variable 
compensation, in line with the compensation policy applicable 
to him, approved at Shareholders’ Meetings and taking into 
account the achievement of performance targets that are 
aligned with the Group’s strategy.
Amount of the termination benefit
This termination benefit is set at a