BETA Close X 4imprint Group plc reported that trading results for the first four months of the year are in line with expectations, with Group revenue consistent with the same period in 2025. Order intake decreased by approximately 2%, driven by a moderated decline in new customer orders down approximately 7%, while existing customer orders remained flat, though year-over-year order trends improved through April. Average order value increased by approximately 2% due to price adjustments, and while anticipated tariff-related supplier cost increases in early 2026 resulted in slightly lower gross margins compared to full-year 2025, the company remains confident in its prospects and ability to deliver solid results. The Group will announce its half-year results for the 26 weeks ending 27 June 2026 on 5 August 2026. Disclaimer* 4imprint Group PLC 20 May 2026 20 May 2026 4imprint Group plc AGM Trading Update and Notice of Results 4imprint Group plc, (the "Group"), the leading direct marketer of promotional products, today holds its Annual General Meeting at which Paul Forman, Chairman, will make the following remarks: "Trading results for the first four months of the year are in line with the Board's expectations. This reflects solid operational and financial performance, with Group revenue consistent with the same period in 2025. Order intake was down approximately 2% over the period, with existing customer orders flat and a moderated decline in new customer orders down approximately 7%. Year-over-year order trends improved as the period progressed. Through April, average order value was up approximately 2% primarily due to carefully considered price adjustments. The anticipated tariff-related supplier cost increases received in early 2026 have been manageable, resulting in slightly lower gross margins through the first four months compared to full year 2025. The marketing mix continues to provide the flexibility necessary to effectively adapt to market conditions. The Board remains confident in the Group's prospects and ability to manage the business to deliver solid results in the near-term and best position us for growth as conditions improve." The Group also confirms that it will announce its half-year results for the 26 w eeks ending 27 June 2026 on Wednesday, 5 August 2026. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 MHP Communications Tel. +44 (0) 7884 494112 Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer Michelle Brukwicki, Chief Financial Officer Steve Bindas, Director of Investor Relations Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 seconds ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and