AGM Statement 4imprint Group PLC 21 May 2025 21 May 2025 4imprint Group plc AGM Trading Update and Notice of Results 4imprint Group plc, (the "Group"), the leading direct marketer of promotional products, today holds its Annual General Meeting at which Paul Moody, Chairman, will make the following remarks: "The Group has delivered a resilient operational and financial performance in the early part of 2025 against the backdrop of volatile macro-economic conditions. Group revenue for the first four months of 2025 was in line with the same period in 2024. Order intake has continued to run approximately 2% below prior year while average order values were even with prior year . Gross margins have remained strong in the period, and the marketing mix has provided the flexibility and efficiency we anticipated. Although the recently announced temporary reduction of tariffs on US imports from China moderates their impact in the near term, we expect an element of supply chain disruption and higher product costs during the second half of the year. In addition, any impact the situation surrounding tariff policy may have on the broader macro-economic backdrop is difficult to predict. However, as demonstrated in previous periods of uncertainty and supply chain disruption, the Group's strategy, including a strong balance sheet, gives the business a competitive advantage. The Board remains confident in the Group's ability to navigate the current uncertain environment, delivering the best possible near-term financial results while positioning the business to take advantage of opportunities that will present themselves as certainty returns." The Group also confirms that it will announce its half-year results for the 26 weeks ending 28 June 2025 on Wednesday, 6 August 2025. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 MHP Communications Tel. +44 (0) 7884 494112 Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer Michelle Brukwicki, Chief Financial Officer Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and