BETA Close X Watches of Switzerland Group PLC has acquired 88% of Deutsch & Deutsch, a Texas-based luxury watch and jewellery retailer with four showrooms, for $67 million in annual revenue as of December 31, 2024. This acquisition, which includes brands like Rolex, Cartier, and OMEGA, is expected to be value-accretive and enhance the Group's US presence, bringing their total US Rolex-anchored showrooms to 25. The company also holds an option to acquire the remaining share capital. Disclaimer* Watches of Switzerland Group PLC 22 January 2026 22 January 2026 Acquisition of four new US showrooms Acquisition of Deutsch & Deutsch, an official distributor of Rolex, Roberto Coin, Cartier, OMEGA, TUDOR and other key luxury brands The Watches of Switzerland Group ('the Group') is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition of Deutsch & Deutsch. Deutsch & Deutsch is a family-owned luxury watch and jewellery retailer that has been operating in Texas, US since the 1920s. The business is an authorised distributor of Rolex, Roberto Coin, Cartier, OMEGA, TUDOR, TAG Heuer, Breitling and IWC Schaffhausen. Deutsch & Deutsch has four showrooms operating in Texas: El Paso, Laredo, McAllen and Victoria. Two of these locations have recently undergone significant expansion and refurbishment to the highest standards of modern luxury, with planning underway for similar upgrades to the remaining showrooms. The showrooms are highly complementary to the Group's existing presence in Texas and will continue to trade under the Deutsch & Deutsch name, reflecting the local strength of the brand as it approaches its centenary. Tad and Aladar Deutsch will remain with the business and continue to play a key role in leading these showrooms post-acquisition. For the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the four showrooms generated a combined annual revenue of $67 million with profitability in line with the Group's existing US retail business. We see opportunity to further enhance the product line-up by introducing further access to the wide range of luxury watch and jewellery brands sold by the Watches of Switzerland Group. Following this acquisition, the Watches of Switzerland Group operates 25 Rolex anchored showrooms in the US. The acquisition comprised the purchase of 88% of Deutsch & Deutsch, with an option to buy the remaining share capital. Strategic acquisitions are a key pillar of the Group's growth strategy and capital allocation framework. We expect this transaction to deliver attractive financial returns, in line with our successful track record of previous showroom acquisitions. Brian Duffy, Chief Executive Officer of the Watches of Switzerland Group, said: "We have admired Deutsch & Deutsch for many years and see this value-accretive acquisition as an excellent complement to our existing US showroom network, strengthening our leading position in the luxury watch and jewellery market in the US. We look forward to combining Deutsch & Deutsch's local expertise with the strengths of the Watches of Switzerland Group as we continue to grow our presence in this key market." Q3 FY26 Trading Update The Group will publish its Q3 FY26 Trading Update on 4 February 2026. A webcast conference call for analysts and investors will be held at 9.00am (UK time) on that date. Contacts The Watches of Switzerland Group Anders Romberg, CFO +44 (0) 207 317 4600 Caroline Browne, Group Finance and Investor Relations Director +44 (0) 116 281 7420 investor.relations@thewosgroup.com Headland Lucy Legh / Rob Walker / Scarlett Hateley +44 (0) 203 805 4822 wos@headlandconsultancy.com About the Watches of Switzerland Group The Watches of Switzerland Group is the UK's largest luxury watch retailer, operating in the UK and US comprising eight prestigious brands; Watches of Switzerland (UK and US), Mappin & Webb (UK), Goldsmiths (UK), Mayors (US), Betteridge (US), Deutsch & Deutsch (US), Analog:Shift (US) and Hodinkee (US), with a complementary jewellery offering. Since 8 May 2024, the Group has also owned the exclusive distribution rights for Roberto Coin in the US, Canada, Central America and the Caribbean. As at 22 January 2026, the Watches of Switzerland Group had 200 showrooms across the UK and US including 83 dedicated mono-brand boutiques in partnership with Rolex, OMEGA, TAG Heuer, Breitling, TUDOR, Longines, Grand Seiko, Roberto Coin, BVLGARI and FOPE and has a leading presence in Heathrow Airport with representation in Terminals 2, 3, 4 and 5 as well as seven retail websites. The Watches of Switzerland Group is proud to be the UK's largest retailer for Rolex, OMEGA, Cartier, TAG Heuer and Breitling watches. www.thewosgroupplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watches of Switzerland Group (WOSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 4 hours ago Legal & General Group 4 hours ago BioPharma Credit 5 hours ago BioPharma Credit 5 hours ago Great Portland Estates All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and