BETA Close X 4imprint Group plc anticipates full-year revenue of at least $1.32 billion and profit before tax exceeding $142 million, both at the high end or above analyst forecasts, despite a 2% revenue decrease in the first ten months of 2025 compared to the prior year. Order intake is down 3% year-to-date with flat existing customer order counts and a 13% decline in new customer orders, though average order values remain consistent. The company maintained a double-digit operating profit margin due to strong gross profit margins of just below 33%, benefiting from delayed product cost increases and a flexible marketing mix. 4imprint ended October 2025 with a cash balance of $124 million and has approved approximately $10 million in capital expenditure for a distribution centre expansion. Disclaimer* 4imprint Group PLC 11 November 2025 11 November 2025 4imprint Group plc ("4imprint" or the "Group") Update on Current Trading THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 4imprint today provides a scheduled update on the Group's trading and operations. The Group has delivered a resilient operational and financial performance against the backdrop of volatile macroeconomic conditions in the 10-month period up to the end of October 2025. The Board expects full year Group revenue of not less than $1.32bn, which is at the high end of the current analyst forecast range, and profit before tax of not less than $142m, which is above the upper end of the current analyst forecast range. Group revenue for the first 10 months of 2025 was 2% below the same period in 2024. Order intake has continued to run approximately 3% below prior year with average order values in line with prior year, as the business has traded resiliently through its peak seasonal months. Existing customer order count was flat year to date, reflecting strong and consistent retention rates. New customer order count was down 13% year to date, a continuation of the performance seen in the first half. Gross profit margin has remained strong at just below 33%, as product cost increases due to tariffs are being phased in later than anticipated, while the marketing mix is providing the flexibility we anticipated. As a result, a double-digit operating profit margin has been maintained in the 10-month period. The Group remains highly cash generative and well financed, with a cash balance of $124m at the end of October 2025. The Board has approved a c.$10m capital expenditure for the relocation of its leased downtown Oshkosh, Wisconsin office space to its recently expanded distribution centre which is expected to be completed in mid-2026. The Board is confident that the Group will continue to effectively navigate market conditions, delivering solid financial results while positioning the business to take advantage of opportunities that will present themselves as economic and market conditions improve. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 MHP Group Tel. + 44 (0) 7884 494112 Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer Michelle Brukwicki, Chief Financial Officer Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou Steve Bindas, Director of Investor Relations This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and