Directorate Change 4imprint Group PLC 18 October 2024 18 October 2024 4imprint Group plc CFO Designate Appointment 4imprint Group plc ("4imprint" or the "Company") today announces the appointment of Michelle Brukwicki as CFO Designate effective 9 December 2024. This follows the announcement on 22 May 2024 that David Seekings had informed the Company of his intention to retire from the Board and from his role as CFO before the end of 2025. David's six month notice period will commence from December 31st. The appointment follows a thorough and rigorous recruitment and selection process led by the Nomination Committee of the Board. Michelle is a Certified Public Accountant in the US with accounting experience gained initially with Deloitte & Touche and is presently Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer of TDS Telecom, a division of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc (TDS). Michelle brings over 25 years of financial and accounting related experience at publicly listed companies, along with extensive experience in strategic planning and business development, leadership development, enterprise risk management and investor relations. Michelle will initially be appointed as CFO Designate and then is expected to become CFO and be appointed to the Board no later than May 31, 2025. A further announcement will be made in due course. Paul Moody, Chair, commented: "Michelle brings a wealth of relevant technical experience to the company, as well as proven evidence of strategic thought. As importantly, Michelle's approach to the leadership and development of people, together with her personal values make her a perfect fit with our company's culture. I am looking forward to working with Michelle." Kevin Lyons-Tarr, CEO, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Michelle to 4imprint. Her extensive experience, leadership style and strategic mindset will undoubtedly be an invaluable addition to our team as we work together to drive the business forward." Michelle Brukwicki, CFO Designate, commented: "It is an honour to join 4imprint as the next CFO. The Company's purpose, operations and culture are very impressive. I look forward to collaborating with the Board, the management team, and associates across the organization to build on 4imprint's strong foundation." Notes: 1. There is no further information in respect of Michelle Brukwicki which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 6.4.6. 2. Michelle Brukwicki's remuneration arrangements have been set in accordance with the Directors' Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders, including an annual salary of $470,000pa, an entitlement to an annual bonus opportunity of up to 150% and an invitation to join the new 4imprint LTIP starting in 2025. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Email: hq@4imprint.co.uk MHP Group Tel. + 44 (0) 7884 494112 Email: 4imprint@mhpgroup.com Kevin Lyons-Tarr Chief Executive Officer Emma Taylor Company Secretary Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and