Trading Statement 4imprint Group PLC 21 January 2025 21 January 2025 4imprint Group plc Trading Update and Notice of Final Results 4imprint Group plc (the "Group"), the leading international direct marketer of promotional products, will announce its final results for the year ended 28 December 2024 on Wednesday, 12 March 2025. Ahead of this, the Group today provides a trading update. The Group has delivered a strong financial performance for the year. Unaudited Group revenue for 2024 is anticipated to be $1.37bn, an increase of $41m or 3% compared to $1.33bn in 2023. Unaudited profit before tax in 2024 is expected to be not less than $153m (2023: $141m), above the upper end of the current range of analysts' forecasts. The Group made solid operational progress in 2024, despite a challenging market backdrop. Total order count and average order value for the year were both 2% higher than 2023. New customer orders were 9% below prior year, reflecting continued uncertainty around economic conditions. Existing customer orders were up 5% over prior year, demonstrating the quality and retention characteristics of customers being acquired. Gross profit margin has remained strong at around 32% and our flexible marketing mix has enabled us to tailor marketing investment to prevailing market conditions, resulting in a double digit percentage operating profit margin. The business continues to be highly cash-generative. A major capital investment of $20m was made in 2024 to expand the Oshkosh distribution centre, supporting continued growth in the apparel category of our product range. After this investment, unaudited cash and bank deposits at the 2024 year-end were $148m (2023: $105m), leaving the Group well-funded entering the 2025 financial year. Our financial and operational performance reflects a clear strategy and a highly resilient, cash-generative, business model. The Board remains confident in the Group's strategy, positioning and prospects. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 MHP Communications Tel. +44 (0) 7884 494112 Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer David Seekings, Chief Financial Officer Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and