Trading Statement 4imprint Group PLC 12 November 2024 12 November 2024 4imprint Group plc ("4imprint" or the "Group") Update on Current Trading 4imprint today provides a scheduled update on the Group's trading and operations. The Group has delivered a strong financial performance in difficult market conditions in the 10 month period up to the end of October 2024. The Board is pleased to update the full year 2024 financial guidance given with the Interim results on 7 August 2024. Expectations for Group profit before tax remain unchanged and are within the current range of analysts' forecasts at just over $150m. Group revenue is expected to be around $1.37bn. October year to date total order count was 2% higher than prior year. New customer orders were 9% below prior year to date, but encouragingly existing customer orders were up 6%, reflecting the quality of customers acquired under the new marketing mix. Combined with strong average order values at 2% above prior year, overall order revenue was 4% above the same time period in 2023. The promotional products industry in our primary North American market has continued to present a challenging trading backdrop. Continuing uncertainty around economic conditions has translated into generally weaker levels of corporate confidence, compounded by specific macro factors over which the Group has no control, including elevated interest rates, severe weather events and the distraction arising from the US election cycle. Although these factors have resulted in some pressure on revenue, performance across the remainder of the business has been very satisfactory. In particular, gross profit margin has remained strong at around 32% and the resilience and flexibility of the new marketing mix has enabled us to be agile in tailoring our marketing investment to the prevailing market conditions. The resulting double digit operating profit margin is a key factor underpinning our Group profit before tax performance. With a cash balance of $137m at the end of October 2024, the Group remains highly cash generative and well financed. Our experience is that less buoyant economic conditions represent a market share opportunity for 4imprint as our financial strength allows us to keep investing in the business and to take full advantage of the market recovery when it arrives. The Board remains very confident in the Group's strategy, positioning and prospects. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc MHP Group Tel: + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Tel: + 44 (0) 7884 494112 Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer Katie Hunt David Seekings, Chief Financial Officer Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and