BETA Close X 4imprint Group plc has filed a block listing return covering the period from December 28, 2025, to June 27, 2026. The company reported a balance of 413,000 ordinary shares under its block scheme at the end of the previous return, and no new shares were issued or allotted during this reporting period, resulting in the same balance of 413,000 ordinary shares remaining unallotted at the end of the current period. Disclaimer* 4imprint Group PLC 29 June 2026 29 June 2026 4imprint Group plc (the "Company") Block Listing Return Name of applicant : 4imprint Group plc Name of scheme: Period of return: From: 28 December 2025 To: 27 June 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 413,000 ordinary shares Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 413,000 ordinary shares Name of contact: Emma Taylor, Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc MHP Communications Tel: + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Tel: + 44 (0) 20 3128 8100 Emma Taylor, Company Secretary Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and