BETA Close X 4imprint Group plc announced a leadership transition, with Paul Forman set to become Chair Designate on January 1, 2026, and Chair on March 16, 2026, succeeding Paul Moody who will step down. Forman brings extensive experience from chief executive roles at FTSE250 companies like Essentra PLC and Coats Group PLC, and currently chairs Topps Tiles PLC. The company highlighted its strong financial profile and leading position in its core US market, with the CEO expressing confidence in Forman's ability to drive continued success. Disclaimer* 4imprint Group PLC 03 December 2025 3 December 2025 4imprint Group plc Chair Succession 4imprint Group plc ("4imprint" or the "Company") today announces that Paul Forman will be appointed as an independent non-executive director and Chair Designate of the Company with effect from 1 January 2026 and Chair of 4imprint with effect from 16 March 2026. On the same date, 16 March 2026, Paul Moody will step down as Chair and from the Board. The appointment follows a thorough and rigorous recruitment and selection process led by the Board. Paul Forman is an experienced director of both listed and private-equity backed businesses, gained in a variety of executive and non-executive roles. His experience includes chief executive roles at three FTSE250 businesses: Essentra PLC, Coats Group PLC and Low and Bonar PLC. He is also a former non-executive director of Brammer PLC and Tate and Lyle PLC. He is currently Chair of Topps Tiles PLC, Britain's largest tile specialist group, and Natara and Winder Power, two private equity-backed industrial groups. Commenting on his appointment, Paul Forman said: "I am excited and honoured to be joining the Board of 4imprint. All my interactions to date have shown the company to have an exceptional ethos, a clear leadership position in its core US market and a really strong financial profile. I greatly look forward to working with my future Board colleagues and the leadership team to help drive the continued success of the company over the coming years for the benefit of all stakeholders." Kevin Lyons Tarr, CEO said " We are delighted to welcome Paul Forman to the Board. He brings significant and relevant experience along with great passion and enthusiasm that will definitely add to the 4imprint story as we drive the business forward. On behalf of the entire Board and 4imprint associates everywhere, I'd like to extend our sincere thanks to Paul Moody. During his time as Chair, the Group has grown significantly and achieved a great deal, thanks in no small part to his outstanding leadership." Paul Moody, Chair of 4imprint said "4imprint is an exceptional business. I have been privileged to work alongside an outstanding team who, always, live the unique culture and values that are central to the remarkable success the company has enjoyed. I am proud of what we have achieved together, and I have no doubt that the future will be as rewarding as the past ten years, for all stakeholders." Notes: 1. There is no further information in respect of Paul Forman which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 6.4.8. For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Email: hq@4imprint.co.uk MHP Group Tel. + 44 (0) 7884 494112 Email: 4imprint@mhpgroup.com Kevin Lyons-Tarr Chief Executive Officer Emma Taylor Company Secretary Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and