Director/PDMR Shareholding 4imprint Group PLC 02 May 2025 2 May 2025 4imprint Group plc (the "Company") Director/PDMR Incentive Plan Awards The Company received notification on 30 April 2025 from Michelle Brukwicki, informing it that her award granted on 9 December 2024 had vested in respect of 3,667 ordinary shares of 38 6/13 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), pursuant to the 4imprint Group plc Long Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The award was net settled in respect of 1,174 Ordinary Shares withheld to cover statutory tax liabilities, and the Company also received notification that, on 2 May 2025, Michelle sold a further 550 Ordinary Shares at a price of £31.20 per share in order to meet the remaining tax liabilities arising on the vesting of the share awards. These transactions, in accordance with the rules of the Plan, represent the vesting of buyout awards granted to Michelle on her joining the Company. As a result, the total interests of Michelle Brukwicki in the Company are 1,943 Ordinary Shares, representing 0.01% of the Company's issued share capital. Emma Taylor Company Secretary 4imprint Group plc Tel: + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Email: hq@4imprint.co.uk The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail in respect of the transaction as described above. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Michelle Brukwicki 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Financial Officer b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name 4imprint Group plc b. LEI 213800G95T751RN2CT94 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument: Identification code: Ordinary shares of 38 6/13 pence GB0006640972 b. Nature of the transaction Vesting of s hare awards under the 4imprint Long Term Incentive Plan c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 3,667 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price 3,667 Nil e. Date of the transaction 30 April 2025 f. Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument: Identification code: Ordinary shares of 38 6/13 pence GB0006640972 b. Nature of the transaction Subsequent net settlement and sale of shares to meet tax liabilities arising on vesting of conditional share awards c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £34.00 1,174 (net settlement) £31.20 550 (sale) d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price 1,724 £33.11 e. Date of the transaction 2 May 2025 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and