Change of Adviser 4imprint Group PLC 02 May 2025 2 May 2025 4imprint Group plc ("the Company") Appointment of Joint Corporate Broker 4imprint Group Plc (LSE: FOUR), a direct marketer of promotional products, is pleased to announce the appointment of Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (" Berenberg ") as its Joint Corporate Broker with immediate effect, alongside the Company's current Joint Corporate Broker, Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt "). For further information, please contact: 4imprint Group plc Kevin Lyons-Tarr, Chief Executive Officer Michelle Brukwicki, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Berenberg Mark Whitmore / John Welch / Richard Andrews / Mollie D'Arcy Rice +44 (0) 20 3207 7800 Peel Hunt Neil Patel / Ben Cryer / Alice Lane / Kate Bannatyne +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 MHP Group Katie Hunt / Eleni Menikou +44 (0) 7884 494112 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and