BETA Close X 4imprint Group plc has published its Annual Report & Accounts for the 52 weeks ended 27 December 2025, which includes the financial statements previously announced on 11 March 2026. The company has also issued the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, scheduled for 20 May 2026. Both documents are available on the company's investor website and will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* 4imprint Group PLC 14 April 2026 14 April 2026 4imprint Group plc (the "Company") Publication and Posting of the Annual Report & Accounts 2025 and Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting The Company has today published its Annual Report & Accounts 2025 ("Annual Report") and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting ("Notice"). The documents have also been posted to those Shareholders who have requested hard copies. The Annual Report, which contains the financial statements of the Company for the 52 weeks ended 27 December 2025 (as included in the final results announcement made on 11 March 2026), includes the information required to be communicated in unedited full text. Copies of the Annual Report and Notice have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/ homepage . They will also be available on the Company's website at https://investors.4imprint.com . The 2026 Annual General Meeting of the Company ("AGM") is scheduled to be held at 11.00 a.m. on 20 May 2026 in The Great Room at 25 Southampton Buildings, London, WC2A 1AL. Any changes to the AGM arrangements will be communicated to the Company's Shareholders before the meeting through the Company's website and, where appropriate, by way of a RNS announcement. For further information, please contact: Emma Taylor Company Secretary 4imprint Group plc Tel: 020 3709 9680 E-mail: agm@4imprint.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Altitude Group 15 hours ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 15 hours ago S&U 16 hours ago HSBC Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and