Director/PDMR Shareholding 4imprint Group PLC 17 December 2024 17 December 2024 4imprint Group plc (the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities or Connected Persons. The Company received notification on 17 December 2024 from Paul Moody, the Non-Executive Chairman of the Company, informing it that, on 17 December 2024, he purchased 1,500 ordinary shares of 38 6/13 pence each at £48.02 per share. As a result, the total interest of Paul Moody in the Company is 11,000 shares representing 0.04% of the Company's issued share capital. Emma Taylor Company Secretary 4imprint Group plc Tel: + 44 (0) 20 3709 9680 Email: hq@4imprint.co.uk The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail in respect of the transaction as described above. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Paul Stephen Moody 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status PDMR - Non-Executive Chairman b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name 4imprint Group plc b. LEI 213800G95T751RN2CT94 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument: Identification code: Ordinary shares of 38 6/13 pence GB0006640972 b. Nature of the transaction Purchase of ordinary shares c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £48.02 1,500 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A - single transaction e. Date of the transaction 17 December 2024 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Main Market (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies 4Imprint Group (FOUR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and