(REGISTERED NUMBER 00177991)

ANNUAL

REPORT AND
ACCOUNTS 2020

_ [me

COMPANIES HOUSE

OUR PURPOSE

Our purpose is to harness the enduring appeal of promotional
products to help our customers build their brand, promote
their initiatives, achieve their marketing goals and make
lasting connections with those who are important to them.
With every order we are trusted to carry a distinctive logo
or message on our products, so we understand clearly
that our primary aim is to be certain to make our
customers and their organisations shine.

We deliver on this trust by nurturing an authentic
environment where our people are valued and
empowered to do their best work.

By placing a particular emphasis on personal
fulfilment, we believe that we can attract

and retain like-minded teammates who are
committed to providing the truly remarkable
service that our customers require and deserve.

OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT
01 Highlights 06 Chief Executive's Review
02 AtaGlance 09 Strategic Objectives

04 = Chairman's Statement 14 Market Position

18 Business Model

20 Financial Review

26 Principal Risks & Uncertainties
32 Stakeholder Engagement

36 Sustainability

Our people go above and beyond to look after our
customers, to help each other, to ensure productive
outcomes for our supplier partners, and to have
concern for and give back to their communities.

We consider that as long as we prioritise these
mutually beneficial outcomes, the long-term
interests of the Company, our Shareholders and
our wider stakeholders will naturally be protected.

GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

45 © Corporate Governance Report 75 Independent Auditor's Report

46 Board of Directors 84 Group Income Statement

48 Statement on Corporate 85 Group Statement of
Governance ‘Comprehensive Income

52 Nomination Committee Report 86 Group Balance Sheet

54 Audit Committee Report 87 Group Statement of Changes in

58 Annual Statement by the Shareholders’ Equity
Chairman of the Remuneration 88 Group Cash Flow Statement
89

Committee Notes to the Financial
60 Remuneration Report Statements
72 Directors’ Report 113 Company Balance Sheet
74 Statement of Directors’ 114 Statement of Changes in

Company Shareholders’ Equity
115. Company Cash Flow Statement
116 Notes to the Company's
Financial Statements.

Responsibilities

ADDITIONAL

INFORMATION

124 Alternative Performance
Measures

125 Five Year Financial Record

126 Registered Office and Company
Advisers

Find out more online:
investors.4imprint.com

01
4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

HIGHLIGHTS

OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW

© 2020 results significantly impacted by © Marketing successfully recalibrated to resonate
COVID-19 pandemic during the pandemic whilst producing material
. cost savings
© 960,000 total orders processed in 2020

(2019: 1,587,000) © $9.14m ‘lump sum’ legacy pension contribution
. paid in May 2020
© Business successfully managed through
‘lockdown’; safety and retention of team © Strong financial position: cash balance of $39.77m;
members prioritised no debt

© Well placed to capitalise on the opportunities
arising in recovering markets

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW

REVENUE UNDERLYING* PROFIT BEFORE TAX

$560.04m $4.37m
-35% -92%

2019: $860.84m 2019: $54.68m

PROFIT BEFORE TAX CASH

$3.84m $39.77m
-93% -3%

2019: $53.99m 2019: $41.14m

UNDERLYING* BASIC EPS BASIC EPS

12.55¢ 11.03¢
-92% -93%

SLN3W3LVLS 3NVNUIAOD 1YOdTe DIDILVULS M3INU3A0
TWNYNIS aLV¥OdOD

NOLLWWHOINI
WNowIcay

2019: 154.41¢ 2019: 152.42¢

PROPOSED TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE PROPOSED TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(CENTS) (PENCE)

Nil Nil

2019: 84.00¢ 2019: 66.68p

2020 is a S3 week period and 2019 is a S2 week period. See page 21.

* Underlying is before defined benefit pension charges.

02
4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

AT A GLANCE

FOCUSED ON
SUSTAINABLE

GROWTH

We are a direct marketer of
promotional products with operations
in North America and the UK and
Ireland. Prior to the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 we had
delivered a decade of uninterrupted
market-beating organic revenue growth.

OUR OBJECTIVE

Our aim is to return to our pre-COVID-19 trajectory

of organic revenue growth by expanding our share in
the still fragmented markets in which we operate. Our
target is to achieve $1bn in Group revenue, although
the achievement of this objective may now be delayed
until after the original target date of 2022

WHAT WE DO

We make it easy for our customers to promote their
service, product or event. Our customers know that
promotional products from 4imprint's extensive range
along with personal, expert service on every order will
ensure that their name - and brand — looks great in
front of their target audience.

03
4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

NORTH AMERICA

Most of our revenue is generated in
the USA and Canada, serviced from
an office and a distribution centre
in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.

REVENUE

$549.87m
98%

EMPLOYEES

1,097

December 2020.

UK AND IRELAND

Customers in the UK and Irish
markets are serviced from an office
in Manchester, UK.

REVENUE

$10.17m
2%

43

December 2020

HOW WE DO IT

Our business operations are focused around a highly developed direct
marketing business model. Organic growth is delivered by using a wide range
of data-driven, online, offline and brand-based direct marketing techniques
to capture market share in the large and fragmented promotional product

markets that we serve.

Reaching our customers
Innovative marketing allows us
to introduce millions of potential
customers to tens of thousands
of customised products.

Looking after our customers
We have an exceptional culture
revolving around the delivery of
remarkable customer service, and
a robust satisfaction guarantee
that our customers can rely on.

Our product range

Our merchandisers work closely
with our suppliers to continuously
update and curate our extensive
product range.

Application of technology

Our appetite for technology delivers
an attractive customer experience,
an efficient order processing
platform and sophisticated
data-driven analytics.

FIVE YEAR GROWTH

REVENUE

$560.04m

UNDERLYING PROFIT BEFORE TAX

$4.37m

UNDERLYING EARNINGS PER SHARE

12.55¢

SAN3W3LVAS aDNVNYaIAOD 1WOdTY DIDILVULS ‘M3IAYIAO.
TWPNWNId 3Av¥OdUOD

NOILLWINNOINI
TWNOILIGaV

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

FOCUSED

STAKEHOLDERS

COVID-19 impact

2020 was an unprecedented year. In
common with many other businesses
worldwide, 4imprint’s operational and
financial performance was dominated by
the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and
its devastating impact on our trading
environment. From mid-March onwards
the Group experienced severe operational
disruption alongside significantly decreased
demand for promotional products.

Weekly order counts (the most direct

KPI addressing the immediate health of
the business) plunged from around 13%
ahead of 2019 for the first two months of
the year to a low point in mid-April of less
than 20% against the same comparative.
Since that point, order counts steadily
recovered to a fourth quarter run rate

of around 70% of prior year.

This demand profile produced a material
negative impact on the year’s financial
performance. Group revenue in 2020 was
$560.04m, a decrease of $300.80m, or
35%, from 2019. Profit before tax for the
year was $3.84m (2019: $53.99m),
resulting in basic earnings per share of
11.03¢ (2019: 152.42¢). Given the very
difficult trading environment, the Group's
cash performance was strong. The 2020
period end cash position was $39.77m,
just below the 2019 balance of $41.14m,
despite the unprecedented trading
conditions and the payment in the year
of a ‘lump sum’ pension contribution

of $9,14m.

Response

Our team’s response to the challenges
presented by COVID-19 has been clear and
deliberate. We have focused on protecting
the long-term prospects of the business,
staying true to our culture and mitigating
adverse consequences for all of our
stakeholders. Some themes in particular
stand out:

* We pursued a people-led approach. The
protection and retention of our team
members has been central to our culture
for many years and remains essential to
building and protecting our brand
equity. Accordingly, we remain very
confident in our continued ability to
provide excellent service to our
customers and to make the most of our
opportunities as demand levels recover.
We successfully dealt with ‘lockdown’
restrictions, including the enforced
closure of our offices and distribution
operations. As our facilities reopened,
health and safety was prioritised,
including rigorous social distancing
protocols. Many team members were
able to move to remote working,
allowing us to continue providing
uninterrupted customer service
throughout the year.

05
4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

* We worked together with our suppliers
more closely than ever to ensure the
availability of product despite a rapidly
changing product mix and a challenging
production environment. We are very
grateful for the perseverance,
collaboration and support of our
supplier partners who faced pandemic
issues of their own during such a
difficult year.

* We regularly and extensively
recalibrated our marketing activities
in order to reduce spend materially in
the context of substantially reduced
revenue, whilst keeping the 4imprint
name in front of both existing and
prospective customers, protecting the
longer-term prospects of the business.

* We emphasised cost control and cash
conservation to preserve liquidity,
including the temporary cancellation
of dividend payments.

Communication and governance

Ata time of severe operational disruption
and financial stress, the Board and
executive management worked hard to
ensure strong and effective communication
and active governance including:

* Full attendance at all Board meetings
and several supplementary conference/
video calls, often convened at relatively
short notice.

Uninterrupted internal information flow,
including KPIs, regularly scheduled
financial reporting and updates to the
Board as appropriate by the Executive
Directors.

Clear and timely external information
flow, in particular regular RNS trading
updates to the market detailing order
counts, operational adjustments and the
Group's liquidity position, followed by
numerous conferences with investors.
Regular updates to all team members
from the CEO, UK General Manager and
other senior executives throughout the
organisation updating them on the
impact of COVID-19, our evolving
mitigation plans, and latest
performance objectives.

Financial strength

The Board's well-established balance sheet
funding guidelines meant that the Group
was in a strong position to deal with the
significant adverse financial impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic. Management's
actions to conserve cash were swift and
effective, leaving the Group with a healthy
cash position and ample liquidity heading
into 2021

In order to maintain maximum liquidity,
we continue to take a prudent view on
dividend payments. Consequently, we are
not proposing a final dividend for 2020,
although it is important to note that the
Board has not changed its dividend policy
and will reassess the position over coming
months as the timing and trajectory of the
recovery becomes clearer.

Board

John Warren will step down as Non-
Executive Director, Senior Independent
Director and Audit Committee Chair at

the AGM in May 2021, John has given nine
years of impeccable service to 4imprint;

his calm approach and wise counsel will be
missed. After an extensive search exercise, we
appointed John Gibney as a Non-Executive
Director on 8 March 2021 with the intention
that he will succeed John Warren as Audit
Committee Chair after the 2021 AGM.
John was a stand-out candidate and has
extensive, relevant experience. We look
forward to benefitting from his valued
perspective moving forward

In addition, we have commissioned a
search for an additional Non-Executive
Director with the aim of further
strengthening our Board resource. We are
cognisant of the importance and value of
diversity, in the broadest definition, within
the Board setting, and this will be an
essential factor in the specification of this
new Board position.

Outlook

The Group has seen an encouraging
recovery since the initial shock of COVID-19
in the first half of the year. We look
forward to the beneficial effect that
vaccine programmes may bring to the
economy. The fourth quarter of 2020 was
relatively robust, enhanced by seasonal
apparel and year-end gift giving. Order
counts in January and February 2021 were
65% of 2019 levels, reflecting typically
lower order activity at the start of the year
combined with volatility caused by news
flow and weather events in our primary US
market. In the past three weeks, there has
been a marked increase in trading
momentum, with order intake compared to
2019 approaching the 70% seen in the
fourth quarter of 2020.

The Board is proud of the resilience and
flexibility demonstrated by the Group's
people and business operations. Decisions
have been made and actions taken
consistent with 4imprint’s purpose and
culture and with a view to the long-term
health of the business. The Group is
financially strong and very well placed to
capitalise on the opportunities arising in
recovering markets.

PAUL MOODY
CHAIRMAN
16 March 2021

SANAWALWAS 3DNVNU3ADD AYOdIY DIDALVALS ‘NBIAY3AO.
TWINYNIL aLvuOd¥o?

NOWLWINYOINI
TwNolLiGay

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIE

FOCUSED ON
OPERATIONAL
RESILIENCE

07
4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

2020 2019

S3weeks — S2 weeks

Revenue sm ‘sm
North America 549.87 839.28 “34%
UK and Ireland 10.17 21.56 -53%
Total 560.04 860.84 “35%

2020 2019

SBweeks — S2 weeks

Underlying” operating profit sm ‘sm
Direct Marketing operations 7.56 $7.40 87%
Head Office G.17) (3.47) 9%
Total 4.39 53.93 92%
Operating profi 3.97 53.62 -93%

UUnderiying profit is included because the Directors consider this gives a measure ofthe underlying performance ofthe business.

* Underlying is before defined benefit pension charges.

Performance overview

Our decade-long track record of strong
year-over-year organic growth came to

an end in 2020 as a direct result of the
COVID-19 pandemic. The unprecedented
collapse in demand for promotional
products along with the operational
constraints resulting from lockdowns and
other restrictions presented a multitude of
challenges for the Group. Equally, however,
these obstacles brought out the best in
our team members who responded with
incredible resilience and flexibility as we
rapidly and decisively addressed the
challenges presented with a focus on
safeguarding the business and ‘looking
through’ the crisis to make decisions that
will position the Group to thrive once again
as markets recover.

2020 started well, with total orders
received up around 13% over prior year

at the end of February. The impact of

the pandemic began to be felt from the
second week in March, manifesting itself
in a significant reduction in daily order
flow as ‘lockdown’ directives were widely
implemented. Order counts in the US
business hit a low point in the second week
of April, falling to less than 20% of the
comparative week in 2019. The initial lifting
of restrictions in May and June in many US
states resulted in a steady increase in order
counts to around 50% of prior year by the
half year. This recovery in demand
continued through the second half of

the year, with order intake in the fourth
quarter running at around 70% of 2019
levels, helped by stronger apparel sales
and year-end business gifting. The smaller
UK business saw demand contract sharply,
with order intake below 50% of 2019 level
for the full year.

In total, just over 960,000 orders were
processed in the year (2019: 1,587,000).

It is encouraging that we continued to
acquire new customers throughout the
year, albeit at much lower levels than
planned (2020: 173,000; 2019: 297,000),
and the new to existing customer order
ratio remained quite consistent. The
customers acquired during the pandemic
have demonstrated typical retention rates,
indicating that they are within our target
profile. In addition, the average order value
was higher than historical comparatives
during this period.

In terms of the effect of COVID-19 on
demand for 4imprint's products there
were two primary themes. Firstly, any
general economic downturn causes a
reduction in demand for promotional
products, which, like many forms of
advertising and marketing, are seen by
some organisations as discretionary spend.
Secondly, because this specific crisis was
driven by a pandemic, demand for
promotional items was suppressed due to
people being unable to gather for events,
meetings, training sessions, fundraisers or
in-office events, which are typically
situations where promotional products
have an important role to play. This ‘use
case’ problem impacted all product
categories, with the exception of imprinted
PPE items like masks and hand sanitiser.
The impact was felt the least in the apparel
category, and the most in the trade show
category, which features items specifically
used for a variety of events.

Asa direct result of these factors,

Group revenue of $560.04m was down
35% against 2019. However, the flexibility
of the business model was demonstrated
as we still generated a positive underlying
operating profit of $4.39m (2019:
$53.93m) even though we maintained

a reduced but still significant marketing
presence and made the very deliberate
decision to keep all team members on the
payroll despite the steep fall in business
activity. We have made swift decisions and
kept a close eye on cost, with the result
that cash flow was breakeven or better

at second half activity levels, leaving the
Group with strong liquidity and a firm
platform for further recovery as market
conditions improve.

Operational summary

As the nature of the pandemic became
evident, we made sure that our first priority
was the health, safety and wellbeing of our
team members. All of our operations have
worked with strict adherence to evolving
government guidelines and best practices,
such as the robust social distancing
protocols and other initiatives like uprated
air filtration implemented in our facilities.
We have prioritised the retention of our
team members, staying true to the culture
that has been essential to our success over
many years. Whilst representing short-term
investment, we are certain that this
approach has left us in the best possible
position to take advantage of the
opportunities arising when market
conditions return closer to normal.

Throughout the year we were able to
continue to provide excellent service to our
customers via an enhanced and expanded
‘work from home’ capability. This allowed
us to provide continuity of service for
office-based activities under ‘lockdown’
conditions, and even though our offices
were fully operational in the second half
of the year most team members continued
to work effectively from home, thereby
minimising the risk of virus transmission.
Most of the activities at our Oshkosh
distribution centre cannot be carried out
remotely; therefore we have been vigilant
with safety, cleaning and social distancing
measures as well as rotating shifts so as

to align the number of team members
physically present to the workload at

any point in time. .

SAN3W31VLS aDNVN¥3A09 1¥Od3Y DIDBLVULS MGIAN3A0
WONWNIL aLVYOd¥O?

NOLLVINYOJNI
WNoulday

08

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW CONTINUED

Our supply chain was not left untouched
by the pandemic. Initial concerns over

the supply of blank product from
manufacturers in China (where our
domestic suppliers source approximately
60% of our blank products) were largely
mitigated by the timing of the inventory
cycle relative to the Chinese New Year. As
it turned out, the more significant impact
in the year was in respect of the domestic
production and logistical implications
caused by the rapidly changing situation
regarding regional lockdowns, associated
delivery delays and other factors. The long-
term, deep working relationships that we
have developed over many years with our
tier 1 suppliers meant that we worked
together very effectively, ensuring the best
possible service to our customers. We are
proud of what we achieved with our
suppliers in difficult circumstances in 2020
and remain very grateful for the essential
part they play in our business success.

Marketing remains an essential component
of our business model and is at the centre
of our strategy to drive our growth. tt is
the largest investment we make in the
business. In reaction to the onset of the
pandemic, our marketing activities were
radically recalibrated in an extremely short
space of time. For the first time in our
history, catalogue circulation and Blue
Box™ mailings were completely stopped
for several weeks. These activities were
added back into the mix as appropriate

as lockdowns eased and more of our
customers gradually returned to work.
Search engine spend, a significant portion
of the overall marketing budget, changes
with market demand therefore there was a
significant initial reduction in spend as the
pandemic took hold followed by gradually
increasing expense as order intake began
to recover during the year.

Our experience through previous economic
downturns has highlighted the importance
of continuing marketing activities even in
periods of reduced demand. This helps
maintain brand awareness and facilitates

a faster recovery and market share gain as
the crisis passes. Due to the specific nature
of this downturn, we focused our
marketing activities more towards our
brand advertising initiatives. The favourable
cost dynamics of TV buying during the bulk
of the year, combined with the high level of
‘reach’ made this pillar of our marketing
platform the obvious choice to keep our
place in the minds of our target customers
and to continue to build brand awareness
and equity for the long term, Initially
consisting of two new TV campaigns
delivering contextually appropriate
messaging to potential and existing
customers at the start of the pandemic,
our campaigns were changed again to

be relevant to recovering demand in the
second half of the year. These different
elements, taken together, delivered a
material overall cost reduction, whilst

striking an effective balance between
reacting to changed circumstances,
maintaining brand awareness and
capturing the limited demand in the
market. This balance was evidenced by
the Revenue per Marketing Dollar KPI
in 2020 at $6.03 (2019: $5.58).

Beyond the great work of our teammates
and our suppliers in support of our
customers under very difficult
circumstances, another highlight in 2020
was the significant progress made in the
Group's commitment to environmental
matters. A firm base had been laid in
previous years, but in 2020 our attention
to climate change mitigation and other
aspects of environmental stewardship took
a leap forward with an agreed framework
approved by the Board at its annual
strategy session. There are several aspects
to our approach, including a headline
commitment to achieve carbon neutrality
for significant aspects of our business no
later than December 2022. Further details
can be found in the ‘Sustainability’ section
of this Strategic Report on pages 36 to 44.
We are excited about what we can achieve
in the months and years ahead

Competitive position

The financial strength of the Group coming
into the crisis has allowed us to make
appropriate decisions that support the
ongoing investment in our people, our
platform and our differentiated marketing
activities. Whilst it is still too soon to
reliably predict the timing and trajectory
of the recovery, we remain very confident
in our strategy and in the clearly proven
agility and resilience of our low fixed

cost direct marketing business model.

We consider that 4imprint is in a strong
position to take full advantage of

the eventual market share gain
opportunities that will result.

KEVIN LYONS-TARR
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
16 March 2021

WE REMAIN VERY
CONFIDENT IN
OUR STRATEGY
AND IN THE
CLEARLY PROVEN
AGILITY AND
RESILIENCE OF
OUR LOW FIXED
COST DIRECT
MARKETING
BUSINESS MODEL

09

4imprint Group ple Annual Report 2020

STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

MARKET LEADERSHIP DRIVING
ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH

OBJECTIVES

© To be the leading direct marketer of
promotional products in the markets

in which we operate

© To expand share in fragmented markets

© To establish 4imprint as ‘the’ recognised
brand for promotional products within

our target audience

©

through investment in organic growth

KEY ENABLERS

+ Compet

e advantage through continuous .
development of and sustained investment i

RISKS

To achieve $1bn in Group revenue

Macroeconomic conditions
* Competition

* Disruption to product supply chain or

- Marketing * Business facility disruption
= People
~ Technology delivery service

* Differentiation through operational excellence: .

= Customer service
— Merchandising and supply

— Efficient processing at scale of individually
customised, time-sensitive orders

KPis
REVENUE GROWTH ($m)

$560.04m

-35%

Year-over-year revenue growth gives

the clearest measure of progress towards
our target of $ibn in Group revenue. The
Group's record of organic teveriue growth
was halted in 2020 due to the effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic.

eee

Disturbance in established marketing techniques
Reliance on key personnel

IT failure/interruption

Failure to adapt to new technology

Cyber threats

FOR MORE INFORMATION:
SEE PAGES 26 TO 31

NUMBER OF ORDERS RECEIVED (000s)

960

-40%

Orders received statistics are collated on a
daily, weekly and monthly basis to evaluate
performance against the targets in our
operational plan for both new and existing
customers. Analysis of order patterns
offers a clear and immediate measure

of operational performance.

24-MONTH CUSTOMER RETENTION (%)

42.7%

The 24-month retention rate offers
visibility as to the broad stability and
strength of the Group’s customer file.

It will vary year-to-year to some degree
and as such performance should be viewed
relative to an acceptable bandwidth. The
impact of the pandemic will affect the
retention profile over a multi-year period.

SANAW3LWLS 3NVNY3AOD ANOdIY DIDILVULS. M3IAY3NO
TWONWNH 3LVeOd4OD

NOILWWYOINI
TwNoUIGay

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2020

STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES CONTINUED

CASH GENERATION
AND PROFITABILITY

OBJECTIVES

© To deliver reliable and increasing free cash flow ©

over the medium to longer term

KEY ENABLERS

Reinvestment of cash generated from operations
into organic growth initiatives based on multi-
year revenue/return projections

Disciplined approach to investment:

- Marketing investment based on our assessment of
both prevailing market conditions and a combination
of current and future customer-centric metrics,
including prospecting yield curves, retention patterns
and lifetime revenue profiles

- Capital investment evaluated based on cash payback
and discounted cash flow parameters

Direct marketing ‘drop-ship’ business model,

facilitating efficient working capital management

Low capital intensity of the business

© To balance short-term profitability with

marketing investment opportunities leading
to sustainable long-term free cash flow and
EPS growth

RISKS

* Macroeconomic conditions

* Competition

© Currency exchange

* Climate change & environment

* Business facility disruption

* Disruption to product supply chain or
delivery service

* Disturbance in established marketing techniques

* Reliance on key personnel

* IT failure/interruption

© Cyber threats

FOR MORE INFORMATION:
SEE PAGES 26 TO 31

KPIs
REVENUE PER MARKETING DOLLAR

$6.03

Revenue per marketing dollar provides
a measure of the productivity of our
marketing investment. A gentle reduction
in this KPI is typical and is in keeping with
the nalure of marketing yield curves.
Clearly 2020 was not a typical year;
revenue per marketing dollar