AIMPRINT GROUP PLC

(REGISTERED NUMBER 00177991)

2019 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS

DELIVERING

PROFITABLE

ROWTH

MMi sn |

"2708/2020 #168 |
COMPANIES HOUSE

|

i

TUESDAY

~~

WE ARE THE

LEADIN

DIRECT MARKETER

OF PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS IN THE USA,
CANADA, THE UK AND IRELAND

WHAT WE DO

Most of our revenue is generated in North America, serviced from
the principal office in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. Customers in the UK and
Irish markets are serviced from an office in Manchester, UK.

Operations are focused around a highly developed direct marketing
business model which provides millions of potential customers with
access to tens of thousands of customised products.

Organic growth is delivered by using a wide range of data-driven, offline
and online direct marketing techniques to capture market share in the
large and fragmented promotional product markets that we serve.

OVERVIEW FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
01 Highlights $9. Independent Auditor's Report
02. dimprint at a Glance 65 Group income Statement
04 Chairman's Statement 66 Group Statement of Comprehensive
05 Purpose, Principles & Vatues Income
67 Group Balance Sheet
- STRATEGIC REPORT 68 Group Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity
06 Chief Executive's Review 69 Group Cash Flow Statement
08 Strategic Objectives 70 Notes to the Group Financial
42 Market Opportunity Statements
16 Business Model 98 Company Balance Sheet
18 Financial Review 99. Statement of Changes in Company
22 Principal Risks & Uncertainties Shareholders’ Equity
27 Stakeholder Engagement 100 Company Cash Flow Statement
30 Responsibility 101 Notes to the Company's Financial
Statements
GOVERNANCE
37 Introduction to Governance ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
38 Board of Directors 109 Alternative Performance Measures
40. Statement on Corporate Governance 110 Five Year Financial Record
44 Nomination Committee Report 111 Registered Office and
46 Audit Committee Report Company Advisers
49 Annual Statement by the Chairman of
the Remuneration Committee
51 Remuneration Report
56 Directors’ Report
58 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

ORGANIC REVENUE
GROWTH IN 2019

Revenue increase of
$122.4m (+17%)
1,587,000 total orders
processed (+14%)
297,000 new

customers acquired in
the year

Customer retention
remains healthy

INVESTMENT IN
MARKETING IN THE YEAR

Marketing spend
$154.3m (+18%)

Evolving marketing
mix; brand component
increasing as planned

vi

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2019
Highlights

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

$5m capital

CAPITAL INVESTMENT

investment in Oshkosh
distribution centre
completed in 2019

2020 capital plan
includes $4.7m in

PENSION COMMITMENT

$10m ‘lump sum’
legacy pension
contribution in
May 2020

apparel decoration

equipment

REVENUE

$860.84m

+17%

2018: $738.42m

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

UNDERLYING* PROFIT BEFORE TAX

$54.68m
+20%

2018: $45.59m

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

$53.99m

+22%

2018: $44.15m

CASH

$41.14m

+50%

2018: $27.48m

PROPOSED TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(CENTS)

84.00¢

+20%

2018: 70.00¢

UNDERLYING* BASIC EPS
(CENTS)

154.41¢

+19%

2018: 129.77¢

BASIC EPS
(CENTS)

152.42¢

+21%

2018: 125.61¢

PROPOSED TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(PENCE)

66.68p

+25%

2018: 53.15p

* Underlying is before defined benefit pension
charges and exceptional items,

Find out more online:
investors.4imprint.com

SLNAWALVLS 3DNVNY3AOD. 180434 M3IAN3AO
TENA Jtwunauas Maaiwure

NOILVWHOINI
awaAtiaaw

ve

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2019

4imprint at a Glance

FOCUSED ON

DELIVER

GROWTH

We are the leading direct marketer of promotional
products in North America, the UK and Ireland.
We have consistently delivered market-beating

organic revenue growth.

WHAT WE DO.

We make it easy for our customers to promote their
service, product or event. Our customers know that
promotional products from 4imprint’s extensive range
along with personal, expert service on every order will
ensure that their name — and brand — looks great in
front of their target audience.

WHERE WE DO IT

We operate the same business model in two primary geographical markets:

NORTH AMERICA UK AND IRELAND
Most of our revenue Customers in the UK and
is generated in Irish markets are serviced
North America, serviced from an office in
from the operation in Manchester, UK
Oshkosh, Wisconsin
REVENUE
REVENUE 2 1
20m 30
979 %
%
EMPLOYEES

EMPLOYEES 43
1,166
December 2019
December 2019

u>

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2019

HOW WE DO IT

Our business operations are focused around a highly
developed direct marketing business model.

Reaching our customers Our product range

Innovative marketing allows us to Our merchandisers work closely with our
introduce millions of potential customers suppliers to continuously update and

to tens of thousands of customised curate our extensive product range.

products.
Looking after our customers Application of technology

We have an exceptional culture revolving Our appetite for technology delivers an

around the delivery of remarkable efficient order processing platform and
customer service, and an industry-leading sophisticated data-driven analytics.

customer guarantee.

OUR OBJECTIVE

Our aim is to drive further organic revenue growth by
expanding our market leadership and share in the
fragmented markets in which we operate. Our target
is to achieve $1bn in Group revenue by 2022.

FIVE YEAR GROWTH

REVENUE ($m) UNDERLYING PROFIT BEFORE TAX ($m) UNDERLYING EARNINGS PER SHARE (¢)

$860.84m $54.68m 154.41¢

+17% +20% +19%

3DNVNY3AOD 1uoday MGIA¥3AO
BIwunauny Mioaiwure

SLNIW3LVLS
SNre torts

NOILVWYOSNI
awhatinaw

ut

4imprint Group ple Annual Report 2019

Chairman’s Statement

FOCUSED ON

ACHIEVI

UR TARGETS

PAUL MOODY

2019 was another successful year for 4imprint. The Board
has a clear strategy that delivered attractive revenue
growth and met profitability targets in the year whilst
making significant investments in the Group's future.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Group revenue for 2019 was $860.8m, an
increase of $122.4m (17%) over 2018. Alll of
the revenue growth was organic, reflecting
increasing share in a large but still very
fragmented market. Underlying profit before
tax was $54.7m, 20% ahead of the prior year.

Profit before tax was $54.0m, an increase of
22% over 2018, and profit after tax
improved over prior year by 21%. Basic
earnings per share also rose 21% to 152.42c.

The 4imprint business model remains highly
cash generative. The 2019 year end cash
balance of $41.1m (2018: $27.5m) leaves the
Group in a strong financial position.

The Company became a constituent of the
FTSE 250 Index during the year.

STRATEGIC PROGRESS

The Board is delighted with the Group's
progress over the past year. At the annual
strategic review, which took place in Oshkosh
in October 2019, the Board discussed and
reaffirmed the Group's strategic objectives,
most specifically in respect of the expansion
and development of the brand component of
the marketing mix.

The Group has achieved a compound
average revenue growth rate of 16% over
the last five years. Investment across the
business has supported this growth, notably
in embroidery production capacity and in
operating facilities. The latest phase was
completed in August 2019 with the $5m
expansion of the Oshkosh distribution
centre, completed on time and within
budget.

BOARD AND TEAM MEMBERS

We were pleased to welcome Tina Southall
to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in
May 2019. Tina’s experience and insight
have already proved to be valuable,
particularly in her role as designated NED for
engagement with our team members.

Andrew Scull stepped down from the Board
at the end of 2019. The Board wishes to
thank Andrew for the valuable contribution
he has made to the development of the
Group over his 15-year tenure.

Unquestionably, the most important driver
of 4imprint’s success is our people. Our
highly professional team members go above
and beyond every day in order to deliver the
exacting service levels upon which our
customers rely.

The Board expresses its thanks to all of our
team members for their contribution to the
Group's success in 2019.

DIVIDEND
At the half year the Board declared an
interim dividend per share of 25.00c,
representing an increase of 20% over 2018.
In view of the Group's performance in the
second half of the year and in line with our
balance sheet funding and capital allocation
guidelines, the Board is pleased to
recommend a final dividend per share of
59.00c, an increase of 20%, giving a total
paid and proposed 2019 regular dividend of
84.00c, up 20% over prior year.

PENSION UPDATE

Our capital allocation framework sets out
our commitment to funding our residual
legacy defined benefit pension plan (the
“Plan"). Subsequent to the triennial
revaluation of the Plan in September 2019,
a new, accelerated deficit recovery schedule
has been agreed with the Plan Trustee,
including a ‘lump sum’ contribution of
around $10m to be paid in May 2020.

This will serve both (i) to strengthen the
current Plan funding level, and (ii) to
progress our pension de-risking initiatives by
positioning the Plan for eventual buy-out
within a five-year timeframe.

CORONAVIRUS UPDATE

We are closely monitoring the situation with
regard to COVID-19, the novel coronavirus.
impact on the business has so far been
minimal, reflecting the timing of the
inventory cycle of our domestic suppliers.
However, the situation is very fluid and if
production restrictions in China persist, the
potential for disruption of our supply chain
increases. Should the virus become a global
pandemic, the potential effect on the
business would expand beyond the supply
chain. More detail is provided in the Chief
Executive's Review on page 7.

ouTLOOK
Trading results in the first two months of
2020 have been in line with the Board's
expectations. We have a clear strategy and a
focused business model geared towards a
market opportunity that remains highly
attractive. We will continue to invest in the
business to underpin further organic revenue
growth towards and beyond our target of
$1bn by 2022. Notwithstanding the fluid
situation regarding COVID-19, the outlook
for 4imprint is positive.

PAUL MOODY
CHAIRMAN

3 March 2020

v2

4imprint Group ple Annual Report 2019

Purpose, Principles & Values

PURPOSE

Our purpose is to harness the enduring
appeal of promotional products to help
our customers build their brand, promote
their initiatives, achieve their marketing
goals and make lasting connections with
those who are important to them. With
every order we are trusted to carry a
distinctive logo or message on our
products, so we understand clearly that
our primary aim is to be certain to make
our customers and their organisations
shine.

We deliver on this trust by nurturing an
authentic environment where our people
are valued and empowered to do their
best work. By placing a particular
emphasis on personal fulfilment, we
believe that we can attract and retain
like-minded teammates who are
committed to providing the truly
remarkable service that our customers
require and deserve. Our people go
above and beyond to look after our
customers, to help each other, to ensure
productive outcomes for our supplier
partners, and to have concern for and
give back to their communities.

We consider that as long as we prioritise
these mutually beneficial outcomes, the
long-term interests of the Company, our
Shareholders and our wider stakeholders
will naturally be protected.

PRINCIPLES & VALUES
We believe that a strong and principled
approach to doing business is
fundamentally important to our present
and future success. Our culture
encourages responsible practice at all
levels of the organisation and presents
clear guiding principles that drive ethical
interactions with, and outcomes for, our
key stakeholders.

Our guiding principles are further
expressed via “The Golden Rule” -
treat others as you would wish to be
treated yourself. This mindset is evident
across the business: in our customer
service proposition and guarantees; in
our product sourcing initiatives; in the
way that our team members interact with
our customers, our supplier partners and
with each other; in the way that we
engage in our communities; and in our
respect for the environment.

Our values are firmly grounded in the
broad principles set out in our purpose
and are more specifically articulated, on a
daily basis, by reference to the 4imprint
Compass.

SLNAW3LVLS 32NVNUIAOD. 1uoday M3IAYIAO
TWIVAWe tt Biwunauay Maaiwure

NOILVWYOINI
awaALinaW

vo

Aimprint Group plc Annual Report 2019

Chief Executive's Review

FOCUSED ON

DELIVER

OUR STRATEGY

KEVIN LYONS-TARR

Two years ago, we announced our intention to evolve our strategy to include a new
brand element to our marketing mix. In conjunction with this initiative, we set a target of
reaching $1bn in Group revenue by 2022. The Group's trading momentum in 2019
continued to demonstrate the benefit of this strategic evolution, leaving us in a good
position to achieve our stated revenue goal ahead of schedule.

2019 2018

Revenue sm Sm

North America 839.28 714.55 +17%

UK and Ireland 21.56 23.87 -10%

Total 860.84 738.42 +17%
2019 2018

Underlying* operating profit sm $m

Direct Marketing operations 58.20 49.63 +17%

Head office (3.32) (3.45) 4%

Share option related charges (0.95) (0.82) +16%

Total 53.93 45.36 419%

Operating profit 53.62 44,32 421%

Underlying profit is included because the Directors consider this gives a measure of the
underlying performance of the business.

* Underlying is before defined benefit pension charges and exceptional items.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

The Group produced excellent financial
results in 2019. Group revenue of $860.8m
was up 17% over 2018, underlying operating
profit of $53.9m was 19% higher than prior
year, and operating profit was up 21%.

Revenue in North America was up 17%,
an increase of $124.7m over prior year.
4imprint remains the largest distributor of
promotional products in North America.
Revenue in the UK, which accounted for
2.5% of Group revenue, was less robust as
the business faced tougher trading
conditions. Although order intake was
essentially flat year-over-year, revenue
decreased by 6% in local currency, and by
10% in the Group's reporting currency.

Several factors contributed to the Group's
operating profit performance in 2019. The
aggregate gross margin percentage was
stable through the year and for the full year
remained flat with 2018. Marketing
expenses rose, as expected, by 18% over
2018 and slightly above the year-on-year
revenue increase of 17%. Selling expenses
were up 11% over 2018. Overheads, head
office costs and share option costs rose

in aggregate by 14% over prior year.

These factors combined to generate an
improvement in overall underlying operating
profit margin to 6.27% (2018: 6.14%).

OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW

297,000 new customers were acquired
during 2019. This resulted in orders from
new customers rising by 9% over prior year.
Orders from existing customers rose by 17%
compared to 2018, helped by the powerful
dynamic of incremental improvement in
retention rates combined with a consistently
expanding customer file. In total, our team
members processed 1,587,000 individually
customised orders,

We have always had an operational mantra
of ‘test, read, react’ in respect of the
deployment of our marketing dollars. This
approach continued to serve us well in 2019
as we carefully reshaped the overall
marketing portfolio. The brand component
(primarily TV but also including a radio
element) was expanded during the year in
response to consistently encouraging
performance metrics. To accommodate this,
other parts of the budget such as search and
print were managed accordingly. Revenue
per marketing dollar was $5.58 in 2019
compared to $5.63 in 2018. This result is
directly in line with our expectations,
particularly given a year-on-year increase in
the overall marketing budget of $23.1m.

Our North American operations are served
by centralised office and warehouse facilities
located in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. in the
context of our consistent organic revenue
growth in recent years, in 2019 we added a
further 85,000 sq. ft. to our distribution
centre, increasing the total footprint of that
facility to over 300,000 sq. ft. The project

uw

Aimprint Group ple Annual Report 2019

was completed on time, within the budget
of $5m and is now fully operational. Our
capital expenditure plan for 2020 includes
$4.7m to increase our embroidery/print
capacity for the rapidly growing apparel
category. In addition, we plan to invest
$3.2m in infrastructure and equipment to
support growth at our Oshkosh office and
distribution facilities. As we noted at our
interim results, the current Oshkosh office
facility is approaching capacity. We are in the
process of evaluating our options with a
view to securing appropriate additional or
replacement office space.

We are very pleased, for the twelfth
consecutive year, to have been named one
of the Great Place To Work: Best Workplaces
~ Small & Medium Businesses. This reflects
the strong and unique workplace culture
that sets 4imprint apart.

CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) UPDATE
We are closely monitoring the situation with
regard to COVID-19, the novel coronavirus.
Our deepest concern is with the people who
have been directly affected by the virus,
many of whom are longstanding and highly
valued partners in our supply chain.

Approximately 60% of the blank stock for
the products that we sell originates in China.
These blank products are imported in bulk
by our domestic suppliers who keep them in
their local inventory, eventually to be
imprinted with a logo and shipped to our
customers as orders are placed. The fact that
the outbreak occurred around the Lunar
New Year means that most of our domestic
suppliers were at peak inventory levels when
the outbreak began - they typically place
orders in preparation for the first half of the

year to be delivered, or to be in transit,
before the Lunar New Year begins. As a
result, to date there has been almost no
impact on 4imprint from COVID-19.

However, the situation is still very fluid. The
Chinese manufacturers who effectively
‘supply our suppliers’ are spread throughout
China, typically specialising in a product
category. Each of these suppliers is different
based on their geographical location,
workforce location and requirements, transit
restrictions, access to raw materials for the
specific product they produce and other
factors. The level of any disruption for
imprint will be closely linked to how long
factories are delayed in resuming
production, The reduced capacity seen in
February, and even into March, is unlikely to
Cause major disruption in the short-term
simply due to the inventory cycle of our
domestic suppliers. However, the longer that
production restrictions persist, it becomes.
more likely that the inventory held by our
domestic suppliers will be depleted and
some element of disruption to the supply
chain becomes more likely.

Clearly, if the virus were to become a global
pandemic, other factors come into play and
the potential for disruption to our business
expands beyond the supply chain.

We are actively working with all parties in
the supply chain to plan for, and where
possible mitigate, adverse supply effects at
all levels. We are also monitoring closely the
developing situation and preparing to
address other potential impacts caused by
the spread of the virus globally.

LOOKING AHEAD
We remain confident in our strategy, our
business model and the market opportunity.
Our entire team is working hard to achieve
and surpass our $1bn revenue target and we
look forward to setting new strategic goals
at that point.

3INVNY3IAOD 14¥Od3y M3IAY3AO
Diwunauny aingiwure

SLNBW3LVLS
TWINS

NOLLWINYOINI
awarariaaw

vo

4imprint Group ple Annual Report 2019

Strategic Objectives

OBJECTIVES

Market leadership driving
organic revenue growth

To be the leading direct marketer of promotional
products in the markets in which we operate

To expand share in fragmented markets through

To establish 4imprint as the recognised brand for
promotional products within our target audience

To achieve $1bn in Group revenue by 2022

investment in organic growth

KEY ENABLERS

‘° Competitive advantage through continuous development

of and sustained investment in:
— Marketing

— People

— Technology

* Differentiation through operational excellence:

— Customer service
— Merchandising and supply

— Efficient processing of individually customised, time-sensitive

orders at scale

KPls

RISKS

Competition

Macroeconomic conditions

Business facility disruption
Disruption to product supply chain or delivery service

Reliance on key personnel

IT failure/interruption
Failure to adapt to new technology

Cyber threats

.
.
* Disturbance in established marketing techniques
.
.

For more information

See pages 22-26

REVENUE GROWTH ($m)

$860.84m +17%

Organic revenue growth is the cornerstone
of our strategic framework. Year-over-year
revenue growth gives the clearest measure
of progress towards our target of $1bn in
Group revenue by 2022.

NUMBER OF ORDERS RECEIVED (000s)

1,587 +14%

Orders received statistics are collated on a
daily, weekly and monthly basis to evaluate
performance against the targets in our
operational plan for both new and existing
customers. Analysis of order patterns offers
a clear and immediate measure of
operational performance, particularly in a
business characterised by relatively stable
average order size and gross margins.

24:MONTH CUSTOMER RETENTION (%)

43.4%

The 24-month retention rate offers visibility
as to the broad stability and strength of a
growing customer file. it will vary year-to-
year to some degree based on a variety of
factors (e.g. timing of when a new customer
is acquired in their first year, and timing of
retention marketing), and as such
performance should be viewed relative to an
acceptable bandwidth.

uz

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2019

OBJECTIVES

Cash generation
and profitability

To deliver reliable and increasing free cash flow over
the medium to longer term

To balance short-term profitability with marketing
investment opportunities leading to sustainable
long-term free cash flow and EPS growth

KEY ENABLERS RISKS
© Reinvestment of cash generated from operations into * Macroeconomic conditions
organic growth initiatives based on multi-year revenue/ * Competition
return projections * Currency exchange
* Disciplined approach to investment: * Business facility disruption
— Marketing investment based on our assessment of both * Disruption to product supply chain or delivery service
prevailing market conditions and a combination of current and *_- Disturbance in established marketing techniques
future customer-centric metrics, including prospecting yield * Reliance on key personnel
curves, retention patterns and lifetime revenue profiles * IT failure/interruption
— Capital investment evaluated based on cash payback and © Cyber threats

discounted cash flow parameters
* Direct marketing ‘drop-ship’ business model, facilitating
efficient working capital management
* Low capital intensity of the business

KPis

For more information
See pages 22-26

REVENUE PER MARKETING DOLLAR ($)

$5.58

Revenue per marketing dollar provides a
measure of the productivity of our marketing
investment. We measure performance
relative to in-year targets as opposed to
historical trend in accordance with our
strategic objectives for organic growth,
profitability and cash generation. A gentle
reduction in this KPI is to be expected and is
in keeping with the nature of marketing
yield curves.

UNDERLYING OPERATING MARGIN (%)

6.27%

This KPI shows the profitability of the
Group's trading operations. In recent years
our strategy has been to maintain a broadly
constant operating margin. It is possible,
however, that specific immediate marketing
opportunities may arise, impacting operating
margin in the near term but strengthening
our position in the market with recovery in
operating margin in subsequent years.

CASH CONVERSION (%)

96%

Cash conversion measures the efficiency of
the 4imprint business model in the
conversion of operating profits into
underlying operating cash flow. A high
percentage reflects good working capital
management and disciplined capital
investment. The 2019 numbers include the
$5m capital investment in the Oshkosh
Distribution Centre.

SLNAWALWLS 3DNVNY3IAOD 140434 M3IANIAO
Twinn atta, Jiwunauas ainaiwute

NOILLVWHOINE
aWiatinaw

w

4imprint Group plc Annual Report 2019

Strategic Objectives continued

To maintain a stable and secure balance sheet
aligned with the Group's growth objectives

To have the flexibility to be able to continue investing

OBJECTIVES

Effective

capital structure

in the business through different economic cycles
To enable the Group to act swiftly when investment

opportunities arise

KEY ENABLERS

* Conservative balance sheet funding approach .
* Capital allocation priorities in line with strategic objectives

KPIs

CASH BALANCE ($m)

$41.14m

Our balance sheet funding guidelines call for
the business to aim for a target cash balance
at the end of each financial year. The net
cash balance KPI shows the Group's
performance in managing its cash resources
relative to its capital allocation priorities. The
2019 closing net cash balance remains
healthy.

RISKS

To maintain commitment to making regular dividend
payments through an economic downturn

To meet pension contributions as they become due

Macroeconomic condi
* Currency exchange

ns

* Ultimately all other risks noted in previous objectives
relating to revenue, profitability and cash generation

For more information

See pages 22-26

RETURN ON AVERAGE CAPITAL EMPLOYED
(“ROACE”) (%)

87%

This provides a measure of the Group's
efficiency in the use of its capital resources
We aim to maintain or improve this KPI via
increased profitability, strong working capital
management and productive capital
investment, along with disciplined adherence
to clear capital allocation principles. Our
definition of ROACE excludes the net
pension deficit from the calculation.

PENSION DEFICIT/MARKET
CAPITALISATION (%)

1.0%

This KPI quantifies the substantial efforts
made so far in de-risking the Group's legacy
defined benefit pension liability and will
chart future progress in moving towards our
eventual aim of full buy-out.