Kuaishou Technology Class B (1024) Receives a Buy from DBS - The Globe and Mail Home Canada Business Investing Life Opinion World Politics Personal Finance Culture Sports More More Latest in More Real Estate Drive Watchlist For You Events Find clarity in the chaos. Subscribe now and save 70% SUBSCRIBE FROM $0.99/WEEK Digital access Digital + home delivery TSX 0.99 % S&P 500 0.73 % DOW 0.49 % NASDAQ 1.19 % Oil -1.9 % Dollar -0.2 % Gold -0.95 % tsx movers: CNQ-T + 1.53 % TD-T + 0.41 % SU-T + 0.87 % ENB-T -0.35 % This section contains press releases and other materials from third parties (including paid content). The Globe and Mail has not reviewed this content. Please see disclaimer . Kuaishou Technology Class B (1024) Receives a Buy from DBS Tipranks - Tipranks - Thu Aug 20, 7:36PM CDT DBS analyst Edmond Fok maintained a Buy rating on Kuaishou Technology Class B today and set a price target of HK$78.00. Summer Sale - Claim 70% Off TipRanks Unlock powerful investing tools with TipRanks Premium to make smarter, more confident investment decisions Subscribe to TipRanks Smart Investor Newsletter , and discover new investing opportunities with data-backed stock picks According to TipRanks , Fok is ranked #2818 out of 12428 analysts. Kuaishou Technology Class B has an analyst consensus of Strong Buy, with a price target consensus of HK$68.05. See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> Based on Kuaishou Technology Class B’s latest earnings release for the quarter ending March 31, the company reported a quarterly revenue of HK$33.41 billion and a net profit of HK$2.88 billion. In comparison, last year the company earned a revenue of HK$32.61 billion and had a net profit of HK$3.98 billion Read More on HK:1024: Disclaimer & Disclosure Report an Issue Kuaishou posts revenue growth but sharp profit decline in first half of 2026 Kuaishou Sets Board Meeting to Approve 2026 Interim Results Kuaishou Grants 8.7 Million RSUs in Broad Employee Incentive Move Tencent Cuts Kuaishou Stake as Video Platform Presses Ahead With Share Buybacks Kuaishou Brings in $2.8 Billion for Kling AI and Launches New Equity Schemes This article contains syndicated content. We have not reviewed, approved, or endorsed the content, and may receive compensation for placement of the content on this site. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policy here . Dividend stocks are getting dinged by rising bond yields. Just look at Fortis. And Telus. And TC Energy ... Why buy risky stocks when boring bonds offer similar results right now Ian McGugan Richard Warke and others buy at Highlander Silver Ted Dixon Market data provided by Barchart. Exchange delay details and data provider terms here . Information may be delayed, is provided 'as is' and is solely for informational purposes, and not for trading, investment or advice. Terms & Conditions Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Disclaimer Skip footer navigation Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Jump to footer navigation © Copyright 2026 The Globe and Mail Inc. All rights reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600, Toronto, ON Canada, M5A 0N1 Andrew Saunders, President and CEO