.2 3 d118550dex992.htm .2 .2 Exhibit 99.2 June 22, 2026 The Manager—Listing BSE Limited (BSE: 507685) The Manager—Listing National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE: WIPRO) The Market Operations NYSE: New York (NYSE: WIT) Dear Sir/Madam, Sub: Notice of Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 This is to inform that the 80th AGM of the Company is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, July 15, 2026 at 9 AM IST through video conferencing. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulations 30 and 34 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the following: 1. Notice of the 80th AGM (including e-voting instructions) 2. Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 The aforesaid documents are also made available on the website of the Company at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / and are being dispatched to all eligible shareholders of the Company whose email addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories. This is for your information and records. Thanking you. For Wipro Limited M Sanaulla Khan Company Secretary ENCL : As above 01 WIPRO LIMITED Registered Office: Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru—560 035, Telephone: +91-80-28440011, Website: www.wipro.com, E-mail: @wipro.com, CIN: L32102KA1945PLC020800 Dear Members, Invitation to attend the 80th Annual General Meeting on Wednesday, July 15, 2026 You are cordially invited to attend the 80th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Wipro Limited (the “Company”) to be held on Wednesday, July 15, 2026, at 9 AM IST through Video Conferencing (“VC”). The Notice convening the AGM is enclosed herewith. For ease of participation of the Members, the key details regarding the meeting are provided below: Sl. Particulars Details No. 1. Link for live webcast of the https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / AGM 2. Helpline number for VC For any assistance or support before or during the AGM, participation Members may contact the Company at +91-80-28440011 or at @wipro.com 3. date for e-voting Wednesday, July 8, 2026 4. Time period for remote Commences at 9 AM IST on Saturday, July 11, 2026, and ends at e-voting 5 PM IST on Tuesday, July 14, 2026 5. Last date for publishing Friday, July 17, 2026 results of the e-voting 6. Registrar and Share Ms. Rajitha Cholleti, —Corporate Registry and Transfer Agent contact Ms. Swati Reddy, Manager (Unit: Wipro Limited), KFin Technologies details Limited (“KFintech”) E-mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com; evoting@kfintech.com Contact No.: +91-40-6716 2222 & 1800-3094-001 Yours truly, Rishad Chairman A. Premji (DIN: 02983899) Notice June Bengaluru 2, 2026 02 NOTICE WIPRO LIMITED Registered Office: Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru—560 035, Telephone: +91-80-28440011, Website: www.wipro.com, E-mail: @wipro.com, CIN: L32102KA1945PLC020800 NOTICE TO MEMBERS Notice is hereby given that the 80th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Wipro Limited will be held on Wednesday, July 15, 2026, at 9 AM IST through Video Conferencing (“VC”), to transact the following businesses: ORDINARY BUSINESS 1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company (including consolidated financial statements) for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon. 2. To confirm the interim dividend of ₹ 5 per equity share declared by the Board on July 17, 2025, and ₹ 6 per equity share declared by the Board on January 16, 2026, as the final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 3. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Azim H. Premji (DIN: 00234280), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers himself for . By Order of the Board For Wipro of Directors Limited Bengaluru M. Sanaulla Khan Sd/- 26 June 2, 2026 Company Secretary 2025 -REPORT ANNUAL INTEGRATED WIPRO 03 NOTES: provided in the subsequent paragraphs. Such remote e-voting facility is in addition to e-voting that will take 1) The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), vide its place at the 80th AGM being held through VC. General Circular nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 7) Members joining the meeting through VC, who have not 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars already cast their vote by means of remote e-voting, will issued in this regard, the latest being 03/2025 dated be able to exercise their right to vote through e-voting September 22, 2025, (collectively “MCA Circulars”) at the AGM. The Members who have cast their vote by has permitted companies to conduct AGM through VC remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also join the AGM or other means, subject to compliance with through VC but shall not be entitled to cast their vote various conditions mentioned therein. In compliance again at the AGM. with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made thereunder, 8) The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) at its meeting held on June 2, 2026, have appointed Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), and relevant M/s. V. Sreedharan & Associates, Practicing Company SEBI circulars issued from , the 80th AGM of Secretaries, Bengaluru, represented by Mr. V. Sreedharan the Company is being convened and conducted through (FCS 2347; CP 833) or Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni (FCS VC. The Registered Office of the Company shall be 7260; CP 7835), or Mrs. Shobha Shridhar (FCS 13360; deemed to be the venue for the AGM. CP 22649), as the Scrutinizer for conducting the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 2) Though not statutorily required, an explanatory statement setting out all material facts relating to certain 9) As per Section 105 of the Companies Act, 2013, a ordinary business mentioned in this Notice is annexed Member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is hereto. Further, additional information as required under entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on their Listing Regulations and SEBI circulars issued thereunder behalf. Since the 80th AGM is being held through VC as is also annexed. per the MCA Circulars, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 3) The Company has enabled the Members to participate th appointment of proxies by the Members will not be at the 80 AGM through VC facility. The instructions for available for the 80th AGM and hence the Proxy Form participation by Members are given in the subsequent and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. pages. Participation at the AGM through VC shall be allowed on a , basis. 10) Corporate Members are required to access https:// th evoting.kfintech.com and upload a certified copy of 4) In addition to the above, the proceedings of the 80 AGM the Board resolution authorizing their representative to will be webcast live for all Members as on the date, attend and vote on their behalf. i.e., Wednesday, July 8, 2026. The Members can visit https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / to watch 11) In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such the live proceedings of the 80th AGM on Wednesday, July joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be 15, 2026, from 9 AM IST onwards. entitled to vote. 5) As per the provisions under the MCA Circulars, Members 12) In line with the MCA Circulars, the Notice of the 80th attending the 80th AGM through VC shall be counted for AGM along with the Annual Report 2025-26 are being the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 sent only by electronic mode to those Members whose of the Companies Act, 2013. e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories as on the date i.e., Wednesday, 6) The Company has provided the facility for Members to July 8, 2026. Members may please note that this Notice exercise their right to vote on all the resolutions proposed and Annual Report 2025-26 are also available on the to be considered at the AGM by electronic means Company’s website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ both through remote e-voting and e-voting at the AGM. /, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., The process and instructions for remote e-voting are 04 NOTICE BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India KFin Technologies Limited (Unit: Wipro Limited) Limited at https://www.bseindia.com and https:// at Selenium Building, , Plot No. 31 & 32, www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, of KFintech at https://evoting.kfintech.com. A letter Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India – providing the , including the exact path, for 500 032 along with the duly filled in Form and accessing the Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 requisite supporting documents. will be sent to only those Members who have not 16) SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/ registered their email address with the Company CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022, read with or the Depositories. relevant SEBI circulars issued from , 13) Members who have not registered their e-mail has mandated Members holding shares in physical address are requested to register the same in form to submit PAN, or declaration to opt out of respect of shares held in electronic form with the nomination, contact details, bank account details Depository through their Depository Participant. and specimen signature in the prescribed forms. In respect of shares held in physical form, Members Members may access https://www.wipro.com/ may register their email address by writing to the investors/faqs/ for the following forms: Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Limited at Selenium Building, , • Form to register PAN/e-mail ID/bank Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, details/other KYC details; Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, • Form to update specimen signature; Telangana, India – 500 032, along with the duly filled in Form and requisite supporting documents, • Form for declaration to opt out available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/faqs/. of nomination; 14) The following documents will be available for • Form to issue duplicate certificate and inspection by the Members electronically from other service requests; and the date of circulation of this Notice up to the • Form to request transmission of securities conclusion of the 80th AGM. Members seeking by nominee or legal heir. to inspect such documents may send an email to @wipro.com. Members who hold shares in dematerialized form and a) Certificate from the Secretarial Auditors want to provide/change/correct the bank account relating to the Company’s Stock Options/ details should send the same to their concerned Restricted Stock Units Plans under SEBI (Share Depository Participant and not to the Company. Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Members are also requested to give the MICR Code Regulations, 2021. of their bank to their Depository Participant. The Company will not entertain any direct request from b) Register of Directors and Key Managerial such Members for change of address, transposition 26—of names, deletion of name of deceased joint Personnel and their shareholding, and the 2025 Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which holder and change in the bank account details. the Directors are interested, maintained under While making payment of dividend, the Registrar REPORT the Companies Act, 2013. and Share Transfer Agent is obliged to use only the data provided by the Depositories, in case of such c) All such documents referred to in this Notice dematerialized shares. ANNUAL and the Explanatory Statement. 17) Members holding shares in single name and physical 15) Members holding shares in physical form are form are advised to make nomination in respect of advised to submit particulars of their bank account, their shareholding in the Company. The Nomination INTEGRATED viz. name and address of the bank branch, MICR Form , prescribed by the Government can code, type of account and account number to the be obtained from the Registrar and Share Transfer WIPRO Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, Agent or the Corporate Secretarial Department of 05 the Company at its registered office. If a Member desires services such as post or track a query, upload tax to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a exemption forms, view the demat request, check the fresh nomination, the Member may submit the same in dividend status, download the required ISR forms and Form or , as the case may be. check KYC status for physical folios, among others. 18) Members may please note that the Listing Regulations 21) Indian Shareholders are requested to mandate that transfer, transmission and transposition of inform about the following immediately to the Company securities of listed companies held in physical form shall or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent or the be effected only in dematerialized form. Further, pursuant concerned Depository Participant, as the case may be: to the relevant SEBI circulars, the listed companies are a) the change in the residential status on return to required to issue securities in dematerialized form only India for permanent settlement, while processing service requests, viz., issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense b) the particulars of the External account account; renewal/exchange of securities certificate; with a bank in India, if not furnished earlier. endorsement; /splitting of securities 22) Members who wish to claim dividends, which remain certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/folios; unclaimed, are requested to either correspond with the transmission and transposition. Corporate Secretarial Department at the Company’s With effect from April 2, 2026, SEBI has dispensed with registered office or the Company’s Registrar and the requirement of issuance of a Letter of Confirmation Share Transfer Agent before the due dates. The by the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agent details of such unclaimed dividends are available on while processing service request. Accordingly, securities the Company’s website at www.wipro.com. Members will be credited directly to the Member’s demat account are requested to note that the dividends remaining upon submission of valid demat account details along unclaimed for a continuous period of seven years from with the latest Client Master List. the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account shall be transferred to the Investor Education Members are requested to make service requests for and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). In addition, all shares in such matters by submitting a duly filled and signed Form respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed , along with requisite supporting documents to for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred KFintech as per the requirement. by the Company to demat account of the IEPF Authority 19) Dispute Resolution Mechanism at Stock Exchanges: within a period of thirty days of such shares becoming SEBI, vide its master circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_ due to be transferred to the IEPF. /P/CIR/2023/195 updated as on December 28, 23) In the event of transfer of shares and the unclaimed 2023, provided an option for arbitration as a Dispute dividends to IEPF, Members are entitled to claim the Resolution Mechanism for investors. As per this Circular, same from the IEPF authority by submitting an online investors can opt for arbitration with Stock Exchanges application in the prescribed Form available at in case of any dispute against the Company or its http://www.iepf.gov.in/ and sending a physical copy of Registrar and Share Transfer Agent on delay or default in the same duly signed to the Company along with the processing any investor services related requests. requisite documents enumerated in Form . 20) Members are requested to note that our Registrar and 24) Pursuant to Rule 5(8) of the Investor Education and Share Transfer Agent, KFintech has a mobile application Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer named ‘KPRISM’ and a website https://kprism.kfintech. and Refund) Rules, 2016, the Company has uploaded com/. Members can download this android/iOS mobile details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts lying with the application from play/app store and view their portfolio Company as on July 16, 2025 (date of last AGM) on its services by KFintech. In addition, Members may also visit website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ and also on the Investor Service Center webpage https://ris.kfintech. the website of the MCA. com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx and access various 06 NOTICE 25) In case of any queries regarding the Annual Report to retire by rotation at this AGM and being eligible, has or for requesting hard copy of the Annual Report, the offered himself for . Members may write to @wipro.com. Keeping in view Mr. Azim H. Premji’s rich and varied 26) As the 80th AGM is being held through VC, the route experience in the industry, his involvement in the map is not annexed to this Notice. operations of the Company over a long period of time, and his pioneering role in guiding the Company through EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO five decades of diversification and growth to emerge as a world leader in the software industry, the Board of SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 Directors is of the opinion that it would be in the interest The following statement sets out all material facts of the Company to him as a , relating to certain ordinary business mentioned in the Director of the Company. accompanying Notice of AGM: Additional information in respect of Mr. Azim H. Premji, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations Item No. 3— of Mr. Azim H. and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ( ), Premji (DIN: 00234280) is given as part of Annexure A to this Notice. Brief profile of Mr. Azim H. Premji is given as part of Annexure B to Pursuant to Section 152 and other applicable provisions this Notice. of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company’s Articles of Except Mr. Azim H. Premji and Mr. Rishad A. Premji or Association and the terms of appointment of the Chairman their relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial as approved by the Shareholders, not less than two- Personnel of the Company and their relatives are thirds of the total number of Directors of the Company concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the shall be liable to retire by rotation. of these resolution set out at Item No. 3. Directors must retire from office at each AGM, but each retiring Director is eligible for at such meeting. Based on performance evaluation and the recommendation Independent Directors and the Executive Chairman are of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the not subject to retirement by rotation. Board of Directors recommend the resolution in relation In July 2025, Mr. Srinivas Pallia was subject to retirement to the of Mr. Azim H. Premji as set out by rotation and was by Members at the in Item No. 3, for approval of the Members by way of an 79th AGM. Accordingly, Mr. Azim H. Premji is now required Ordinary Resolution. - 26 2025 REPORT ANNUAL INTEGRATED WIPRO 07 Details of Director seeking at the 80th Annual General Meeting to be held on July 15, 2026 (Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard–2 on General Meetings) Name of the Director Mr. Azim H. Premji Director Identification Number 00234280 Date of Birth July 24, 1945 Age 80 years Date of Appointment September 1, 1968 Relationship with Directors and Key Managerial Personnel Father of Mr. Rishad A. Premji Expertise in specific functional area* Wide managerial experience, strategic leadership and business management Qualification(s) Graduate Degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University Terms and conditions of appointment Mr. Azim H. Premji is appointed as , Director for a period of 5 years from July 31, 2024 to July 30, 2029, liable to retire by rotation. Remuneration last drawn as Director (including sitting fees) Refer Note 2 Number of meetings of the Board attended during the Refer Note 2 financial year 2025-26 Board Membership in other Indian listed companies as on None March 31, 2026 Memberships/Chairmanships of Committees in other Indian None listed companies as on March 31, 2026 Number of shares held in the Company as on March 31, 2026 Equity Shares: 7,616,840,898 #& American Depositary Shares (ADS): NIL Listed companies from which the Director has resigned in the None past three years Directorships held in other companies Mr. Azim H. Premji holds esteemed Directorship positions across the following organizations: 1. Wipro Enterprises Private Limited 2. Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited 3. Azim Premji Custodial and Management Services Private Limited 4. Azim Premji Foundation for Development 5. Azim Premji Trustee Company Private Limited 6. Azim Premji Trust Services Private Limited 7. Azim Premji Safe Deposit Company Private Limited 8. Wipro GE Healthcare Private Limited and 9. Azim Premji Foundation Memberships/Chairmanships of committees of other Chairman of Board Governance & Nomination Committee at Wipro companies Enterprises Private Limited * For additional details on skills, expertise, knowledge and competencies of the Director, please refer Corporate Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report. # Includes shares held by Mr. Azim H. Premji and members of his immediate family. & Out of 7,616,840,898 equity shares held in the Company, Mr. Azim H. Premji disclaims the beneficial ownership of 680,385,966 equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust and 27,724,830 equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited. Notes: 1. The Directorships, Committee Memberships and Chairmanships do not include positions in foreign companies and as an advisory board member. 2. Information pertaining to remuneration, terms and conditions of appointment and the number of Board Meetings attended during the financial year 2025-26, wherever applicable, have been provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report. 08 NOTICE Brief profile of Director seeking at the 80th Annual General Meeting to be held on July 15, 2026 Azim H. Premji is the , Wipro and the Foundation teams. BusinessWeek listed Director of the Company (the “Founder Chairman”) since him amongst the top 30 entrepreneurs in world history. July 31, 2019. Mr. Premji was the Chairman of the Company Financial Times, Time, Fortune and Forbes have all until July 30, 2019, and had been at its helm since the named him as one of the most influential people in the late 1960s, turning what was then a small cooking fat world, citing his leadership in business and philanthropy, company into a U.S.$ 10.5 billion revenue group with including the contributions to improving public education. businesses in IT, Consulting and Business Process The Journal of Foreign Policy listed him amongst the top Services with a presence in 65 countries. Mr. Premji also global thinkers. Economic Times bestowed Mr. Premji with serves as Chairman of Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and the Lifetime Achievement Award. He is the first Indian as a Director of Wipro GE Healthcare Private Limited and recipient of the Faraday Medal and has been conferred in other entities of the promoter group. Mr. Premji has honorary doctorates by the Michigan State University and established the Azim Premji Foundation and its related Wesleyan University (in the US), and the Indian Institutes entities, which do extensive philanthropic work in India. of Technology at Bombay, Roorkee and Kharagpur, The work spans from the Foundation’s direct work in 14 amongst others. The Republic of France bestowed upon states in improving public education and health, childcare, him the highest French civilian distinction, the Chevalier and livelihoods, as also in all other states of the country de la Legion d’Honneur (Knight of the Legion of Honor) through over 1900 partners supported by in November 2018. The Carnegie Medal of Philanthropy financial grants. The Foundation also runs the was bestowed on him in 2017. In January 2011, he was Azim Premji University which is focused on programs in bestowed with the Padma Vibhushan, the second highest education and related fields of human development. civilian award in India. Over the years, Mr. Premji has received numerous honors Mr. Premji has a graduate degree in Electrical Engineering and accolades, which he considers to be recognitions for from Stanford University. - 26 2025 REPORT ANNUAL INTEGRATED WIPRO 09 GENERAL INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS RELATING TO PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING Remote e-voting: In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ( ) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through any of the modes listed below, on the resolutions set forth in this Notice, by way of remote e-voting: Through Depositories Through Modes Of Depository e-Voting NSDL CDSL Participants Individual 1. Shareholders already registered for IDeAS facility 1. Shareholders already registered for Shareholders Shareholders may follow the below steps: Easi/Easiest facility may follow the may alternatively holding a) Visit the following URL: https://eservices. below steps: login using securities in nsdl.com. a) Visit the following URL: https:// credentials demat mode web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/ of the demat b) On the home page, click on the “Beneficial account through Owner” icon under the ‘IDeAS’ section. home/login/ or www.cdslindia. com. their Depository c) On the new screen, enter User ID and Participant Password. Post successful authentication, b) Click on the “Login” icon and opt registered click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting for “My Easi New (Token)” (only with NSDL/ services. applicable when using the URL: CDSL for the www.cdslindia.com). e-voting facility. d) Click on Company name or e-voting service provider name, i.e., KFintech and you will be c) On the new screen, enter User ID On clicking the to KFintech website for casting and Password. Without any further e-voting icon, your vote. authentication, the e-voting page shareholders will will be made available. be 2. Shareholders who have not registered for IDeAS d) Click on Company name or to the NSDL/ facility may follow the below steps: e-voting service provider name, CDSL site, as a) To register for this facility, visit the URL: i.e., KFintech to cast your vote. applicable, https://eservices.nsdl.com. on successful 2. Shareholders who have not registered b) On the home page, select authentication. for Easi/Easiest facility may follow the “Register Online for IDeAS”. below steps: c) On completion of the registration formality, Shareholders a) To register for this facility, visit the may then click follow the steps provided above. URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/ on Company 3. Shareholders may alternatively vote through the myeasitoken/Home/Login. name or e-voting e-voting website of NSDL in the manner specified b) On completion of the registration service provider below: formality, follow the steps provided name, i.e., a) Visit the ://www.evoting.nsdl.com/. above. KFintech and will b) Click on the “Login” icon available under 3. Shareholders may alternatively vote be redirected to the ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. through the e-voting website of CDSL in KFintech website the manner specified below: for casting their c) Enter User ID (i.e., 16-digit demat account vote. number held with NSDL), Password/OTP, as a) Visit the URL: www.cdslindia.com. applicable, and the verification code shown b) Click at icon e-voting -Enter BOID on the screen. (demat account number) and PAN. d) Post successful authentication, you will c) Enter OTP received on mobile be redirected to the NSDL Depository site number & email registered with the wherein you can see the e-voting page. demat account for authentication. d) Postsuccessful authentication, the Shareholder will receive links for the respective e-voting service provider, i.e., KFintech where the e-voting is in progress. 10 NOTICE Through Depositories Through Modes Of Depository e-Voting NSDL CDSL Participants e) Click on Company name or e-Voting service 4. For any technical assistance, provider name, i.e., KFintech and you will be Shareholders may contact CDSL redirected to KFintech website for casting helpdesk by sending a request at your vote. Shareholders can also download helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911. scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 4. For any technical assistance, Shareholders may contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 1800-10-20990. - 26 2025 REPORT ANNUAL INTEGRATED WIPRO 11 Mode of e-Voting Through KFintech 1. In case a Shareholder receives an email from KFintech [for Shareholders whose email IDs are registered with Shareholders the Company/Depository Participant], please follow the below instructions: holding securities a) Visit the following URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com/. in demat mode b) Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be EVEN and Shareholders (E-Voting Event Number) followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID and holding securities Client ID. However, if you are already registered with KFin for e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and in physical mode password for casting your vote. c) After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”. d) You will now reach password change menu, wherein you are required to mandatorily change your password. The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special character (@, #, $, etc.). The system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact details like mobile number, email ID etc., on your first login. It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential. e) You need to login again with the new credentials. f) On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the “EVENT” and click on ‘Wipro Limited’. 2. Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail address are requested to register the same in respect of shares held in electronic form with the Depository through their Depository Participant and in respect of shares held in physical form by writing to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Limited at Selenium Building, , Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India—500 032 along with the duly filled in form . 3. For obtaining the User ID and Password for e-voting, Shareholders may refer the instructions below: a) If the mobile number of the Shareholder is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, the Shareholder may send SMS: MYEPWD E-Voting Event Number+ Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to Example for NSDL—MYEPWD IN12345612345678 Example for CDSL—MYEPWD 1402345612345678 Example for Physical—MYEPWD XXXX1234567890 b) If e-mail address or mobile number of the Shareholder is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, then on the home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/, the Shareholder may click “Forgot Password” and enter Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate a password. c) Shareholder may call KFintech toll free number 1800-3094-001 for any assistance. d) Shareholder may send an e-mail request to einward.ris@kfintech.com. However, KFintech shall endeavour to send User ID and Password to those new Shareholders whose e-mail IDs are available. 12 NOTICE GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS ON REMOTE E-VOTING 1. Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use “Forgot User ID”/“Forgot Password” options available on the websites of Depositories/Depository Participants. 2. The remote e-voting period commences at 9 AM IST on Saturday, July 11, 2026 and ends at 5 PM IST on Tuesday, July 14, 2026. During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the date of Wednesday, July 8, 2026, may cast their votes electronically as per the process detailed in this Notice. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. A person who is not a Member as on the date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 3. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their share of the equity share capital of the Company as on the date i.e., Wednesday, July 8, 2026. 4. On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the date of Wednesday, July 8, 2026, under “FOR/AGAINST” for each item of the Notice separately or alternatively, you may partially enter any number “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed your total shareholding as on the date. If the Member does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST”, it will be treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head. 5. Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each folio/ demat account. 6. You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have voted on the resolution(s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During the voting period, Members can login any number of times till they have voted on all the resolution(s). 7. In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by electronic means through KFintech, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and e-voting user manual available at the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com or may contact KFintech for any further clarifications. 8. The Scrutinizer will submit their report to the Chairman or any authorized signatory of the Company after the completion of scrutiny, and the results of the voting will be announced on or before Friday, July 17, 2026 and will also be displayed on the website of the Company (www.wipro.com), besides being communicated to the Stock Exchanges and Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. INSTRUCTIONS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC - 26 1. Members may access the platform to attend the AGM through VC at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / 2025 by providing their DP ID- Client ID/Folio No., as applicable, as the credentials. 2. The facility for joining the AGM shall open 30 minutes before the scheduled time for commencement of the AGM REPORT and shall be closed after the expiry of 30 minutes after such scheduled time. ANNUAL 3. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting using Google Chrome (preferred browser), Safari or Microsoft Edge. 4. Members are advised to use stable or LAN connection to participate at the AGM through VC in a smooth manner. Participants may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective networks. INTEGRATED 5. Members who may want to express their views or ask questions at the AGM may visit https://www.wipro.com/ investors/ / to register, by mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email ID and mobile number. The window for speaker registration shall remain open until 5 PM IST on Friday, July 10, 2026. The WIPRO Company will subsequently communicate the link for participation at the AGM to all such registered Members.