TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES 4 2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS 5 3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE 8 4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 10 5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT 19 6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK 19 7. INTENTION OF THE PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO PARTICIPATE IN BUYBACK 22 8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK 27 9. NECESSITY OF THE BUYBACK 27 10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY 27 11. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE 29 12. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK 30 13. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN 30 14. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN 31 15. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY 34 16. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 43 17. STOCK MARKET DATA 45 18. DETAILS OF THE STATUTORY APPROVALS 46 19. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRES 47 20. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK 48 21. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER OFFER AND SETTLEMENT 53 22. NOTE ON TAXATION 60 23. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 69 24. AUDITORS CERTIFICATE 70 25. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 73 26. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER 73 27. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS 73 28. DETAILS OF INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE 74 29. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK 74 30. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS REGARDING AUTHENTICITY OF THE INFORMATION IN THIS LETTER OF OFFER 75 31. OFFER FORM 75 2 Summary of the Buyback Process for Eligible Shareholders Receipt of Tender form • The Letter of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback as well as the detailed disclosures as specified in the Buyback Regulations, will be sent through electronic means to all the Eligible Shareholders who have registered their email IDs with the Depositories (as defined below)/ the Company. Further, if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholders who have not registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company for a physical copy of the Letter of Offer/ Tender Form, the same shall be provided by speed post/ courier. • If the Eligible Shareholder does not receive the Tender Form for any reason, then the same can be downloaded from the link https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / . • The Eligible Shareholder may also approach and request KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrar to the Buyback for a duplicate Tender Form. The contact details of the Registrar are on page 47 of this Letter of Offer. Tendering Period • Eligible Shareholders can tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback only during the Tendering Period, which commences on Thursday, June 11, 2026 and ends on Wednesday, June 17, 2026. Tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback • Eligible Shareholders can only participate in the Buyback by placing a bid through a Stock Broker registered either with the BSE or the NSE . • Eligible Shareholders are required to instruct their respective Stock Broker of the details of the Equity Shares intended to be tendered under the Buyback. • Please note instructions can be provided through delivery instruction slip/ phone/ online depending on the facility provided by your Stock Broker. We urge you to contact your Stock Broker in advance to understand the requirements of placing a bid. • In accordance with applicable law, a lien shall be marked by the Stock Broker in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder for the shares tendered in Tender Offer. Details of such lien marked shares in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the Depositories to the Clearing Corporation (as defined below). Confirmation by Stock Broker • Upon placing the bid, the Stock Broker will provide the TRS (as defined below) generated by the stock exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder. • On receipt of TRS , the Eligible Shareholder has successfully tendered Equity Shares in the Buyback . • Please note that an Eligible Shareholder participating through online website platform of the Stock Broker may receive an acknowledgement in place of a TRS. Submission of Tender Form • In addition to placing the bid through the Stock Broker, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should submit the duly filled in and signed Tender Form, TRS and requisite documents to the Registrar to the Buyback before 5:00 PM IST on Wednesday, June 17, 2026. • Eligible Shareholders tendering dematerialised Equity Shares under the Buyback are not required to submit the Tender Form and the TRS to the Registrar . • shareholders (except FPIs) are required to submit the tender form, forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with documents as specified in paragraph 21.18.8 on page 56 to avail DTAA benefit for lower rate for withholding tax to be determined by Company. In absence of receipt of documents, the Company will deduct the tax for shareholders at maximum marginal tax rate. 3 Receipt of Buyback consideration and return of unaccepted shares • The Acceptance (as defined below) of Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder in the Buyback is subject to the provisions of the Buyback Regulations and the terms and conditions contained in this Letter of Offer. • Eligible Shareholders must ensure that their demat account(s) is active and unblocked for receipt of unaccepted shares and that their bank account is linked with their demat account for credit of remittance on Acceptance of Equity Shares under the Buyback. • Post completion of the Buyback, the Company will inform the Eligible Shareholders of payment of Buyback consideration and return of unaccepted shares through the Public Announcement. • As per the provisions of the Buyback Regulations, the Company will pay gross amount i.e. number of Equity Shares Accepted multiplied by the Buyback Price ( ₹ 250/- per Equity Share) for the Accepted Equity Shares to the Clearing Corporation of the Stock Exchanges. • Eligible Shareholder(s) whose Equity Shares have been Accepted under the Buyback will directly receive the consideration from the Clearing Corporation/ Stock Broker. • Eligible Shareholder(s) should consult their respective Stock Broker for any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage, securities transaction tax and stamp duty) etc., that may be levied by the Stock Broker for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback. Such additional costs, charges and expenses (including brokerage, securities transaction tax and stamp duty) are to be borne solely by the Eligible Shareholder and the Company will not be responsible to bear or pay the same. Please refer to section 2 on page 5 for defined terms and section 21 on page 53 of this Letter of Offer for detailed procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback Offer The above is not an exhaustive description of the buyback process or of the terms and conditions thereof and is only intended to assist the Eligible Shareholders by serving as a high level summary. The above is not intended to be and cannot be a substitute for the detailed terms and conditions contained in this Letter of Offer. All shareholders of the Company are requested to read the entire Letter of Offer and Notice to Holders of Wipro Limited American Depository Shares for an understanding of the Buyback process (including the taxation provisions as also provisions relating to shareholders) and terms and conditions of the Buyback. Please consult your respective legal/ tax/ other advisors prior to participation in the Buyback. If you require any clarifications about actions to be taken, you should consult your Stock Broker or your investment consultant or the Manager to the Buyback i.e. JM Financial Limited or the Registrar to the Buyback i.e. KFin Technologies Limited. 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES Activity Date Day Date of the Board Meeting to approve the proposal for Buyback of Equity Shares April 16, 2026 Thursday Date of declaration of results of the postal ballot through remote e-voting for special resolution by the Equity Shareholders, approving the Buyback May 21, 2026 Thursday Date of publication of Public Announcement for the Buyback May 25, 2026 Monday 4 Activity Date Day Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement and the names of Eligible Shareholders June 5, 2026 Friday Last date for dispatch of Letter of Offer June 9, 2026 Tuesday Buyback Opening Date June 11, 2026 Thursday Buyback Closing Date June 17, 2026 Wednesday Last date for the receipt of completed Tender Forms and other specified documents including physical share certificates (as applicable) by the Registrar to the Buyback June 17, 2026 Wednesday Last date of verification by the Registrar to the Buyback June 19, 2026 Friday Last date for providing Acceptance/ of tendered Equity Shares to the Stock Exchanges by the Registrar to the Buyback June 23, 2026 Tuesday Last date for settlement of bids on the Stock Exchanges June 24, 2026 Wednesday Last date for return of unaccepted Equity Shares by Stock Exchanges to Eligible Shareholders/Stock Brokers June 24, 2026 Wednesday Last date for payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders who participated in the Buyback June 24, 2026 Wednesday Last date for extinguishment of Equity Shares July 6, 2026 Monday Note: Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the respective last dates. 2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates, implies or specifies otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act, regulations, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, regulations, rules, guidelines or policies as amended, supplemented, or from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision. “Acceptance/Accept/ Accepted” Acceptance of fully Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback. “Additional Equity Shares” Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder over and above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder not exceeding the Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date. “ADRs” American Depositary Receipts. “ADSs” American Depositary Shares. “Articles” Articles of Association of the Company. “Board”/ “Board of Directors” Board of Directors of the Company (which term shall include any committee constituted and authorised by the Board pursuant to its resolution dated April 16, 2026 to exercise its powers, in connection with the Buyback). “Board Meeting” Meeting of the Board of Directors held on April 16, 2026. “BSE” BSE Limited. “Buyback/Offer” Offer by the Company to buyback up to a maximum of 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully Equity Shares at the Buyback Price from Eligible Shareholders, through the Tender Offer route using the stock exchange mechanism in terms of the Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI Circulars, on a proportionate basis. 5 “Buyback Closing Date” Wednesday, June 17, 2026 “Buyback Committee” The Buyback Committee comprising Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar, Independent Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations, constituted and authorised for the purposes of the Buyback by the resolution dated April 16, 2026 of the Board of Directors. “Buyback Entitlement” The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is entitled to tender in the Buyback, based on the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder, on the Record Date and the ratio of Buyback applicable to the category, to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs. “Buyback Opening Date” Thursday, June 11, 2026 “Buyback Period” The period between the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot through remote e-voting to authorize the Buyback i.e. May 21, 2026 and the date on which the payment of consideration to the shareholders, whose Equity Shares have been Accepted under the Buyback, will be made, i.e. on or before Wednesday, June 24, 2026. “Buyback Price” Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Eligible Shareholders i.e. ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per fully paid up Equity Share, payable in cash. “Buyback Regulations” The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( of Securities) Regulations, 2018 including any statutory modifications or thereof. “Buyback Size” Maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back (i.e. 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares) multiplied by the Buyback Price (i.e. ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share) payable in cash for an aggregate consideration of ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only). “CDSL” Central Depository Services (India) Limited. “Clearing Corporation” Indian Clearing Corporation Limited or the NSE Clearing Limited (formerly known as National Securities Clearing Corporation Limited), as applicable. “Companies Act” The Companies Act, 2013 including any statutory modifications or thereof. “Company’s Broker” JM Financial Services Limited. “Company Demat Account” Demat account of the Company designated for the Buyback. “Depositories” Collectively, the CDSL and NSDL. “Designated Stock Exchange” The designated stock exchange for the Buyback, being the BSE. “DP” Depository Participant. “Eligible Shareholder(s)” Equity Shareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback as on the Record Date “Equity Shares” Fully equity shares of face value of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) each of the Company. 6 “Equity Shareholder(s)” Holder(s) of the fully Equity Shares including beneficial owner(s) thereof. “Escrow Account” The Escrow Account titled “WIPRO – BUYBACK 2026 – ESCROW ACCOUNT” bearing account number 45505447178 opened with the Escrow Agent, in accordance with the Escrow Agreement. “Escrow Agent” Standard Chartered Bank “Escrow Agreement” The escrow agreement dated May 22, 2026 entered into amongst the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Manager. “FII(s)” Foreign Institutional Investor(s). “FPI(s)” Foreign Portfolio Investor(s). “HUF” Hindu Undivided Family. “Income Tax Act” Indian Act, 2025, as amended. “Letter of Offer” This letter of offer dated June 9, 2026, filed with SEBI in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. “LODR Regulations” SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. “Management Rules” The Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014. “Manager to the Buyback/Manager” JM Financial Limited. “ Shareholders” Includes NRIs, FPIs, FIIs, OCB and foreign nationals. “NRI” Non Resident Indian. “NSDL” National Securities Depository Limited. “NSE” National Stock Exchange of India Limited. “NYSE” New York Stock Exchange. “OCB” Erstwhile Overseas Corporate Bodies. “PAN” Permanent Account Number. “Postal Ballot Notice” Notice of postal ballot dated April 16, 2026 for obtaining approval for the Buyback from the shareholders of the Company. “Promoter and Promoter Group” Promoter and promoter group as have been disclosed under the filings made by the Company under the LODR Regulations, and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended. “Public Announcement” Public announcement dated May 22, 2026 regarding the Buyback, published in accordance with Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback Regulations on May 25, 2026 in Financial Express, an English national daily, Jansatta, a Hindi national daily, and Vishwavani, a Regional language daily. “RBI” Reserve Bank of India. “Record Date” Friday, June 5, 2026, being the date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and the names of the Eligible Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer and Tender Form will be sent electronically, and who are eligible to participate in the proposed Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. 7 “Registrar” KFin Technologies Limited, registrar to the Buyback. “SCD Rules” The Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. “SEBI” The Securities and Exchange Board of India. “SEBI Circulars” SEBI circular bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016 and SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/ /CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, and circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/ /P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 as may be amended from time to time. “Small Shareholder” An Eligible Shareholder, who holds Equity Shares of market value not more than ₹ 2,00,000 (Rupees Two Lakh only), on the basis of closing price on the recognised stock exchange registering the highest trading volume, as on the Record Date. “Stock Broker(s)” A stock broker (who is a member of the BSE and/or NSE) of an Eligible Shareholder, through whom such Eligible Shareholder can participate in the Buyback. “Stock Exchanges” BSE and NSE, being the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed. “Tender Form/ Form(s)” Form of Acceptance–cum–Acknowledgement, enclosed with this Letter of Offer on page 75. “Tender Offer” Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 4(iv) of the Buyback Regulations. “Tendering Period” Period of 5 (Five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date till the Buyback Closing Date (both days inclusive). “TRS” Transaction Registration Slip. “Working Day” Working Day as defined under the Buyback Regulations. 3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE As required, a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted to SEBI. It is to be distinctly understood that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should not, in any way, be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of the Company to meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in this Letter of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback has, by certificate issued to SEBI dated June 9, 2026, certified that the Buyback is in compliance with the Buyback Regulations and this Letter of Offer contains the disclosures as required under the Buyback Regulations. It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in this Letter of Offer, the Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure that the Company discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose. Pursuant to this requirement, the Manager to the Buyback, JM Financial Limited, has furnished to SEBI a due diligence certificate dated June 9, 2026 in accordance with Buyback Regulations, which reads as follows: “We have examined various documents and materials relevant to the Buyback as part of the due diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization of the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer dated June 9, 2026. On the basis of such examination and the discussions with the Company, we hereby state that: • The Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the documents, materials and papers relevant to the Buyback; 8 • All the legal requirements connected with the said offer including the SEBI ( of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended, have been duly complied with. • The disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best of our knowledge, true, fair and adequate in all material respects for the shareholders of the Company to make a decision in respect of the Buyback. • Funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act.” The filing of this Letter of Offer with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any liabilities under the provisions of the Companies Act, or from the requirement of obtaining such statutory or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback. The Promoter and Promoter Group/Board of Directors declare and confirm that no information/material likely to have a bearing on the decision of Eligible Shareholders has been suppressed/withheld and/ or incorporated in the manner that would amount to / misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that any information/ material has been suppressed/withheld and/ or amounts to a / misrepresentation, the Promoter and Promoter Group/Board of Directors and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations. The Promoter and Promoter Group/ Board of Directors also declare and confirm that funds borrowed from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the Buyback. Special Notice to Security Holder of the Company in the United States of America The Buyback is being made for securities of an Indian company and is subject to the laws of India. It is important for U.S. securities holders to be aware that the Buyback is subject to the tender offer laws and regulations in India that are different from those in the U.S. and documents related to the Buyback will be prepared in accordance with Indian format and style, which differs from customary U.S. format and style. Certain of the U.S. federal securities laws apply to the Buyback as there are U.S. holders of Equity Shares and ADSs. The Buyback is being treated in the U.S. as one to which the “Tier I” exemption mentioned in Rule 13e-4(h)(8) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is applicable. Disclaimer for Persons in Other Foreign Countries Other than the United States This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation would subject the Company or the Manager to the offer to make any new or additional requirements or registration. This Letter of Offer and the Public Announcement, in connection with this Buyback, were prepared for the purposes of compliance with applicable Indian laws and regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager to the Buyback are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date of this Letter of Offer. This Letter of Offer does not and will not in any way constitute an offer in any form, or an invitation in any form to subscribe/ purchase/ sell, any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction, or as a solicitation or an invitation in any form to subscribe/ purchase/ sell any securities including the Equity Shares of the Company. No action has been or will be taken to permit the Buyback in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Letter of Offer has been dispatched electronically to all shareholders whose names appeared on the records of the depository, as of the Record Date. However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Eligible Shareholder in a jurisdiction in which it would be illegal to make this offer, or where making this offer would require any action to be taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of this Letter of Offer under any local securities laws), shall not be treated by such Eligible Shareholder as an offer being made to them and shall be construed by them as being sent for information purposes only. 9 Persons in possession of this Letter of Offer are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions in their respective jurisdictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorised under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback. Statements This Letter of Offer contains certain statements. These statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “pursue”, “will”, or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe the Buyback process, the Company’s ability to complete the Buyback, including with respect to its compliance with the Buyback Regulations, tax treatment and consequences related to the Buyback, the Company’s strategies, objectives, plans or goals expectations regarding stock price, the ability to participate in the Buyback and expectations regarding repurchases are also statements. All statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant statement. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by statements due to risks or uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding fluctuations in our earnings, revenue and profits, our ability to generate and manage growth, complete proposed corporate actions, intense competition in IT services, our ability to maintain our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost overruns on , frame contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to manage our international operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication networks, our ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for damages on our service contracts, the success of the companies in which we make strategic investments, withdrawal of fiscal governmental incentives, political instability, war, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, unauthorised use of our intellectual property and general economic conditions affecting our business and industry. Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been subject to adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. 4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Buyback through Tender Offer has been authorized and approved by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting. The extracts of the Board resolution are as follows: RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Article 8.2 of the Articles of Association of Wipro Limited (the “ Company ”) and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 108 and 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies Act ”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “ Buyback Regulations ”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ Listing Regulations ”) (including any amendments, statutory modifications or of the Companies Act or the rules made thereunder or the Buyback Regulations, or the Listing Regulations), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions, and exemptions as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions, amendments, and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the appropriate authorities while 10 granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution) and subject to the approval by the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution through a postal ballot, the Board hereby approves the buyback by the Company of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully equity shares of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) each of the Company ( “Equity Share” ), being 5.72% of the total equity share capital of the Company at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share ( “Buyback Price” ), for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) (hereinafter referred to as the ( “Buyback Size” ), which represents 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the Company’s fully Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended as on March 31, 2026, respectively, on a proportionate basis through the “ tender offer ” route as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, to all the shareholders of the Company who hold Equity Shares as on a record date to be subsequently decided by the Board (the “ Record Date ”) (hereinafter referred to as the “ Buyback ”) and the Buyback Size does not include transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), advisors/legal fees, intermediary fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Monday, April 20, 2026 is hereby fixed by the Board as the record date only for the limited purpose of determination of the holders of the Company’s American Depositary Receipts evidencing ADS, each representing one equity share of the Company, entitled to notice of and to vote pursuant to the voting instruction card prepared in accordance with the Postal Ballot Notice to approve the Buyback Program. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Buyback period shall commence from the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot for special resolution approving the Buyback and the date on which the payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the Buyback is made (the “ Buyback Period ”). RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all of the shareholders of the Company will be eligible to participate in the Buyback including: (i) promoters and promoter group of the Company (including members thereof) and their associates who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date, persons in control (including such persons acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as of the Record Date; and (ii) holders of American Depositary Receipts of the Company (“ ADRs ”) evidencing American Depositary Shares (“ ADSs ”) representing Equity Shares of the Company who cancel any of their ADSs and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares prior to the Record Date such that they become shareholders of the Company and hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board/ Buyback Committee (as defined below) may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the Company may Buyback Equity Shares from the existing shareholders as on Record Date, on a proportionate basis, provided that 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as defined in the Buyback Regulations (“ Small Shareholders ”), whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders and in case the Equity Shares tendered are less than the reservation, the same shall be adjusted in the general category, in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares will be eligible to participate in the Buyback who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date (“ Eligible Shareholders ”) except any shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by appropriate authorities. 11 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/ /CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI Circular CFD/ /P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, including any amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force or such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, and the Company shall approach BSE Ltd (“BSE”) and/or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for facilitating the same. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the Eligible shareholders who are residents outside India including Foreign Corporate Bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), Foreign Institutional Investors/Foreign Portfolio Investors, Indians, shareholders of foreign nationality and holders of ADRs, shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI ”) under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken by such shareholders. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended to be met out of the Company’s current balances in free reserves (and not from any borrowed funds) and on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time at its absolute discretion. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the Buyback Regulations, in the event of of the obligations under the Buyback Regulations by the Company, the escrow account in full or in part shall be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the who accepted the offer and balance if any shall be utilised for investor protection in accordance with Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Company Secretary, be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback and that M/s. KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent of the Company ( “KFin” ) be and is hereby appointed as the ‘investor service center’ for ensuring compliance with the Buyback Regulations and to redress the grievances, if any, of the investors. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion: a) that immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board is convened, i.e. April 16, 2026, or following the date on which the results of the shareholders’ resolution will be declared (“ Postal Ballot Resolution ”), approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its debts; b) that as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board is convened, i.e. April 16, 2026, or the Postal Ballot Resolution that, having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet all its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board meeting, i.e. April 16, 2026, or the Postal Ballot Resolution; and 12 c) that in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account the liabilities as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956, Companies Act or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (including prospective and contingent liabilities). RESOLVED FURTHER THAT draft Auditors certificate is hereby noted and Declaration of Solvency prepared in the prescribed form and supporting affidavit and other documents, placed before the meeting be and is hereby approved and Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman, and Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, be and are hereby jointly authorised to sign the same, for and on behalf of the Board before it is filed with the Registrar of Companies and SEBI in accordance with the applicable laws. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and circulars/ guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time, approval of the Board be and is hereby accorded for conducting a postal ballot (including e-voting) to seek the approval of shareholders of the Company (“ Postal Ballot ”) for the proposed Buyback and that the draft notice for the postal ballot together with the accompanying explanatory statement annexed thereto (“ Postal Ballot Notice ”), as placed before the Board be and is hereby approved. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT M/s. V. Sreedharan & Associates, Company Secretaries, Bengaluru represented by Mr. V. Sreedharan (FCS 2347; CP 833) or Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni (FCS 7260; CP 7835), or Mrs. Shobha Shridhar (FCS F13360; CP 22649) as Partners, which has given consent to act as scrutinizer, be and is hereby appointed as the scrutinizer for the Postal Ballot (including e-voting) in accordance with the Companies Act and the Rules made thereunder. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary, be and is hereby authorised to declare the results of the Postal Ballot process and file it with all the relevant statutory authorities including the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE” and together with the BSE to be referred as “Indian Stock Exchanges”), New York Stock Exchanges, SEBI or such other authorities as may be considered necessary. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT KFin be and is hereby appointed as an agency to provide electronic voting platform in connection with the Postal Ballot process. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary be and is hereby made responsible for compliance with the entire Postal Ballot process and that he is hereby authorised to do the following: (a) sign, issue and submit the Postal Ballot Notice to the Indian Stock Exchanges and publication of an advertisement in the relevant newspapers specifying the date of completion of dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice and to do all acts, deeds and things as may be required in connection therewith; (b) take all necessary steps including sending the Postal Ballot Notice to all the shareholders of the Company and conducting the said Postal Ballot process for and on behalf of the Company; (c) prepare, sign (including digitally) and file (including electronically) necessary forms and documents with the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies, SEBI, Indian Stock Exchanges, New York Stock Exchange and such other statutory authorities as may be required; and (d) to deal with all questions or difficulties that may arise in the course of implementing the Postal Ballot. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that: a) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully ; 13 b) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or specified securities including by way of bonus till the date of expiry of the Buyback Period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares; c) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period of one year reckoned from the date of expiry of buyback period of the preceding offer of buyback; d) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the Buyback Period; e) the Company shall not buyback Equity Shares and Equity Shares till the pendency of the or till the Equity Shares become transferable; f) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback; g) there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of any deposits (including interest payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans to any financial institution or banks (including interest payable thereon); h) the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Companies Act; i) the aggregate amount of the Buyback, i.e. up to ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only), does not exceed 25% of the aggregate of the total capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company respectively as at March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; j) the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback, up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the Equity Share capital as per the latest audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; k) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned from the date of expiry of the Buyback Period; l) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of the offer of the Buyback is made; m) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash; n) there are no pendency scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the Companies Act as on date; o) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior consent of its lenders in case of a breach of any covenant with such lenders; p) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations; q) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws; 14 r) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares; s) the Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Indian Stock Exchanges; t) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/or such other sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements; u) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the promoters and members of promoter group, and their associates, other than the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges or transactions (including inter se transfer of Equity Shares) among the promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the special resolution approving the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer; v) the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines; w) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the Equity Share capital and free reserves, after the Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; and x) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment company or group of investment companies. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information and material that is likely to have a bearing on the decision of investors has been suppressed or withheld and/or incorporated in the manner that would amount to a or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that any information/material has been suppressed or withheld and/or amounts to a or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT JM Financial Limited (the “ Merchant Banker ”) be and is hereby appointed as the merchant banker for the purposes of the Buyback in accordance with the terms of the Buyback Regulations, on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Merchant Banker and the Company. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT JM Financial Services Limited (the “ Broker ”) be and is hereby appointed as the registered broker to the Company to facilitate the process of tendering of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange mechanism for the Buyback in accordance with and to undertake the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/ /CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI Circular CFD/ /P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Broker and the Company, and the Company do hereby open a broking account and depository account with the Broker for the purposes of the Buyback. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back wherein details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that the Company Secretary of the Company be and is hereby authorized to authenticate the entries made in the said register. 15 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT KFin be and is hereby appointed as the Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent for the purposes of the Buyback, on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Registrar and the Company. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas, Advocates and Solicitors, be and is hereby appointed as the Company’s Indian legal counsel to the Buyback (“ Indian Legal Counsel ”), on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Indian Legal Counsel and the Company. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., be and is hereby appointed as the Company’s international legal counsel to the Buyback (“ International Legal Counsel ”), on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the International Legal Counsel and the Company. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT approval of the Board be and is hereby accorded to issue a bank guarantee in terms of the Buyback Regulations (in the event the escrow is decided to be in the form of a bank guarantee by the Buyback Committee (as defined below) in favour of the Merchant Banker and any two of Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman, Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations, be and are hereby jointly authorised to negotiate, sign, execute, such documents, things, papers, instruments, and do such deeds, matters and things as may be necessary with respect to this resolution. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall in accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations, open an escrow account (“ Escrow Account ”) and special account (“ Special Bank Account ”) with a bank and deposit therein, such sums as required under the Buyback Regulations, and to make up the entire sums due and payable as consideration for the Buyback. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman, Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sriram Ranganathan, Senior Vice President, Global controller and Tax head, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary, Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations, and Mr. Mahadev Prakash, General Manager and Head, Corporate Secretarial be and are hereby severally authorised to finalize the terms and conditions of appointment and engagement (including settling their remuneration/payment of commission, brokerage fees and charges) of the Merchant Banker, Broker, Indian Legal Counsel, International Legal Counsel, escrow agent, KFin, Escrow Account, Special Bank Account and Stock Exchange(s) for availing its tendering mechanism, and execute, negotiate, finalize, amongst other things account opening forms, agreements (including escrow agreements) and perform/execute such acts, deeds, documents, letters and things in the name of and on behalf of the Company, in connection with the foregoing (including making deposits with the escrow agent and permitting the Merchant Banker to operate the escrow accounts opened for the purposes of the Buyback), and appoint and finalize the terms of appointment of advertising agencies, media agencies, printers, consultants or representatives or entities as may be required and deciding and settling their remuneration including payment of commission brokerage, fee and charges and entering into agreements and letters in respect thereof and open and close all necessary accounts such as broking account(s), depository account(s), escrow account(s) and bank account(s) as per applicable laws and Buyback Regulations; RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Mahadev Prakash, General Manager and Head, Corporate Secretarial be and are hereby severally authorised to approve, execute, file and issue all necessary applications, resolutions, confirmations, forms (including e-forms), intimations, disclosures, announcements, documents, declarations, undertakings, forms and reports with the appropriate authorities or any third parties as may be relevant in the context of the Buyback including the supplemental disclosures 16 to holders of ADRs/ADSs (the “ Supplemental Letter ”) and provide all necessary information and documents to, and representing the Company before, SEBI, Indian Stock Exchanges, New York Stock Exchanges, Registrar of Companies and other relevant regulatory authorities and/or third parties, including, statutory auditors, in relation to the Buyback and take all actions for obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third parties as required under applicable laws and generally to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things that may be required in connection with the Buyback or for matters incidental thereto. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman and Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO & Managing Director be and are hereby jointly authorised for and on behalf of the Company to finalise and execute the public announcement and the Letter of Offer containing such information and particulars as may be required to be issued under the Buyback Regulations and to do or cause to do such acts, deeds and things as may be considered necessary in connection with or incidental to the same. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a committee (the “ Buyback Committee ”) comprising Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar, Independent Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations, be constituted for the purposes of the Buyback to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper, in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders in connection with the Buyback, including but not limited to: a) finalizing the terms of the Buyback, the mechanism for the Buyback, the schedule of activities, the date of opening and closing of the Buyback, entitlement ratio, the timeframe for completion of the Buyback and of declaration of solvency as and when required, etc; b) deciding and announcing the Record date for the purpose of Buyback; c) seeking all regulatory approvals, if any, including from SEBI and the RBI for implementing the Buyback; d) appointing, authorizing, entering into agreements with and issuing necessary instructions to the investor service centre and escrow agent; e) opening one or more bank accounts, including an Escrow Account and Special Bank Account as required, and entering into agreements with and to give instructions to the bankers in connection therewith; f) deciding and appointing the BSE and/or NSE as designated stock exchange(s) for the Buyback; g) taking such actions or measures as may then be deemed desirable to provide each holder of ADSs with an opportunity to cancel and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares of any such ADSs prior to the Record Date to enable such holder to participate in the Buyback and such actions or measures may include, but not limited to: (i) preparing and delivering information to each such holder or representative(s) thereof to enable such holder of ADSs to determine whether to cancel and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares in light of the Buyback, including any modifications, amendments or supplements to the Supplemental Letter; (ii) informing holders of ADSs that they will need to establish a brokerage account in India to take delivery of the Equity Shares, and (iii) informing holders of ADSs that they must submit the desired ADSs to the ADR depositary for cancellation and withdraw the Equity Shares no later than 3 (three) New York business days prior to the Record Date; h) depositing and/or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into escrow and finalizing the composition/combination of such deposit into escrow in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 9 of the Buyback Regulations (including cash deposit or arranging for bank guarantee including the amounts of the cash deposit and the bank guarantee) and the escrow agreement entered into with the escrow agent; 17 i) earmarking and making arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of Buyback including arranging for bank guarantees as may be necessary for the Buyback in accordance with applicable laws; j) opening, operating and closing of all necessary accounts for this purpose, including bank accounts, trading account, depository accounts (including escrow account), special bank account, and authorizing persons to operate such accounts; k) preparing, finalizing, dating, approving, modifying, signing (in accordance with applicable law), issuing, and filing with the appropriate statutory/other authorities the public announcement, letter of offer and all other documents, resolutions, advertisements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the certificate for extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates, if any, and other documents required in connection with the Buyback upon receiving the requisite shareholder approval for the Buyback, and causing the declaration of solvency and supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable laws and such alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be deemed to have been approved by the Board of Directors; l) taking all actions to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of acceptance, pay the shareholders consideration for shares bought back, approve split of physical share certificates and transfer of shares, extinguish dematerialised shares and ensure the physical destruction of the share certificates with respect to the Equity Shares bought back by the Company; m) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the website and filing the same with the Indian Stock Exchanges as required under applicable law; n) settling and resolving any queries raised by SEBI, Indian Stock Exchanges, New York Stock Exchanges, Registrar of Companies and any other authorities whatsoever in connection with any matter incidental to and ancillary to the Buyback; o) to give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the public announcement or the letter of offer and any other advertisements, as may be required by the relevant authorities including SEBI and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; p) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the Companies Act and to furnish appropriate returns to the appropriate authorities; q) closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable laws; r) altering, modifying, amending the appointment/engagement and terms and conditions (including terms pertaining to remuneration/payment of commission, brokerage fees and charges) of all the intermediaries and other third parties appointed for the Buyback; s) doing such other acts, deeds, matters or things, and executing such documents, forms, letters, confirmations, including the execution of documents under common seal of the Company as may be required, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit and file all necessary forms, letters, applications, e-forms and other documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with or incidental to the Buyback or as they may in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper or are necessary, expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in connection with or in furtherance of the Buyback; and t) delegating all or any of the authorities conferred above to any other Director(s) or Executive(s) or Officer(s) of the Company as may be necessary to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions. 18 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any two members of the Buyback Committee mentioned above shall form the requisite quorum for all meetings of the Buyback Committee which may approve all of the above by passing appropriate resolutions (including by way of circular resolutions) in connection with the above. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a copy of the foregoing resolutions certified by any one Director or Chief Financial Officer or Company Secretary of the Company, be forwarded to concerned persons/authorities as may be required from time to time. 5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT 5.1 In accordance with Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made the Public Announcement dated May 22, 2026 for the Buyback of Equity Shares which was published on May 25, 2026 in the following newspapers: Sr. No. Name of the Newspaper Language Editions 1. Financial Express English All 2. Jansatta Hindi All 3. Vishwavani Kannada Bengaluru 5.2 The shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, through a postal ballot by remote e-voting on May 21, 2026 and the results of which were announced on May 21, 2026 . Pursuant thereto, the Public Announcement in compliance with Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback Regulations was made by the Company on May 25, 2026 within 2 (two) Working Days from the date of declaration of the results of such postal ballot. 5.3 The Company will publish dispatch advertisement, further notices or corrigenda to or relating to the Public Announcement, if any, in the abovementioned newspapers. 5.4 A copy of the Public Announcement is available on the website of the Company, i.e., https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / , the Manager to the Buyback, i.e., www.jmfl.com , the website of SEBI, i.e., www .seb i.gov.in and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com . 6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK 6.1 At the Board Meeting, the Board has subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution through a postal ballot by remote e-voting, pursuant to the provisions of Article 8.2 of the Articles and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 108 and 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, the SCD Rules, and Rule 22 of the Management Rules, to the extent applicable, and in compliance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations, LODR Regulations, as amended and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as may be required under applicable laws, approved the Buyback by the Company of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) representing up to 5.72% of the total number of Equity Shares in the Equity Share capital of the Company at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share payable in cash for an aggregate consideration of up to ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only), which is 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the fully Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended as on March 31, 2026, respectively, on a proportionate basis through the “tender offer” route as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, from all of the Eligible Shareholders. 6.2 The Buyback is more than 10% of the total Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as per its latest audited financial statements as of March 31, 2026. Accordingly, the Company sought approval of its shareholders for the Buyback, by way of special resolution through the Postal Ballot Notice dated April 16, 2026, in accordance with first proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies Act and first proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations. The shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, through a postal ballot by remote e-voting on May 21, 2026 and the results of which were announced on May 21, 2026. 19 6.3 The Buyback Size represents 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the fully Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, respectively, and is within the statutory limit of 25% of the aggregate total Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 2026, as per applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations. 6.4 The Buyback Size does not include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes, securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/legal fees, intermediary fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc. (“ Transaction Costs ”) 6.5 The Equity Shares are currently listed on the NSE and the BSE. The Company’s ADSs, as evidenced by ADRs, are traded in the U.S. on the NYSE. 6.6 The Buyback is being undertaken on a proportionate basis from all Eligible Shareholders, including: (i) the Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company (including members thereof) and their associates who hold Equity Shares or persons in control (including such persons acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date through the Tender Offer route prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the Buyback Regulations read with Regulation 9(x) of the Buyback Regulations. Additionally, the Buyback shall be, subject to applicable laws, implemented by tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders and settlement of the same through the stock exchange mechanism as specified in SEBI Circulars. In this regard, the Company will request the BSE and NSE to provide the acquisition window for facilitating tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback. For the purposes of this Buyback, the BSE will be the Designated Stock Exchange. 6.7 The maximum amount proposed to be utilised for the Buyback, does not exceed ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only), excluding the Transaction Costs and is therefore within the limit of 25% of the aggregate total Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026. 6.8 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of the (i) Promoter and Promoter Group and persons in control, and (ii) directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group as on the date of the Public Announcement, i.e., May 22, 2026, are as follows: 6.8.1 Aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who are in control as on the date of the Public Announcement, i.e., May 22, 2026: Sl. No. Name of Shareholder No. of Equity Shares % Shareholding 1. Azim H Premji 43,11,56,714 4.11 2. Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 0.05 3. Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 0.13 4. Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 0.13 5. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders 1,88,68,26,730 17.97 6. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim Traders 2,16,02,97,946 20.57 7. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders 2,20,21,33,582 20.97 8. Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited 27,11,906 0.03 9. Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited (1) 2,77,24,830 0.26 10. Azim Premji Trust (2) 68,03,85,966 6.48 11. Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 19,37,08,256 1.84 Total 7,61,68,40,898 72.53 Note: 1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited. 2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust. 20 6.8.2 Aggregate shareholding of the Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group, as on the date of the Public Announcement, i.e., May 22, 2026: Sl. No. Name No. of Equity Shares % Shareholding 1. Azim H Premji 43,11,56,714 4.11 2. Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 0.13 3. Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 0.13 4. Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 0.05 5. Tekkethalakal K Kurien 16,11,880 0.02 6. Deepak Jain 2,50,258 0.00 7. Srinivasan Pagalthivarthi 1,70,888 0.00 8. Anurag Behar 1,60,122 0.00 9. Lakshminarayana Kollengode Ramanathan 35,016 0.00 10. Ayyagari Lakshmanarao 32,410 0.00 11. Bhoopalam Chandrashekharaiah Prabhakar 20,800 0.00 Total 46,53,33,056 4.43 6.9 The Company confirms that after the completion of the Buyback, the shareholding of the Company shall not fall below the minimum level required as per Regulation 38 of the LODR Regulations. 6.10 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group, persons in control, Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group during a period of 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buyback was approved and the date of the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e., April 16, 2026: (a) Aggregate of shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who are in control: NIL (b) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Directors of companies which are part of the Promoter and Promoter Group: 1. Ayyagari Lakshmanarao Name of the Promoter Company Aggregate number of shares purchased/ sold Nature of transaction Maximum Price per Share ( ₹ ) Date of Maximum Price Minimum Price per Share ( ₹ ) Date of Minimum Price Hasham Investment and Trading Co Private Limited and Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 4,850 Sale 270.90 Jan 8, 2026 261.35 Jan 8, 2026 1,150 Sale 268.88 Dec 26, 2025 265.74 Dec 26, 2025 21 7. INTENTION OF THE PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO PARTICIPATE IN BUYBACK 7.1 In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoters and Promoter Group have the option of participating in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group entities and persons in control of the Company have expressed their intention to participate in the Buyback vide their letters dated April 16, 2026 and may tender up to an aggregate maximum number of 7,44,77,75,834 (Seven Hundred Crore Seventy Seven Lakh Seventy Five Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty Four) Equity Shares or such lower number of Equity Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations. Please see below the maximum number of Equity Shares to be tendered by each of the Promoter and Promoter Group as well as persons in control of the Company: Sl. No. Name of the Promoter and Promoter Group entity Maximum No. of Equity Shares intended to be offered 1. Azim H Premji 26,20,91,650 2. Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 3. Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 4. Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 5. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders 1,88,68,26,730 6. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim Traders 2,16,02,97,946 7. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders 2,20,21,33,582 8. Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited 27,11,906 9. Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited (1) 2,77,24,830 10. Azim Premji Trust (2) 68,03,85,966 11. Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 19,37,08,256 Total 7,44,77,75,834 Note: 1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited. 2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust. 7.2 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter and Promoter Group or any Directors of the Company except to the extent of the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the Company, and the change in their shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post Buyback. 7.3 The details of the date and price of acquisition of the Equity Shares that the Promoter and Promoter Group intend to tender are below: (i) Azim H Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction Number of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue / Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) August 24, 2005 Bonus 35,21,332 (1) 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 2,46,82,160 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 6,17,05,400 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 4,11,36,933 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 13,10,45,825 2 — — Total 26,20,91,650 Note: 1. Out of originally allotted 1,85,11,620 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus, an aggregate of 47,60,108 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on July 4, 2023 at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. Further, on January 20, 2024, an aggregate of 1,02,30,180 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were gifted to Rishad Azim Premji and Tariq Azim Premji, part of the promoter group. 22 (ii) Yasmeen A Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction Number of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue / Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) June 29, 2004 Bonus 34,402 (1) 2 — — August 24, 2005 Bonus 3,28,800 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 4,25,066 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 10,62,666 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 7,08,444 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 25,59,378 2 — — Total 51,18,756 Note: 1. Originally allotted 2,19,200 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus. An aggregate of 1,44,006 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share, of which 54,406 Equity Shares were part of this allotment. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 1,30,392 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. (iii) Rishad Azim Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction No. of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue/ Acquisition ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) August 24, 2005 Bonus 1,30,692 (1) 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 3,78,666 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 6,86,666 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 4,57,777 2 — — January 20, 2024 Gift from Mr. Azim H Premji 51,15,090 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 67,68,891 2 — — Total 1,35,37,782 Note: 1. Originally allotted 3,09,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus, out of which an aggregate of 93,052 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 84,256 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. (iv) Tariq Azim Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction No. of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue/ Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) June 29, 2004 Bonus 11,073 (1) 2 — — August 24, 2005 Bonus 79,500 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 1,06,000 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 2,65,000 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 1,76,666 2 — — September 13, 2021 Market Purchase 8,65,886 (2) 2 667.76 January 20, 2024 Gift from Mr. Azim H Premji 51,15,090 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 66,19,215 2 — — Total 1,32,38,430 Note: 1. Originally allotted 53,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus. An aggregate of 35,911 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share, of which 9,411 Equity Shares were part of this allotment. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 76,630 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share, of which 32,516 were part of this allotment. 2. Originally acquired 9,10,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each on September 13, 2021. On July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 76,630 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share, of which 44,114 were part of this allotment. 23 (v) Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction No. of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue/ Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) August 24, 2005 Bonus 6,19,49,750 (1) 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 20,37,03,616 (2) 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 37,09,56,000 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 24,73,03,999 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 88,39,13,365 2 — — June 9, 2025 Block Trade purchase from Azim Premji Trust 11,90,00,000 2 250 Cash Total 1,88,68,26,730 Note: 1. Out of the originally allotted 15,34,50,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus as of August 24, 2005, an aggregate of 5,02,69,956 Equity Shares were accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share. Further, an aggregate of 1,00,00,000 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on January 15, 2021 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 400/- per Equity Share. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 3,12,30,294 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buy back by the Company at ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. 2. Out of the originally allotted 21,75,06,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus as of June 17, 2010, an aggregate of 1,38,02,384 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on July 4, 2023, pursuant to the buy back by the Company at ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. (vi) Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim Traders Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction No. of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue/ Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) June 29, 2004 Bonus 75,44,420 (1) 2 — — August 24, 2005 Bonus 5,41,69,500 (2) 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 20,18,79,692 (3) 2 — — March 19, 2013 Block Trade purchase from Hasham Traders 72,10,711 (4) 2 440.05 Cash June 15, 2017 Bonus 45,29,06,791 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 29,69,37,859 2 — — December 4, 2024 Bonus 1,02,06,48,973 2 — — June 9, 2025 Block Trade purchase from Azim Premji Trust 5,95,00,000 2 250 Cash June 11, 2025 Block Trade purchase from Azim Premji Trust 5,95,00,000 2 258.99 Cash Total 2,16,02,97,946 Note: 1. Out of originally allotted 6,39,99,500 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus as of June 29, 2004, a. An aggregate of 1,50,00,000 Equity Shares were sold on December 20, 2017, of which 98,30,000 Equity Shares were out of this allotment b. An aggregate of 6,03,59,126 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share, of which 2,44,69,195 Equity Shares were out of this allotment c. An aggregate of 5,42,89,214 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on July 4, 2023 at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share, of which 2,21,55,885 Equity Shares were out of this allotment. 2. Out of originally allotted 16,25,08,500 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus, a. An aggregate of 1,50,00,000 Equity Shares were sold on December 20, 2017, of which 51,70,000 Equity Shares were out of this allotment. 24 b. An aggregate of 6,03,59,126 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share, of which 3,45,72,622 Equity Shares were out of this allotment. c. 75,00,000 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuan

[truncated]