.1 2 d100859dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 April 21, 2026 The Manager - Listing BSE Limited (BSE: 507685) The Manager - Listing National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE: WIPRO) The Market Operations, NYSE, New York (NYSE: WIT) Dear Sir/Madam, Sub: Postal Ballot Notice - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR, please find enclosed a copy of the Postal Ballot Notice together with the Explanatory Statement, seeking approval of the Members by way of remote e-voting process, for below Special Resolutions: a) of Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471) as an Independent Director of Wipro Limited (“the Company”) for a second term of 5 years w.e.f. July 1, 2026. b) Appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 years w.e.f. April 1, 2026, and c) Buyback of equity shares of the Company. Please note that the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to the Members whose names appear on the Register of Members/list of Beneficial Owners as on the date i.e., Friday, April 17, 2026, and whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories. The remote e-voting period commences at 9 AM IST on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, and ends at 5 PM IST on Thursday, May 21, 2026. The results of the postal ballot will be declared on or before Monday, May 25, 2026. The Postal Ballot Notice is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / Thanking you. For Wipro Limited /s/ M Sanaulla Khan M Sanaulla Khan Company Secretary ENCL: As above Wipro Limited CIN: L32102KA1945PLC020800 Regd. Office: Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru- 560 035, India. Tel.: +91-80-28440011 E-mail : @wipro.com Website: www.wipro.com Notice of Postal Ballot Dear Shareholders, Notice is hereby given pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act ”), read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or (s) thereof for the time being in force, and as amended from time to time) and in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ MCA ”) for holding general meetings/ conducting postal ballot process through e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the MCA (collectively the “ MCA Circulars ”), Securities and Exchange Board of India ( of Securities) Regulations, 2018, (“ Buyback Regulations ”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “ Listing Regulations ”), Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, as may be amended from time to time, and other applicable laws and regulations, if any, that the resolutions appended below towards: a. of Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471) as an Independent Director of Wipro Limited (the “ Company ”) for a second term of 5 years w.e.f. July 1, 2026; b. Appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 years w.e.f. April 1, 2026; and c. Buyback of equity shares of the Company. are proposed for approval of the shareholders of the Company through postal ballot by remote e-voting process (“ e-voting ”). The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and Buyback Regulations (to the extent applicable) pertaining to the aforesaid resolutions setting out the material facts and the reasons thereof is annexed hereto for your consideration. The Board of Directors of the Company (“ Board ”), at its meeting held on April 16, 2026, appointed M/s. V. Sreedharan & Associates, Company Secretaries, Bengaluru, represented by Mr. V. Sreedharan (FCS 2347; CP 833) or Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni (FCS 7260; CP 7835), or Mrs. Shobha Shridhar (FCS F13360; CP 22649), Partners of V. Sreedharan & Associates, Company Secretaries, Bengaluru as the Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot through the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. In accordance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, shareholders can vote only through the e-voting process. Accordingly, the Company is pleased to offer an e-voting facility to all its members to cast their votes electronically. Shareholders are requested to read the instructions in the Notes under the section “General information and instruction relating to e-voting” in this postal ballot notice (“ Postal Ballot Notice ”) to cast their vote electronically. Shareholders are requested to cast their vote through the e-voting process not later than 5 PM IST on Thursday May 21, 2026, to be eligible for being considered, failing which it will be strictly considered that no vote has been received from the shareholder. In accordance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, the Company has made arrangements for those shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses and are requested to register the same by following the procedure set out in the notes to this Postal Ballot Notice. The Scrutinizer will submit their report to the Chairman of the Company after completion of scrutiny of the e-voting. The results shall be declared on or before Monday, May 25, 2026 and communicated to BSE Limited (“ BSE ”), National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE ”, together with BSE, the “ Indian Stock Exchanges ”) and New York Stock Exchange (“ NYSE ”) (together with the Indian Stock Exchanges, the “ Stock Exchanges ”), National Securities Depository Limited (“ NSDL ”) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“ CDSL ”) (together the “ Depositories ”), and KFin Technologies Limited, Company’s Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent (“ KFintech ” or “ RTA ”). The results will also be displayed on the Company’s website at www.wipro.com . Resolution No. 1- of Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of 5 years w.e.f. July 1, 2026: To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a special resolution: “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act ”) read with the rules made thereunder, and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“ Listing Regulations ”) (including any statutory modification(s) or thereof for the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors for , Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471), Independent Director of the Company, whose period of office is liable to expire on June 30, 2026, and who has submitted a declaration that she meets the criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and who is eligible for for a second term of 5 years under the provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member proposing her candidature for the office of Director pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, be and is hereby as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of 5 years with effect from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031, not subject to retirement by rotation, upon such remuneration as detailed in the explanatory statement hereto and as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time within the overall limits under the Act. ” Resolution No. 2 - Appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 years w.e.f. April 1, 2026: To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a special resolution: “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act ”) read with the Rules made thereunder, and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“ Listing Regulations ”) (including any statutory modification(s) or thereof for the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, Ms. Laura Miller (DIN: 11546063), who was appointed as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director with effect from April 1, 2026 and has submitted a declaration that she meets the criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member proposing her candidature for the office of Director pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 years with effect from April 1, 2026, to March 31, 2031, not subject to retirement by rotation, upon such remuneration as detailed in the explanatory statement hereto and as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time within the overall limits under the Act. ” Resolution No. 3 - Buyback of Equity Shares of the Company: To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a special resolution: RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Article 8.2 of the Articles of Association of Wipro Limited (the “ Company ”) and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 108 and 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, (the “ Act ”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( of Securities) Regulations, 2018, (the “ Buyback Regulations ”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“ Listing Regulations ”) (including any amendments, statutory modifications or of the Act or the rules made thereunder or the Buyback Regulations, or the Listing Regulations) and subject to such other approvals, permissions consents, sanctions and exemptions as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions, amendments and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the appropriate authorities while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution), and on the terms and conditions set out in the explanatory statement (which may be modified based on regulatory requirements and in accordance with applicable law), the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the buyback by the Company of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully equity shares of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) each of the Company (“ Equity Share ”), being 5.72% of the total equity share capital of the Company at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share (“ Buyback Price ”), for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) (hereinafter referred to as the (“ Buyback Size ”), which represents 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the Company’s fully Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended as on March 31, 2026, respectively, on a proportionate basis through the “tender offer” route as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, to all the shareholders of the Company who hold Equity Shares as on a record date to be subsequently decided by the Board (the “ Record Date ”) (hereinafter referred to as the “ Buyback ”) and the Buyback Size does not include transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), advisors/legal fees, intermediary fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Buyback period shall commence from the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot for special resolution approving the Buyback and the date on which the payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the Buyback is made. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all of the shareholders of the Company will be eligible to participate in the Buyback including: (i) promoters and promoter group of the Company (including members thereof) and their associates who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date, persons in control (including such persons acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date; and (ii) holders of American Depositary Receipts (“ ADRs ”) evidencing American Depositary Shares (“ ADSs ”) representing Equity Shares of the Company who cancel any of their ADRs and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares prior to the Record Date such that they become shareholders of the Company and hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the Company may Buyback Equity Shares from the existing shareholders as on Record Date, on a proportionate basis, provided that 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as defined in the Buyback Regulations (“ Small Shareholders ”), whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders and in case the Equity Shares tendered are less than the reservation, the same shall be adjusted in the general category, in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares will be eligible to participate in the Buyback who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date (“ Eligible Shareholders ”) except any shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by appropriate authorities. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/ /CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI Circular CFD/ /P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, including any amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force or such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, and the Company shall approach BSE Ltd (“ BSE ”) and/or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE ”) for facilitating the same and subject to decision of the Board, one of BSE and NSE shall act as the designated stock exchange. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including the foreign corporate bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), Foreign Institutional Investors/ Foreign Portfolio Investors, Indians, shareholders of foreign nationality and holders of ADRs, shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken by such shareholders. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions and may delegate all or any of the power(s) conferred hereinabove as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit, to any director(s)/ officer(s)/ authorized representative(s)/ committee, including the Buyback committee of the Company, in order to give effect to the aforesaid resolution, including but not limited to: (i) finalizing the terms of the Buyback, the mechanism for the Buyback, the schedule of activities, the date of opening and closing of the Buyback, entitlement ratio, time frame for completion of Buyback, etc; (ii) deciding and announcing the Record date for the purpose of Buyback; (iii) appointment of designated stock exchange, merchant banker, brokers, lawyers, depository participants, escrow agents, bankers, advisors, registrars, scrutinizers, consultants/intermediaries/agencies, as may be required, for the implementation of the Buyback and making decision in connection with and settlement of the remuneration for such persons/ intermediaries/ agencies including by the payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges, etc.; (iv) opening, operating and closing special trading window account with the designated stock exchange and deciding the authorized signatories for special trading window account; (v) verifying offer/ acceptances received, finalizing basis of acceptance, making payment to the members of consideration for Equity Shares bought back pursuant to the Buyback; (vi) initiating and undertaking all necessary actions for preparing, approving, finalizing, signing and filing of the public announcement, letter of offer, public advertisement and all other documents with respect to the Buyback with the SEBI, BSE, NSE and other appropriate authorities and to make all necessary applications to the appropriate authorities for their approvals; (vii) initiating all necessary actions with respect to opening and closure of necessary accounts including escrow account with a bank, issuing bank guarantee, or depositing acceptable securities with appropriate margin with the merchant bankers, entering into agreement(s), releasing public announcement, filing of declaration of solvency, obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third parties as required under applicable law; (viii) initiating all necessary actions for extinguishment/ destruction of Equity Shares and if applicable, destruction of the share certificates representing the title to the Equity Shares bought back by the Company and ‘Certificate of Extinguishment’ and particulars thereof required to be filed in connection with the Buyback on behalf of the Board and ensuring all related compliances in accordance with the Act and the Buyback Regulations; and (ix) providing, finalizing, executing and filing any undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and correspondence, under the common seal of the Company, as may be required in connection with the Buyback with SEBI, RBI, BSE, NSE, Registrar of Companies, Depositories and/or other regulators, appropriate authorities or third persons as may be required, desirable or considered expedient for implementation of the Buyback from time to time. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board is hereby empowered and authorised on behalf of the Company to accept and make any alteration(s) or modification(s) to the terms and conditions as it may deem necessary, concerning any aspect of the Buyback (including increase the Buyback Price without any change in the Buyback Size in accordance with the Buyback Regulations), in accordance with the statutory requirements as well as to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise and generally, to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board and/or any person authorised by the Board may, in its/his/her absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the Buyback without seeking any further consent or approval of the shareholders or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. By Order of the Board For Wipro Limited Sd/- M Sanaulla Khan Company Secretary Date: April 16, 2026 Place: Bengaluru Notes: 1. The explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 102, 108 and 110 of the Act read with rules made thereunder, various MCA Circulars as mentioned above, setting out the material facts concerning the resolutions and the reasons thereof is annexed hereto for your consideration. It also contains all the disclosures as specified in the Buyback Regulations. 2. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to all the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as received from the Depositories as on Friday, April 17, 2026. Please note, however, that those shareholders who may not have received this Postal Ballot Notice due to of their e-mail addresses with the Company/RTA/Depositories, are also entitled to vote as per the instructions provided in this Postal Ballot Notice. 3. In line with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to those members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories (as defined below). Members may please note that the Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/ / websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of KFintech at https://evoting.kfintech.com . 4. The postal ballot will also be provided to the ADR Depositary (as defined below), who will use the same to prepare a voting instruction card to be sent to registered holders of ADRs and the mailing agent for The Depositary Trust Company (“ DTC ”), who will then mail their form of voting instruction to the beneficial holders of ADSs who hold their ADSs through a bank, broker or other nominee in DTC. 5. Members who have not registered their e-mail address are requested to register the same in respect of shares held in electronic form with the Depository (as defined below) through their Depository Participant(s) and in respect of shares held in physical form by writing to the Company’s RTA, at Selenium, Tower B, Plot No—31&32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad—500032,Telangana, India along with duly form available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/faqs/ . In accordance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, Shareholders can vote only through the remote e-voting process. Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, April 17, 2026, will be considered for the purpose of e-voting (“ date ”). 6. Resolutions passed by the shareholders through postal ballot are deemed to have been passed as if they have been passed at a General Meeting of the shareholders. 7. The voting rights for Equity Shares are one vote per Equity Share, registered in the name of the members. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the value of Equity Shares registered in the name of the shareholders as on the date, i.e., Friday April 17, 2026. A person who is not a shareholder on the date should treat this notice for information purposes only. 8. In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 of the Act and the rules made there under the MCA Circulars and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has provided the facility to the shareholders to exercise their votes electronically and vote on the resolutions through the e-voting service facility provided by KFintech. The instructions for e-voting are provided as part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 9. Shareholders desiring to exercise their vote through the e-voting process are requested to read the instructions in the Notes under the section “General information and instruction relating to e-voting” in this Postal Ballot Notice. Shareholders are requested to cast their vote through the e-voting process not later than 5 PM IST on Thursday, May 21, 2026, to be eligible for being considered, failing which it will be strictly considered that no vote has been received from the shareholder. 10. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman after the completion of scrutiny, and the result of the voting by postal ballot through the e-voting process will be announced by the Chairman or Company Secretary of the Company duly authorised, on or before Monday, May 25, 2026 and will also be displayed on the website of the Company ( www.wipro.com ), besides being communicated to the Stock Exchanges, Depositories, and RTA. 11. The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority shall be deemed to have been passed on Thursday, May 21, 2026, i.e., the last date specified for receipt of votes through the e-voting process. 12. All the material documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for inspection electronically until the last date for receipt of votes through the e-voting process. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to @wipro.com 13. The formats for Nomination and updation of KYC details in accordance with the SEBI Master Circular HO/38/13/(4)/2026- /I/4298/2026 dated February 06, 2026 are available on the Company’s website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/faqs/ . General information and instructions relating to e-voting Procedure for E-voting: Remote e-voting : In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, Shareholders are provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through any of the modes listed below, on the resolution set forth in this Postal Ballot Notice, by way of remote e-voting: MODES OF E-VOTING THROUGH DEPOSITORIES THROUGH DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANTS NSDL CDSL Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 1. Shareholders already registered for IDeAS facility may follow the below steps: a) Visit the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com b) On the home page, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under the ‘IDeAS’ section. c) On the new screen, enter User ID and Password. Post successful authentication, click on “Access to e- Voting” under e-voting services. d) Click on Company name or e- voting service 1. Shareholders already registered for Easi / Easiest facility may follow the below steps: a) Visit the following URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or www.cdslindia.com b) Click on the “Login” icon and opt for “My Easi New (Token)” (only applicable when using the URL: www.cdslindia.com) c) On the new screen, enter User ID and Password. Without any further authentication, the evoting page will be made available. Shareholders may alternatively log - in using credentials of the demat account through their Depository Participants registered with NSDL / CDSL for the e-voting facility. On clicking the evoting icon, shareholders will be re- directed to the NSDL / CDSL site, as applicable, on successful authentication. Shareholders may then click on Company name or e-voting service provider name, i.e., KFintech and will be redirected to KFintech website to cast their vote. MODES OF E-VOTING THROUGH DEPOSITORIES THROUGH DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANTS NSDL CDSL provider name, i.e., KFintech and you will be to KFintech website to cast your vote. 2. Shareholders who have not registered for IDeAS facility may follow the below steps: a) To register for this facility, visit the URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com b) On the home page, select “Register Online for IDeAS” c) On completion of the registration formality, follow the steps provided above. 3. Shareholders may alternatively vote through the e-voting website of NSDL in the manner specified below: a) Visit the URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com b) Click on the “Login” icon available under the ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. c) Enter User ID (i.e., 16-digit demat account number held with NSDL), d) Click on Company name or evoting service provider name, i.e., KFintech to cast your vote 2. Shareholders who have not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility may follow the below steps: a) To register for this facility, visit the URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/mye asitoken/Home/Login b) On completion of the registration formality, follow the steps provided above. 3. Shareholders may alternatively vote through the e-voting website of CDSL in the manner specified below: a) Visit the URL: www.cdslindia.com b) Enter the demat account number and PAN. c) Enter OTP received on mobile number & email registered with the demat account for authentication. d) Post successful authentication, the MODES OF E-VOTING THROUGH DEPOSITORIES THROUGH DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANTS NSDL CDSL Password / OTP, as applicable, and the verification code shown on the screen. d) Post successful authentication, you will be redirected to the NSDL Depository site wherein you can see the e-voting page. e) Click on company name or e- Voting service provider name, i.e., KFintech and you will be redirected to KFintech website to cast your vote. 4. For any technical assistance, Shareholders may contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at toll free no.: 18001020990. shareholder will receive links for the respective e-voting service provider, i.e., KFintech where the e-voting is in progress. 4. For any technical assistance, Shareholders may contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free no.: 1800 2109911. MODE OF E-VOTING THROUGH KFINTECH 1. In case a Shareholder receives an email from KFintech [for Shareholders whose email IDs are registered with the Company/Depository Participants(s)], please follow the below instructions: a) Visit the following URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com/ shareholders holding securities in demat mode and Shareholders holding securities in physical mode b) Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be EVEN (E-Voting Event Number) followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you are already registered with KFin for e- voting, you can use your existing User ID and password to cast your vote. MODE OF E-VOTING THROUGH KFINTECH c) After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”. d) You will now reach password change menu, wherein you are required to mandatorily change your password. The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special character (@, #, $, etc.). The system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact details like mobile number, email ID etc., on your first login. It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential. e) You need to login again with the new credentials. f) On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the “EVENT” and click on ‘Wipro Limited’. 2. Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail address are requested to register the same in respect of shares held in electronic form with the Depository through their Depository Participant(s) and in respect of shares held in physical form by writing to the Company’s registrar and share transfer agent, KFin Technologies Limited at Selenium, Tower B, Plot No—31&32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad—500032,Telangana, India 3. For obtaining the User ID and Password for e-voting, Shareholders may refer the instructions below: a) If the mobile number of the Shareholder is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, the Shareholder may send SMS: MYEPWD E- Voting Event Number+ Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to Example for NSDL—MYEPWD IN12345612345678 Example for CDSL—MYEPWD 1402345612345678 Example for Physical - MYEPWD XXXX1234567890 b) If e-mail address or mobile number of the Shareholder is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, then on the home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/ , the Shareholder may click “Forgot Password” and enter Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate a password. MODE OF E-VOTING THROUGH KFINTECH c) Shareholder may call KFintech toll free number 1800-3094-001 for any assistance. Shareholder may send an e-mail request to einward.ris@kfintech.com . However, KFintech shall endeavour to send User ID and Password to those new Shareholder whose e-mail IDs are available. General Instructions on E-voting: 1. Shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use “Forgot User ID”/ “Forgot Password” options available on the websites of Depositories/Depository Participants. 2. The remote e-voting period commences at 9 AM IST on Wednesday April 22, 2026, and ends at 5 PM IST on Thursday, May 21, 2026. During this period, shareholders of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the date of Friday, April 17, 2026, may cast their votes electronically as per the process detailed in this Postal Ballot Notice. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the vote on the resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. 3. The voting rights of Shareholders shall be in proportion to their share of the equity share capital of the Company as on the date i.e., Friday, April 17, 2026. 4. On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the date of Friday, April 17, 2026, under “FOR/AGAINST” for the item set out in the notice, you may partially enter any number “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed your total shareholding as on the date. You may also choose the option “ABSTAIN”. If the Shareholder does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST”, it will be treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head. 5. Shareholders holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each folio/demat account. 6. Corporate members are required to access the link https://evoting.kfintech.com and upload a certified copy of the Board resolution authorizing their representative to vote on their behalf. 7. You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”. 8. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have voted on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During the voting period, Shareholders can login any number of times till they have voted on the resolution. 9. In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by electronic means through KFintech, Shareholders may refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E- voting user manual available at the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com/ or may contact Ms. Swati Reddy, Manager (Unit: Wipro Limited) of KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium, Tower B, Plot No—31&32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad—500032,Telangana, India or at einward.ris@kfintech.com , evoting@kfintech.com or call KFintech’s toll free No. 1800-309-4001 for any further clarifications. 10. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the user profile details of the folio which may be used for sending future communication(s). 11. The Scrutinizer will submit their report to the Chairman after the completion of scrutiny, and the result of the voting will be announced, on or before Monday, May 25, 2026 and will also be displayed on the website of the Company ( www.wipro.com ), besides being communicated to the Indian Stock Exchanges, Depositories and RTA. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Pursuant to Section 102 read with Section 110 of the Act Resolution No. 1- of Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of 5 years w.e.f. July 1, 2026: Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its meeting held on Thursday, April 16, 2026, approved the of Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471) as an Independent Director of the Company, for a second term of 5 years with effect from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031, subject to approval of Members of the Company. As per Regulation 17(1C) and 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to take approval of shareholders for appointment of a person on the Board at the next general meeting or within a period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier, by way of a special resolution. Skills and capabilities required and the manner in which Ms. Tulsi Naidu meets such requirements: In the opinion of the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the following are the core skills/expertise/competencies required for the Independent Director in the context of the Company’s business: Wide Management and Leadership Experience, Functional and Managerial Experience, Corporate Governance, Information Technology, Personal Values and Diversity, among others. Considering Ms. Naidu’s experience of over two decades as a reputed and internationally experienced leader from the financial services industry, her track record of implementing large business transformations coupled with her strong hold on regulatory/public affairs and capability to streamline and simplify business operations, the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it would be in the interest of the Company to her as an Independent Director for a period of five years with effect from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031. Based on the performance evaluation, her skills, experience, expertise and knowledge, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board have recommended the of Ms. Naidu as an Independent Director pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and Schedule IV of the Act. Ms. Naidu also fulfills the requirements of an Independent Director as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. The Company has received a declaration from Ms. Naidu confirming that she meets the criteria of independence under the Act and the Listing Regulations. Further, the Company has also received consent from Ms. Naidu to act as a Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act and a declaration that she is not disqualified from being as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. In terms of Section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing the candidature of Ms. Naidu to be as an Independent Director. Further, Ms. Naidu has confirmed that she is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties as an Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Naidu has also confirmed that she is not debarred from holding the office of a director by virtue of order passed by SEBI or any other such authority. Pursuant to Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Ms. Naidu has enrolled her name in the online data bank maintained for Independent Directors with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Naidu is eligible to be as an Independent Director for a term of 5 consecutive years and fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the rules made thereunder, for her as an Independent Director of the Company and is independent of the management of the Company. Details of Ms. Naidu pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ( ), issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided in the “ ” to this Postal Ballot Notice. A brief profile of Ms. Tulsi Naidu is also provided at “ ” to this Postal Ballot Notice. Copy of letter of of Ms. Naidu setting out the terms and conditions of shall be available for inspection by the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect the same can send an email to @wipro.com . In line with the Company’s remuneration policy for Independent Directors, Ms. Naidu will be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees as approved by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Board meetings and commission on a quarterly basis of such sum as may be approved by the Board and shareholders based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee within the overall limits of remuneration payable to all Directors under Act not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company during any financial year. Except Ms. Naidu, being the appointee, and her relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out at Resolution No. 1 in this Postal Ballot Notice. The Board recommends the resolution as set out in Resolution No. 1 for approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution. Resolution No. 2- Appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 years w.e.f. April 1, 2026: Pursuant to Section 161 of the Act read with Article 164 of the Articles of Association of the Company, and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board, vide resolution dated March 5, 2026, had appointed Ms. Laura Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director of the Company, for a term of 5 years with effect from April 1, 2026, to March 31, 2031, subject to approval of Members of the Company. As per Regulation 17(1C) and 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to take approval of shareholders for appointment of a person on the Board at the next general meeting or within a period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier, by way of a special resolution. Skills and capabilities required and the manner in which Ms. Laura Miller meets such requirements: In the opinion of the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the following are the core skills/expertise/competencies required for the Independent Director in the context of the Company’s business: Wide Management and Leadership Experience, Information Technology, Functional and Managerial experience, Personal Values, Diversity, and Corporate Governance, among others. Ms. Miller brings more than two decades of executive leadership experience guiding large, global organizations through transformation, modernization, and sustained performance improvement. She is widely recognized for helping enterprises navigate technology and change, aligning digital and data capabilities with business strategies to support growth and resilience. She is well poised to add significant value and strength to the Board and her prior experience enables her to provide the Board with valuable insights. Based on her skills, experience, expertise and knowledge, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board have recommended the appointment of Ms. Miller as an Independent Director pursuant to the provisions of sections 149 and 152 of the Act. The Company has received a declaration from Ms. Miller confirming that she meets the criteria of independence under the Act and the Listing Regulations. Further, the Company has also received consent from Ms. Miller to act as a Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act and a declaration that she is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. In terms of Section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member signifying her candidature for the office of Director. Further, Ms. Miller has confirmed that she is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties as an Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Miller has also confirmed that she is not debarred from holding the office of a director by virtue of order passed by SEBI or any other such authority. Pursuant to Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Ms. Miller has enrolled her name in the online data bank maintained for Independent Directors with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. She is required to pass the online proficiency test and shall complete the same within the statutory timelines prescribed under the Act and the said rules made thereunder. In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Miller is eligible to be appointed as an Independent Director for a term of 5 consecutive years and fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the rules made thereunder, for her appointment as an Independent Director of the Company and is independent of Management. Details of Ms. Miller pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ( ), issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided in the “ ” to this Postal Ballot Notice. A brief profile of Ms. Miller is also provided at “ ” to this Postal Ballot Notice. The letter of appointment of Ms. Miller setting out the terms and conditions of appointment shall be available for inspection by the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect the same can send an email to @wipro.com . In line with the Company’s remuneration policy for Independent Directors, Ms. Miller will be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees as approved by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Board meetings and commission on a quarterly basis of such sum as may be approved by the Board and shareholders based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee within the overall limits of remuneration payable to all Directors under Act, not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company during any financial year. Except Ms. Miller, being the appointee, and her relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out at Resolution No. 2 in this Postal Ballot Notice. The Board of Directors recommends the resolution as set out in Resolution No. 2 for approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution. Details of Director seeking /appointment through postal ballot by remote e-voting process (Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings) Name of the Director Ms. Tulsi Naidu Ms. Laura Miller Director Identification Number 03017471 11546063 Date of Birth October 19, 1973 January 8, 1965 Age 52 years 61 years Date of Appointment July 1, 2021 April 1, 2026 Relationship with Directors and Key Managerial Personnel None None Expertise in specific functional area Financial services sector including insurance and wide management experience Information Technology, Digital, Data & AI Strategy Qualification(s) Post Graduate Diploma in Management from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics and Statistics from Nizam College, Hyderabad. Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management and a Master of Science in Computer Systems Management from the University of Maryland. Terms and conditions of appointment as Independent Director for a term of 5 years with effect from July 1, 2026, to June 30, 2031, not subject to retirement by rotation. Appointment as Independent Director for a term of 5 years with effect from April 1, 2026, to March 31, 2031, not subject to retirement by rotation. Remuneration last drawn (including sitting fees) Refer Note 1 Refer Note 1 Remuneration proposed to be paid Refer Note 2 Refer Note 2 Number of meetings of the Board attended during the financial year 2026-27 (up to the date of Postal Ballot Notice) 1 1 Name of the Director Ms. Tulsi Naidu Ms. Laura Miller Board Membership in other Indian listed companies as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice 3 None None Chairmanship of committees in other Indian listed companies as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice 3 None None Number of shares held in the Company as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice NIL NIL Listed companies from which the Director has resigned in the past three years NIL NIL Summary of Performance evaluation of the Director (For Appointment) The performance evaluation of the Director indicated a strong understanding of the Company’s strategy, risk environment, and market dynamics, supported by relevant industry experience. The Director is an impactful Board member, contributing diligently on the relevant matters. Overall, the performance was considered effective and valuable. Not Applicable Notes: 1. During the FY 2026-27 and until the date of this Postal Ballot Notice, Ms. Naidu and Ms. Miller attended one Board meeting held over April 15-16, 2026, and each was entitled to ₹ 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) as sitting fees for attending the meeting. 2. Ms. Naidu and Ms. Miller will be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees as approved by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Board meetings and commission on a quarterly basis of such sum as may be approved by the Board and shareholders based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee within the overall limits of remuneration payable to all Directors under Act not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company during any financial year. 3. Ms. Naidu is a member of Company’s Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and serves as the Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. Ms. Miller does not serve on any committee as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice. The Directorship, Committee Memberships and Chairmanships do not include positions in foreign companies, unlisted companies and private companies, position as an advisory board member and position in companies under Section 8 of the Act. Brief profile of Ms. Tulsi Naidu Tulsi Naidu became a director of the Company in July 2021 and is a member of our Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. She also serves as the Chairperson of our Nomination and Remuneration Committee. She has 29 years of financial services experience in Europe and Asia. She is Chief Executive Officer, of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd (“Zurich”), a member of Group Executive, a trustee of the Zurich Foundation. She also currently serves as a director on the Board of Directors of Zurich Kotak General Insurance Company (India) Limited. Prior to her current role, Ms. Naidu was CEO of Zurich Group in the United Kingdom. Prior to joining Zurich, Ms. Tulsi Naidu spent 14 years at Prudential Plc (upto 2016) in a variety of executive positions across their UK and Europe business. Her last position with Prudential was Executive Director, UK & Offshore. She was previously Chief Operating Officer for Prudential UK & Europe and prior to that held a number of general management roles. Ms. Naidu has experience of over two decades as a reputed and internationally experienced leader from the financial services industry and comes with wide management experience and expertise across the fields of Strategy, Credit, Insurance, Information Technology including Cybersecurity and Risk management among others. Ms. Tulsi Naidu holds a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics and Statistics from Nizam College, Hyderabad. Brief profile of Ms. Laura Miller: Laura Miller brings more than two decades of executive leadership experience guiding large, global organizations through transformation, modernization, and sustained performance improvement. She is widely recognized for helping enterprises navigate technology and change, aligning digital and data capabilities with business strategy to support growth and resilience. She has held senior leadership roles across retail, hospitality, payments, and global technology operations, working closely with boards and executive teams during periods of significant change. As Executive Vice President and Chief Information and Data Officer at Macy’s, Ms. Miller played a central role in shaping the company’s digital, data, and AI strategy, leading transformation initiatives that strengthened core operations and enabled new growth platforms. Her experience includes leading cloud migrations, deploying solutions, and modernizing and operational capabilities. Earlier in her career, she held global leadership roles at InterContinental Hotels Group and First Data. Ms. Miller brings deep board experience. She previously served as a director of EVO Payments during a period of strong growth that culminated in its acquisition by Global Payments, and on the board of LGI Homes. She currently serves as a Director at NCR Voyix, where she chairs the Risk Committee and serves on the Audit Committee. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management and a Master of Science in Computer Systems Management from the University of Maryland. Resolution No. 3- Buyback of Equity Shares of the Company: The Board at its meeting held on Thursday April 16, 2026 (“ Board Meeting ”) has, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of special resolution through postal ballot/e-voting and subject to such approvals of statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as may be required under applicable laws, approved the buyback of fully equity shares of face value of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) each (“ Equity Shares ”) up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares, on a proportionate basis through the tender offer route through the stock exchange mechanism in accordance with the Act, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 ( to the extent applicable), the Buyback Regulations, read with the Securities and Exchange Board of India Circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015, read with Circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI/HO/CFD/ /CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/ /P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, as amended from time to time (“ SEBI Circular ”), at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per equity share (“ Buyback Price ”) payable in cash for an aggregate consideration of up to ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) (“ Buyback Size ”) excluding transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes, securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), advisors/legal fees, intermediary fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc. (“ Transaction Cost ”) (the “ Buyback ”). The Buyback is within 25% of the aggregate of the fully Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount. The Buyback Size constitutes 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, respectively, of the Company as on March 31, 2026, and Equity Shares proposed to be bought back represent 5.72% of the total number of Equity Shares of the total Equity Share capital of the Company, as per the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026. The Board may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date (as defined below), increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations. Since the Buyback constitutes more than 10% of the total Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone financial statements or consolidated financial statements as on March 31, 2026, whichever is lower, in terms of Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, it is required to obtain the consent of the shareholders of the Company, for the Buyback by way of a special resolution. Further, as per Section 110 of the Act read with Rule 22(16)(g) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, the consent of the shareholders of the Company to the Buyback can be obtained by means of postal ballot. Accordingly, the Company is seeking your consent by means of postal ballot for the aforesaid proposal as contained in the special resolution provided in this Postal Ballot Notice. Certain figures contained in this Postal Ballot Notice, including financial information, have been subject to adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. As per the relevant provisions of the Act and Buyback Regulations, the Explanatory Statement contains relevant and material information to enable the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company to consider and approve the Special Resolution on the Buyback of the Company’s Equity Shares. Requisite details and material information relating to the Buyback are given below: (a) Date of the Board Meeting at which the proposal for Buyback was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company – Thursday, April 16, 2026 (b) Necessity for the Buyback The Buyback is being undertaken by the Company to return surplus funds to its equity shareholders, which are over and above its ordinary capital requirements and in excess of any current investment plans, in an expedient, effective and manner. The Buyback is being undertaken, inter alia , for the following reasons: (i) The Buyback will help the Company to distribute surplus cash to its shareholders holding Equity Shares broadly in proportion to their shareholding, thereby enhancing the overall return to shareholders; (ii) The Buyback, which is being implemented through the tender offer route as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, would involve a reservation of up to 15% of the Buyback Size for small shareholders. The Company believes that this reservation of up to 15% for small shareholders would benefit a large number of the Company’s public shareholders, who would be classified as “Small Shareholders” under the Buyback Regulations; (iii) The Buyback would help in improving financial ratios like earnings per share and return on equity, by reducing the equity base of the Company; and (iv) The Buyback gives the Eligible Shareholders (as defined below) the choice to either (A) participate in the Buyback and receive cash in lieu of their Equity Shares which are accepted under the Buyback, or (B) not to participate in the Buyback and get a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding in the Company post the Buyback, without additional investment. (c) Maximum amount required under Buyback and its percentage of the total paid up capital and free reserves (i) The maximum amount required for Buyback will not exceed ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only), excluding the Transaction Costs. (ii) The maximum amount mentioned aforesaid is 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the fully Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, respectively, of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever is lower and the same is within the prescribed limit of 25%. (d) Maximum price at which the shares or other specified securities are proposed to be bought back and the basis of arriving at the Buyback Price (i) The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share. (ii) The Buyback Price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share has been arrived at after considering various factors such as (i) the share price benchmarks on the NSE, the stock exchange where the maximum volume of trading in the Equity Shares of the Company is recorded, (ii) the net worth of the Company, and (iii) the impact on the earnings per Equity Share. (iii) The Buyback Price represents a premium of 16.30% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on the NSE for the 60 trading days preceding the date of intimation to the Stock Exchanges of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback and 28.51% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on the NSE for the 10 trading days preceding the date of intimation to the Indian Stock Exchanges of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback. The closing market price of the Equity Shares as on the trading day prior to the date of intimation of the Board Meeting for considering the Buyback, being April 8, 2026, was ₹ 203.42 (Rupees Two Hundred Three and Paisa only) on NSE and ₹ 203.30 (Rupees Two Hundred Three and Thirty Paisa only) on BSE. (iv) The Buyback Price is at a premium of 311.77% of the book value per Equity Share of the Company, which as of March 31, 2026 was ₹ 60.71 (Rupees Sixty and Paisa only) per Equity Share, on a standalone basis. (v) The basic and diluted earnings per Equity Share of the Company prior to the Buyback, for the one year ended March 31, 2026 was ₹ 11.59 (Rupees Eleven and Paisa only) and ₹ 11.55 (Rupees Eleven and Paisa only) per Equity Share, respectively on a standalone basis. Assuming full acceptance under the Buyback, the basic and diluted earnings per Equity Share of the Company will be ₹ 12.28 (Rupees Twelve and Paisa only) and ₹ 12.25 (Rupees Twelve and Paisa only) per Equity Share post the Buyback, respectively on a standalone basis. (vi) The return on net worth of the Company was 19.05% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2026, on a standalone basis, which will increase to 24.92% post Buyback, on a standalone basis, assuming full acceptance of the Buyback. (e) Maximum number of Equity Shares that the Company proposes to Buyback The Company proposes to Buyback up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully equity shares of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two Only) each. (f) Method to be adopted for the Buyback (i) The Buyback shall be on a proportionate basis (subject to the reservation for small shareholders in accordance with the Buyback Regulations) through the “tender offer” route, as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, to the extent permissible, and the “ Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to under Takeovers Buy Back and Delisting ” as prescribed under the SEBI Circular. The Buyback will be implemented in accordance with the Act, to the extent applicable, the Buyback Regulations and on such terms and conditions as may be deemed fit by the Company. (ii) As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Company will announce a record date for the Buyback (the “ Record Date ”) for determining the names of the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company who will be eligible to participate in the Buyback (“ Eligible Shareholder(s) ”). Holders of ADSs will not be eligible to tender ADSs in the Buyback. In order for such holders to participate in the Buyback, they must take certain actions prior to the Record Date. For additional details concerning participation in the Buyback by ADS holders, see Section (m) below entitled “ Additional Information for Holders of Company’s American Depositary Shares, each representing one Equity Share ”. Subject to the approval of the special resolution under this Postal Ballot Notice, each Eligible Shareholder will receive a Letter of Offer along with a tender offer form indicating their entitlement for participating in the Buyback. (iii) The Equity Shares to be bought back as a part of the Buyback are divided into two categories: (a) Reserved category for small shareholders; and (b) General category for all other shareholders. (iv) As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “small shareholder” is a shareholder who holds Equity Shares having market value, on the basis of closing price on stock exchanges in which highest trading volume in respect of such Equity Shares as on Record Date, is not more than ₹ 2,00,000/- (Rupees Two Lakh only). (v) In accordance with the proviso to Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to buyback or such number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as on the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the small shareholders as part of this Buyback. (vi) Based on the holding on the Record Date, the Company will determine the entitlement of each Eligible Shareholder to tender their shares in the Buyback. This entitlement for each Eligible Shareholder will be calculated based on the number of Equity Shares held by the respective shareholders as on the Record Date and the ratio of the Buyback applicable in the category to which such shareholder belongs. (vii) As per with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the same shareholders with multiple demat accounts/folios do not receive a higher entitlement under the small shareholder category, the Company will club together all the equity shares held by such shareholders with a common Permanent Account Number (“ PAN ”) for determining the category (Small Shareholder or General) and entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the Company will club together all the Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the joint shareholders is identical. In case of physical shareholders, where the sequence of PANs is identical, the Company will club together all the Equity Shares held in such cases. Similarly, in case of physical shareholders where PAN is not available, the Company will check the sequence of names of the joint holders and club together all the Equity Shares held in such cases where the sequence of name of joint shareholders is identical. The shareholding of institutional investors like mutual funds, pension funds/trusts, insurance companies etc., with common PAN will not be clubbed together for determining the category and will be considered separately, where these equity shares are held for different schemes and have a different demat account nomenclature based on information prepared by the RTA as per the shareholder records received from the Depositories. (viii) Shareholders’ participation in Buyback will be voluntary. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of shares to be accepted under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company may also accept a part of their entitlement. Eligible Shareholders holding equity shares of the Company also have the option of tendering additional shares (over and above their entitlement) and participating in the shortfall created due to , if any, by some other shareholders. (ix) The maximum tender under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held by the shareholder as on the Record Date. (x) The Equity Shares tendered as per the entitlement by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company as well as additional shares tendered, if any, will be accepted as per the procedure laid down in the Buyback Regulations. The settlement of the tenders under the Buyback will be done using the “ Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting ” notified under the SEBI Circular. (xi) Participation in the Buyback by shareholders may trigger tax on the consideration received on Buyback by them. Pursuant to amendments effective April 1, 2026, the tax on income from the buyback of shares is now levied directly on the shareholders. Previously from October 1, 2024, until March 31, 2026, buyback proceeds were fully taxed as deemed dividends at the shareholder’s applicable slab rates, the original cost of acquiring the shares was recognized as a capital loss, which be set off against other capital gains. Here are the key features of the new system: Aspect Details Tax Incidence The tax is now payable by the shareholders on the gains made from the buyback, not by the Company. Nature of Income The income is treated as Capital Gains in the hands of the shareholder. Computation of Gains Capital Gains are calculated as the difference between the buyback price offered by the Company and the shareholder’s original cost of acquiring the shares. Applicable Tax Rate The rate depends on the holding period: • Capital Gains (LTCG): For shares held over 12 months, a rate of 12.5% is applicable (with an exemption up to ₹ 1.25 Lakhs). • Capital Gains (STCG): For shares held for 12 months or less, the gains are taxed at applicable slab rates (xii) Detailed instructions for participation in the Buyback (tender of Equity Shares in the Buyback) as well as the relevant timetable will be included in the letter of offer to be sent to the Eligible Shareholder(s). (g) Time limit for completing the Buyback Subject to receipt of regulatory consents and approvals, if any, the Buyback is proposed to be completed within 1 (one) year from the date of passing of special resolution detailed in this Postal Ballot Notice. (h) Compliance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Act The aggregate share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, is ₹ 6,00,294.00 million and ₹ 7,50,230.00 million, respectively. Under the provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, the funds deployed for the Buyback cannot exceed 25% of the aggregate of the fully share capital and free reserves of the Company i.e., ₹ 1,50,073.00 million The maximum amount proposed to be utilized for the Buyback, does not exceed ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) and is therefore within the limit of 25% of the Company’s fully share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, whichever is less, as on March 31, 2026. Further, under the Act and Buyback Regulations, the number of Equity Shares that can be bought back in any financial year cannot exceed 25% of the total Equity Shares in the total equity capital of the Company in that financial year. The number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the existing total equity share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026. (i) Details of holding and transactions in the Equity Shares of the Company The aggregate shareholding of the (i) promoter and promoter group of the Company (“ Promoter and Promoter Group ”) and persons in control and (ii) Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group as on the date of the Board Meeting and this Postal Ballot Notice, i.e., April 16, 2026, are as follows: (i) Aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who are in control as on the date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Postal Ballot Notice, i.e., April 16, 2026: Sl. No. Name of Shareholder No. of Equity Shares % Shareholding 1. Azim H Premji 43,11,56,714 4.11 2. Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 0.05 3. Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 0.13 4. Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 0.13 5. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders 1,88,68,26,730 17.99 6. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim Traders 2,16,02,97,946 20.60 7. Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders 2,20,21,33,582 21.00 8. Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited 27,11,906 0.03 9. Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited (1) 2,77,24,830 0.26 10. Azim Premji Trust (2) 68,03,85,966 6.49 11. Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 19,37,08,256 1.85 Total 7,61,68,40,898 72.62 Note: 1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited. 2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust. (ii) Aggregate shareholding of the Directors of Companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group, as on the date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Postal Ballot Notice, i.e., April 16, 2026: Sl. No. Name No. of Equity Shares % Shareholding 1 Azim H Premji 43,11,56,714 4.11 2 Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 0.13 3 Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 0.13 4 Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 0.05 5 Tekkethalakal K Kurien 16,11,880 0.02 6 Deepak Jain 2,50,258 0.00 7 Srinivasan Pagalthivarthi 1,70,888 0.00 8 Anurag Behar 1,60,122 0.00 9 Lakshminarayana Kollengode Ramanathan 35,016 0.00 10 Ayyagari Lakshmanarao 32,410 0.00 11 Bhoopalam Chandrashekharaiah Prabhakar 20,800 0.00 Total 46,53,33,056 4.44 (iii) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group, persons in control, Directors of Companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company during a period of six months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buyback was approved and the date of this Postal Ballot Notice, i.e. April 16, 2026: (A) Aggregate of shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who are in control: NIL (B) Aggregate shares sold by the Directors of Companies which are part of the Promoter and Promoter Group: 1. Ayyagari Lakshmanarao Name of the Promoter Company Aggregate number of shares purchased/ sold Nature of transaction Maximum Price per Share ( ₹ ) Date of Maximum Price Minimum Price per Share ( ₹ ) Date of Minimum Price Hasham Investment and Trading Co Private Limited 4,850 Sale 270.90 08- 261.35 08- and Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 1,150 Sale 268.88 26- 265.74 26- (j) Intention of Promoter and Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company to participate in the Buyback In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the tender offer route, the Promoter and Promoter Group have an option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group entities and persons in control of the Company have expressed their intention to participate in the Buyback vide their letters dated April 16, 2026 and may tender up to an aggregate maximum of 7,44,77,75,834 Equity Shares or such lower number of Equity Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations. Please see below the maximum number of Equity Shares to be tendered by each of the Promoter and Promoter Group as well as persons in control of the Company: Sl. No. Name of the Promoter and Promoter Group entity Maximum No. of Equity Shares intended to be offered 1 Azim H Premji 26,20,91,650 2 Yasmeen A Premji 51,18,756 3 Rishad Azim Premji 1,35,37,782 4 Tariq Azim Premji 1,32,38,430 5 Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders 1,88,68,26,730 6 Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim Traders 2,16,02,97,946 7 Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders 2,20,21,33,582 8 Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited 27,11,906 9 Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited (1) 2,77,24,830 10 Azim Premji Trust (2) 68,03,85,966 11 Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited 19,37,08,256 Total 7,44,77,75,834 Note: 1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited. 2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust. The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter and Promoter Group or any Directors of the Company except to the extent of the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as equity shareholders of the Company, and the change in their shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post Buyback. The details of the date and price of acquisition of the Equity Shares that the Promoter and Promoter Group intend to tender are below: (i) Azim H Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction Number of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue / Acquisition Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) August 24, 2005 Bonus 35,21,332 (1) 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 2,46,82,160 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 6,17,05,400 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 4,11,36,933 2 — — December 10, 2024 Bonus 13,10,45,825 2 — — Total 26,20,91,650 Note: 1. Out of originally allotted 1,85,11,620 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus, an aggregate of 47,60,108 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on July 4, 2023 at a price of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share. Further, on January 20, 2024, an aggregate of 1,02,30,180 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were gifted to Rishad Azim Premji and Tariq Azim Premji, part of the promoter group. (ii) Yasmeen A Premji Date of Transaction Nature of Transaction No. of Equity Shares Face Value ( ₹ ) Issue/ Acquisition/ Sale Price ( ₹ ) Consideration (Cash, other than cash etc.) June 29, 2004 Bonus 34,402 (1) 2 — — August 24, 2005 Bonus 3,28,800 2 — — June 17, 2010 Bonus 4,25,066 2 — — June 15, 2017 Bonus 10,62,666 2 — — March 8, 2019 Bonus 7,08,444 2 — — December 10, 2024 Bonus 25,59,378 2 — — Total 51,18,756 Note: 1. Originally allotted 2,19,200 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each as bonus. An aggregate of 1,44,006 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/- per Equity Share, of which 54,406 Equity Shares were part of this allotment. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 1,30,392 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/- each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/- per E

[truncated]