consolidated income statements, or consolidated cash flow statements. Seasonality Within our Consumer segment, our TurboTax and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively. Use of Estimates In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and the 30 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 disclosures made in the accompanying notes. For example, we use judgments and estimates in determining how revenue should be recognized. These judgments and estimates include identifying performance obligations, determining if the performance obligations are distinct, determining the standalone sales price (SSP) and timing of revenue recognition for each distinct performance obligation, and estimating variable consideration to be included in the transaction price. We use estimates in determining the collectibility of accounts receivable and notes receivable held for investment, the appropriate levels of various accruals including accruals for litigation contingencies, the discount rate used to calculate lease liabilities, the amount of our worldwide tax provision, the realizability of deferred tax assets, the credit losses of debt securities, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations, and the fair value of notes receivable held for sale. We also use estimates in determining the remaining economic lives and fair values of acquired intangible assets, property and equipment, and other assets. In addition, we use assumptions to estimate the fair value of reporting units and compensation. Despite our intention to establish accurate estimates and use reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ from our estimates. Revenue Recognition We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, merchant payment processing services, delivery of qualified links, marketing automation, live expert advice, financing for small and businesses, and desktop software products, desktop software subscriptions, and financial supplies. We enter into contracts with customers that include promises to transfer various products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized when the promised goods or services are transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration allocated to the respective performance obligation. Nature of Products and Services Online Offerings Our online offerings include TurboTax Online and TurboTax Live, ProConnect Tax Online, QuickBooks Online, Intuit Enterprise Suite, online payroll, and merchant payment processing services for small and businesses who use our online offerings. Our Mailchimp offerings include marketing automation. These online offerings provide customers with the right to use the hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software and are billed on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to our online offerings that are billed on a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to online offerings that are billed on a consumption basis is recognized when the customer consumes the related service. Credit Karma revenue is primarily comprised of revenue from the delivery of qualified links that result in completed actions, or transactions. Credit Karma also generates revenue from and transactions. revenue is earned based on a fee for approved actions, such as when credit cards are issued or when personal loans and other loans to businesses are funded. Revenue is recognized when a lead is generated that results in one of these approved actions. and revenue is primarily related to mortgage and insurance businesses. revenue is earned as users click on our customers' advertisements and is recognized based on the number of clicks recorded each month. revenue is earned via customer advertisements that allow the generation of leads from consumers interested in the advertised products and is recognized at the time a consumer request or lead is delivered to the customer. Desktop Offerings Our desktop offerings consist of our subscription-based QuickBooks Desktop products, our consumer and professional tax desktop products, which include TurboTax, Lacerte and ProSeries, our desktop payroll products, and merchant payment processing services for small and businesses who use our desktop offerings. Our QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions include a term software license, version protection updates, product upgrades and enhancements, support, and various connected services. We recognize revenue for the software license and version protection updates at the time they are delivered and recognize revenue for product upgrades and enhancements, support, and connected services over the subscription term as services are provided. For subscriptions sold in fiscal 2024, periodic delivery of version protection updates occurred through the first quarter of fiscal 2025, and the associated revenue was recognized upon delivery as noted above. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, product upgrades and enhancements are delivered on a basis, and the associated revenue is recognized on a basis over the term during which those product upgrades and enhancements are provided. Prior to fiscal 2025, we determined that the enhancements included in our QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions were not material within the context of the contract. Our consumer and professional tax desktop software products include an tax software license, related tax form updates, electronic filing service, and connected services. We recognize revenue for the software license and related tax form updates, as one performance obligation, over the period the forms and updates are delivered. We recognize revenue for our electronic filings service and connected services as services are provided. 31 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 We also sell some of our consumer tax desktop software products in and consignment arrangements to certain retailers. For these retailers, we begin recognizing revenue when control has transferred to the retailer for arrangements or to the customer for consignment arrangements. Our desktop payroll products are sold as software subscriptions and include a term software license with a obligation to maintain compliance with current payroll tax laws, support, and connected services. The term software license and obligation to maintain compliance with current payroll tax laws is considered one performance obligation. As a result, revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription term as services are provided. We offer merchant payment processing services as a separately paid connected service for our QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions, and revenue is recognized as services are provided to the customers. Other Solutions Revenue from the sale of our financial supplies, such as printed check stock, is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally when the products are shipped. Interest revenue is earned on term loans originated or purchased and held for investment in accordance with the specified period of time and defined interest rate noted in the term loan contract and is recorded net of amortized deferred origination fees and costs, and term loan discounts. We recognize a gain or loss on the sale of term loans sold to third parties by calculating the difference between the proceeds received and the carrying value of the term loans sold. Interest revenue and gains on sales of term loans were not material for all periods presented. We also have and royalty arrangements with partners and recognize this revenue as earned based upon reporting provided to us by our partners. In instances where we do not have reporting from our partners, we estimate revenue based on information available to us at the time. Adjustments to our estimates based on actual results have not been material to our consolidated financial statements for any period presented. Types of Revenue Service revenue includes revenue from: our online offerings discussed above; our Credit Karma offerings; support, electronic filing services, product upgrades and enhancements, and connected services included with our desktop offerings; merchant payment processing services; certain and royalty arrangements; and interest on notes receivable. Product and other revenue includes revenue from: QuickBooks Desktop software licenses and version protection updates; consumer and professional tax desktop licenses and the related tax form updates; desktop payroll licenses and related updates; financial supplies; certain and royalty arrangements; and interest on amounts held for customers. We record revenue net of sales tax obligations. For payroll services, we generally require customers to remit payroll tax funds to us in advance of the payroll date via electronic funds transfer. Revenue for electronic payment processing services that we provide to merchants is recorded net of interchange fees charged by credit card associations. We hold customer cash as part of delivering payroll and payment services, and we include in total net revenue the interest earned on these funds from the time they are collected until the time that we remit them to outside parties or merchants. Judgments and Estimates We use a process in determining how revenue is recognized, which requires judgment and estimates. These judgments and estimates include identifying performance obligations in the contract, determining whether the performance obligations are distinct, determining the SSP for each distinct performance obligation, determining the timing of revenue recognition for distinct performance obligations, and estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services generally capable of being distinct performance obligations. SSPs for distinct performance obligations are based on directly observable pricing, when applicable. In instances where the SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. The functionality of the software licenses included in our consumer and professional tax and payroll desktop offerings is dependent on the related enhancements and updates included in these offerings. Judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the related updates and recognized over time. Our consumer and professional tax desktop products include an tax software license and related tax form updates that are recognized as the forms and updates are delivered. We measure progress toward complete satisfaction of the software license and related tax form updates using an output method based on the timing of when the tax forms are delivered. We generally provide refunds to customers for product returns and subscription cancellations. We also provide promotional discounts and incentive rebates on retail and distribution sales. These refunds, discounts, and incentive rebates are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. Refunds are estimated based on historical 32 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 experience and current business and economic indicators and are updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of any incremental revenue will not occur. Discounts and incentive rebates are estimated based on distributors' and retailers' performance against the terms and conditions of the rebate programs. Deferred Revenue We record deferred revenue when we have entered into a contract with a customer and cash payments are received or due prior to transfer of control or satisfaction of the related performance obligation. Our deferred revenue primarily relates to our subscription offerings. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, we recognized revenue of $ 871 million that was included in deferred revenue at July 31, 2024. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, we recognized revenue of $ 920 million that was included in deferred revenue at July 31, 2023. Our performance obligations are generally satisfied within 12 months of the initial contract date. As of July 31, 2025 and 2024 , the deferred revenue balance related to performance obligations that will be satisfied after 12 months was $ 4 million and $ 4 million, respectively, and is included in other obligations on our consolidated balance sheets. Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer Our sales commissions are considered incremental costs of obtaining the contract with a customer. Sales commissions for subscription offerings where we expect the benefit of those costs to continue longer than one year are capitalized and amortized ratably over the period of benefit, which ranges from three to four years . As of July 31, 2025 and 2024, total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were $ 122 million and $ 94 million, respectively, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We apply a practical expedient to expense costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer when the period of benefit is less than one year. These costs primarily include internal and external sales commissions for our consumer and professional tax offerings. Shipping and Handling We record the amounts we charge our customers for the shipping and handling of our software products as product and other revenue, and we record the related costs as cost of product and other revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. Customer Service and Technical Support We include the costs of customer service and technical support associated with our online or hosted offerings in cost of service revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. We also include the costs of providing technical support for our desktop offerings in cost of service revenue. We include the costs of customer service related to desktop offerings in selling and marketing expense in our consolidated statements of operations. Customer service and technical support costs include costs associated with performing order processing, answering customer inquiries by telephone and through websites, email, and other electronic means, and providing technical support assistance to customers. We expense the cost of providing this support as incurred. Software Development Costs We expense software development costs as we incur them until technological feasibility has been established, at which time those costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. To date, our software has been available for general release concurrent with the establishment of technological feasibility and, accordingly, we have not capitalized any development costs. Costs we incur to enhance our existing products or after the general release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development expense in our consolidated statements of operations. Internal Use Software We capitalize costs related to the development of hosted services that we provide to our customers and internal use of business and finance software in support of our operational needs. Costs incurred in the application development phase are capitalized and amortized on a basis over their useful lives, which are generally three to six years . Costs related to planning and other preliminary project activities and to activities are expensed as incurred. We test these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact their recoverability. 33 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 Advertising We expense all advertising costs as we incur them to selling and marketing expense in our consolidated statements of operations. We recorded advertising expense of approximately $ 2.1 billion for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, $ 1.7 billion for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, and $ 1.5 billion for the twelve months ended July 31, 2023. Leases Our leases are primarily operating leases for office facilities. We determine if an arrangement is a lease and classify it as either a finance or operating lease at lease inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease (ROU) assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. Our leases generally do not have a readily determinable implicit rate, therefore we use our incremental borrowing rate at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. Our incremental borrowing rate is determined based on a yield curve derived from publicly traded bond offerings for companies with similar credit ratings to ours. Our lease terms may include options to purchase, extend, or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We account for the lease and components as a single lease component. We measure ROU assets based on the corresponding lease liabilities adjusted for any initial direct costs and prepaid lease payments made to the lessor before or at the commencement date, net of lease incentives. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are not included in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability and are recognized as lease expense is incurred. Our variable lease payments generally relate to amounts paid to lessors for common area maintenance under our real estate leases. Our subleases generally do not relieve us of our primary obligations under the corresponding head lease. As a result, we account for the head lease based on the original assessment at inception. We determine if the sublease arrangement is either a , direct financing, or operating lease at inception. If the total remaining lease cost on the head lease for the term of the sublease is greater than the anticipated sublease income, the ROU asset is assessed for impairment. Our subleases are generally operating leases, and we recognize sublease income on a basis over the sublease term. Capitalization of Interest Expense We capitalize interest on capital projects, including facilities projects and internal use computer software projects. Capitalization commences with the first expenditure for the project and continues until the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. We amortize capitalized interest to depreciation expense using the method over the same lives as the related assets. Capitalized interest was not material for any period presented. Foreign Currency The functional currencies of our international operating subsidiaries are generally the local currencies. We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at the exchange rates in effect on the balance sheet date. We translate the revenue, costs, and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries at the average rates of exchange in effect during the period. We include translation gains and losses in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We include net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions in interest and other income or expense in our consolidated statements of operations. Translation gains and losses and transaction gains and losses were not material for any period presented. Income Taxes We estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. We estimate our current tax liability and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we show on our consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations. We review the need for a valuation allowance to reflect uncertainties about whether we will be able to utilize some of our deferred tax assets before they expire. The valuation allowance analysis is based on our estimates of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. While we have considered future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance for the periods presented, we could be required to record a valuation allowance to take into account additional deferred tax assets that we may be unable to realize. An increase in the valuation allowance would have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the increase. 34 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. A description of our accounting policies associated with contingencies and valuation allowances assumed as part of a business combination is provided under “Business Combinations” below. Computation of Net Income Per Share We compute basic net income per share using the number of common shares outstanding during the period. We compute diluted net income per share using the number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common shares consist of the shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and upon the vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs) under the treasury stock method. We include stock options with combined exercise prices and unrecognized compensation expense that are less than the average market price for our common stock, and RSUs with unrecognized compensation expense that is less than the average market price for our common stock, in the calculation of diluted net income per share. We exclude stock options with combined exercise prices and unrecognized compensation expense that are greater than the average market price for our common stock, and RSUs with unrecognized compensation expense that is greater than the average market price for our common stock, from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect is . Under the treasury stock method, the amount that must be paid to exercise stock options and the amount of compensation expense for future service that we have not yet recognized for stock options and RSUs are assumed to be used to repurchase shares. Dividend rights apply to all RSUs that we grant and are accumulated and paid when the underlying RSUs vest. Since the dividend rights are subject to the same vesting requirements as the underlying equity awards, they are considered a contingent transfer of value. Consequently, the RSUs are not considered participating securities, and we do not present them separately in earnings per share. The following table presents the composition of shares used in the computation of basic and diluted net income per share for the periods indicated. Twelve Months Ended July 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Numerator: Net income $ 3,869 $ 2,963 $ 2,384 Denominator: Shares used in basic per share calculations: common shares outstanding 280 280 281 Shares used in diluted per share calculations: common shares outstanding 280 280 281 Dilutive potential common equivalent shares from awards 3 4 2 Dilutive common shares outstanding 283 284 283 Basic and diluted net income per share: Basic net income per share $ 13.82 $ 10.58 $ 8.49 Diluted net income per share $ 13.67 $ 10.43 $ 8.42 Shares excluded from diluted net income per share: awards that have been excluded from dilutive common equivalent shares outstanding due to their effect — 1 1 35 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 Cash Equivalents and Investments We consider highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. In all periods presented, cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds. Investments consist primarily of debt securities. Except for direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities issued by agencies of the U.S. government, and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer. We use the specific identification method to compute gains and losses on investments. We record unrealized gains and losses on investments, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets and reflect unrealized gain and loss activity in other comprehensive income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We generally classify debt securities as current assets based upon our ability and intent to use any and all of these securities as necessary to satisfy the significant liquidity requirements that may arise from the highly seasonal nature of our businesses. Because of our significant business seasonality, stock repurchase programs, and acquisition opportunities, cash flow requirements may fluctuate dramatically from quarter to quarter and require us to use a significant amount of the investments we hold as . Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Doubtful Accounts Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and are not interest bearing. payment processor receivables due from financial institutions for the settlement of credit and debit card transactions for the sales of our products and services are included in accounts receivable. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for credit losses. In determining the amount of the allowance, we consider our historical level of credit losses, current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses, information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. We make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. When we determine that amounts are uncollectible, we write them off against the allowance. Funds Receivable and Amounts Held for Customers and Funds Payable and Amounts Due to Customers Funds receivable and amounts held for customers represent funds receivable from payment processors for customer transactions, funds in transit to our customers, and funds held on behalf of our customers that are invested in cash and cash equivalents and debt securities, restricted for use solely for the purpose of satisfying amounts we owe on behalf of our customers. Funds payable and amounts due to customers consist of amounts we owe on behalf of our customers, such as direct deposit payroll funds and payroll taxes. Our obligations with respect to funds we transmit on behalf of our customers are satisfied when the funds are settled in the customers’ accounts. These obligations, including funds in transit to our customers, are reflected in funds payable and amounts due to customers in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at the lower of cost or realizable value, net of accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation using the method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from two to 30 years. We amortize leasehold improvements using the method over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. We review property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We did not record any material property or equipment impairment charges during the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023. Business Combinations The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business combination date and to refine those estimates as necessary during the measurement period, which is defined as the period, not to exceed one year , in which we may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for a business combination. Under the acquisition method of accounting, we recognize separately from goodwill the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree, generally at the acquisition date fair value. We measure goodwill as of the acquisition date as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Costs that we incur to complete the business combination, such as investment banking, legal, and other professional fees, are not considered part of consideration, and we recognize such costs as general and administrative expenses as they are incurred. Under the acquisition method, we also account for acquired company restructuring activities that we initiate separately from the business combination. Should the initial accounting for a business combination be incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period, we report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we adjust 36 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date, and we record those adjustments to our financial statements. We apply those measurement period adjustments that we determine to be material retrospectively to comparative information in our financial statements, including adjustments to depreciation and amortization expense. Under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations, if we identify changes to acquired deferred tax asset valuation allowances or liabilities related to uncertain tax positions during the measurement period, and they relate to new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, those changes are considered a measurement period adjustment and we record the offset to goodwill. We record all other changes to deferred tax asset valuation allowances and liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in current period income tax expense. This accounting applies to all of our acquisitions regardless of acquisition date. Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Assets Goodwill We record goodwill when the fair value of consideration transferred in a business combination exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually during our fourth fiscal quarter and whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. In accordance with authoritative guidance, we define fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We consider and use all valuation methods that are appropriate in estimating the fair value of our reporting units and generally use a weighted combination of income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows. We use a number of assumptions in our discounted cash flow model, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. Under the market approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for comparable publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the unit, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. We recorded no goodwill impairment charges for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023. Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Assets We generally record acquired intangible assets that have finite useful lives, such as purchased technology, in connection with business combinations. We amortize the cost of acquired intangible assets on a basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to 15 years. We review intangible assets that have finite useful lives and other assets whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We estimate the recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. We estimate the fair value of assets that have finite useful lives based on the present value of future cash flows for those assets. If the carrying value of an asset with a finite life exceeds its estimated fair value, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. Impairment charges for acquired intangible assets and other assets were not material for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023. Compensation Plans RSUs granted typically vest based on continued service. We value these RSUs at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method. We amortize the fair value of RSUs on a basis over the service period. Certain RSUs granted to senior management vest based on the achievement of market or performance goals. We estimate the fair value of RSUs at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo valuation methodology and amortize those fair values over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. The Monte Carlo methodology that we use to estimate the fair value of RSUs at the date of grant incorporates into the valuation the possibility that the market condition may not be satisfied. Provided that the requisite service is rendered, the total fair value of the RSUs at the date of grant must be recognized as compensation expense even if the market condition is not achieved. However, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary significantly with the performance of the specified market criteria. We estimate the fair value of performance-based RSUs at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method and the probability that the specified performance criteria would be met. Each quarter, we update our assessment of the probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved and adjust our estimate of the fair value of the performance-based RSUs if necessary. We amortize the fair values of performance-based RSUs over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. All of the RSUs we grant have dividend rights that are subject to the 37 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 same vesting requirements as the underlying equity awards, so we do not adjust the intrinsic (market) value of our RSUs for dividends. We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using a lattice binomial model and a multiple option award approach. We amortize the fair value of stock options on a basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods. See Note 11, “Stockholders’ Equity,” for a description of our compensation plans and more information on the assumptions we use to calculate the fair value of compensation. Restructuring We record charges associated with restructuring plans as restructuring in our consolidated statements of operations. These charges may include severance and employee benefits, and costs to vacate facilities. We generally recognize employee severance costs when payments are probable and the amounts are estimable, or when notifications occur, depending on the region where the employee works. The liability for restructuring charges is included in accrued compensation and related liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers and Suppliers We operate in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer needs, the emergence of competitive products or services with new capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact our operating results. We are also subject to risks related to changes in the value of our material balance of investments. Our portfolio of investments consists of securities. Except for direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities issued by agencies of the U.S. government and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer. Our cash balances are primarily on deposit at high credit quality financial institutions. These deposits are typically in excess of insured limits. We sell a portion of our products through retailers and distributors. As a result, we face risks related to the collectibility of our accounts receivable. To appropriately manage this risk, we perform ongoing evaluations of customer credit and limit the amount of credit extended as we deem appropriate, but generally do not require collateral. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have historically been within our expectations. However, since we cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, we cannot guarantee that our reserves will continue to be adequate. No customer accounted for 10% or more of total net revenue for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023, nor did any customer account for 10% or more of total accounts receivable at July 31, 2025 or July 31, 2024. We primarily use two public cloud providers for our cloud hosting needs. Additionally, we rely primarily on one vendor to perform the manufacturing and distribution functions for our retail desktop software products. We also have a key vendor that prints and fulfills orders for most of our financial supplies business. While we believe that relying on key vendors improves the efficiency and reliability of our business operations, relying on any one vendor for a significant aspect of our business can have a material negative impact on our revenue and profitability if that vendor fails to perform at acceptable service levels for any reason, including financial difficulties of the vendor. Accounting Standards Recently Adopted Segment Information - In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, “ Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. ” This standard requires incremental segment information disclosures, including disclosures of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the CODM, a description of other segment items by reportable segment, and any additional measures of a segment's profit or loss used by the CODM when deciding how to allocate resources. We adopted ASU 2023-07 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 on a retrospective basis. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. See Note 14, “ Segment Information ,” for more information. Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted Income Tax - In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “ Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures .” This standard requires additional disclosures related to the income tax rate reconciliation, income taxes paid by jurisdiction, and other income disclosures. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, which means that it will be effective for us for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026. Early adoption is permitted on either a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2023-09 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Income Statement - Expense Disaggregation - In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “ Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income 38 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 Statement Expenses, ” and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01, “ Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date, ” which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024-03. This standard requires entities to disaggregate operating expenses into specific categories such as employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization, by relevant expense caption on the statement of operations. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, which means that it will be effective for our annual reporting for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2028 and for interim period reporting beginning in fiscal 2029. Early adoption is permitted on either a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2024-03 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Business Combinations and Consolidation - In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-03, “ Business Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation (Topic 810): Determining the Accounting Acquirer in the Acquisition of a Variable Interest Entity (VIE). ” This standard clarifies the guidance in determining the accounting acquirer in a business combination effected primarily by exchanging equity interests when the acquiree is a VIE that meets the definition of a business. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which means that it will be effective for us in the first quarter of our fiscal year beginning August 1, 2027. Early adoption is permitted, and the standard is to be applied prospectively to acquisitions after the adoption date. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2025-03 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Financial Instruments—Credit Losses - In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, “ Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets. ” This standard allows entities to apply a practical expedient when estimating expected credit losses for current accounts receivable and current contract assets that arise from transactions accounted for under FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.” The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which means that it will be effective for us in the first quarter of our fiscal year beginning August 1, 2026. Early adoption is permitted, and the standard is to be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2025-05 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 2. Fair Value Measurements Fair Value Hierarchy The authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. When determining fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market for an asset or liability and assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. In addition, we consider and use all valuation methods that are appropriate in estimating the fair value of an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that is based on the extent and level of judgment used to estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities. In general, the authoritative guidance requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. An asset or liability’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of its fair value. The three levels of input defined by the authoritative guidance are as follows: • Level 1 uses unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. • Level 2 uses inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable through correlation with market data. These include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and inputs to valuation models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment because the inputs used in the model, such as interest rates and volatility, can be corroborated by readily observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. • Level 3 uses one or more unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the determination of fair value. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar valuation techniques and significant management judgment or estimation. 39 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The following table summarizes financial assets that we measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the dates indicated, classified in accordance with the fair value hierarchy described above. At July 31, 2025 At July 31, 2024 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Total Fair Value Assets: Cash equivalents, primarily money market funds $ 1,790 $ — $ 1,790 $ 2,538 $ — $ 2,538 debt securities: Corporate notes — 502 502 — 456 456 U.S. agency securities — 1,316 1,316 — 159 159 Total debt securities — 1,818 1,818 — 615 615 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 1,790 $ 1,818 $ 3,608 $ 2,538 $ 615 $ 3,153 The following table summarizes our cash equivalents and debt securities by balance sheet classification and level in the fair value hierarchy at the dates indicated: At July 31, 2025 At July 31, 2024 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Total Fair Value Cash equivalents: In cash and cash equivalents $ 1,790 $ — $ 1,790 $ 2,538 $ — $ 2,538 debt securities: In investments $ — $ 1,668 $ 1,668 $ — $ 465 $ 465 In funds receivable and amounts held for customers — 150 150 — 150 150 Total debt securities $ — $ 1,818 $ 1,818 $ — $ 615 $ 615 We value our Level 1 assets, consisting primarily of money market funds, using quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments. Financial assets whose fair values we measure on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs consist of corporate notes and U.S. agency securities. We measure the fair values of these assets with the help of a pricing service that either provides quoted market prices in active markets for identical or similar securities or uses observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. Our fair value processes include controls designed to ensure that we record appropriate fair values for our Level 2 investments. These controls include comparison to pricing provided by a secondary pricing service or investment manager, validation of pricing sources and models, review of key model inputs, analysis of price fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate. Financial assets whose fair values we measure using Level 3 inputs consist of notes receivable held for sale. These notes receivables are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. As of July 31, 2025 we held no notes receivable held for sale. As of July 31, 2024, total notes receivable held for sale was not material and the difference between amortized cost and fair value was not material. Financial liabilities whose fair values we measure using Level 2 inputs consist of senior unsecured notes. See Note 7, “ Debt,” for more information. We measure the fair value of our senior unsecured notes based on their trading prices and the interest rates we could obtain for other borrowings with similar terms. At July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the total estimated fair value of the senior unsecured notes was $ 5.0 billion and $ 5.5 billion, respectively. At July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the carrying value of the senior unsecured notes was $ 5.0 billion and $ 5.5 billion, respectively. See Note 7, “ Debt ,” for more information. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Basis Assets measured at fair value on a basis include reporting units measured at fair value in a goodwill impairment test and our investments. Estimates of fair value for reporting units fall under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. During the fourth quarters of fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests. Using the methodology described in Note 1, we determined that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and that they were not impaired. 40 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 investments primarily include equity securities in privately held companies that do not have a readily determinable fair value. They are accounted for at cost and adjusted based on observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. These investments are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value of these investments using a valuation method based on observable transaction price changes at the transaction date. The following table summarizes the adjustments to the carrying value of our investments. July 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Upward adjustments $ 11 $ 4 $ — Downward adjustments, including impairments ( 51 ) ( 2 ) ( 6 ) Net adjustments $ ( 40 ) $ 2 $ ( 6 ) Cumulative upward adjustments were $ 85 million, and cumulative downward adjustments, including impairments, were $ 69 million through July 31, 2025 for measurement alternative investments held as of July 31, 2025. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the carrying value of investments was $ 94 million and $ 131 million, respectively. 3. Cash and Cash Equivalents, Investments, and Funds Receivable and Amounts Held for Customers The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and funds receivable and amounts held for customers by balance sheet classification at the dates indicated. July 31, 2025 July 31, 2024 (In millions) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Classification on consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,884 $ 2,884 $ 3,609 $ 3,609 Investments 1,667 1,668 465 465 Funds receivable and amounts held for customers 7,076 7,076 3,921 3,921 Total cash and cash equivalents, investments, and funds receivable and amounts held for customers $ 11,627 $ 11,628 $ 7,995 $ 7,995 The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and relevant portion of funds receivable and amounts held for customers by investment category at the dates indicated. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, this excludes $ 329 million and $ 281 million, respectively, of funds receivable on our consolidated balance sheets included in funds receivable and amounts held for customers that were not measured and recorded at fair value. July 31, 2025 July 31, 2024 (In millions) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Type of issue: Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents $ 9,481 $ 9,481 $ 7,099 $ 7,099 debt securities: Corporate notes 502 502 456 456 U.S. agency securities 1,315 1,316 159 159 Total debt securities 1,817 1,818 615 615 Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, restricted cash equivalents, and investments $ 11,298 $ 11,299 $ 7,714 $ 7,714 We include realized gains and losses on our debt securities in interest and other income, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Gross realized gains and losses on our debt securities for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were not material. We accumulate unrealized gains and losses on our debt securities, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets, except for certain unrealized losses described below. Gross unrealized gains and losses on our debt securities at July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 were not material. 41 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. The estimate of the credit loss is determined by considering available information relevant to the collectibility of the security and information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit loss is recorded to interest and other income, net in our consolidated statements of operations, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss. Any excess unrealized loss greater than the allowance for credit loss at a security level is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders' equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We determined there were no credit losses related to debt securities as of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 . Unrealized losses on debt securities at July 31, 2025 were not material. We do not intend to sell these investments. In addition, it is m ore likely than not that we will not be required to sell them before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. The following table summarizes our debt securities, included in investments and relevant portion of funds receivable and amounts held for customers, classified by the stated maturity date of the security at the dates indicated. July 31, 2025 July 31, 2024 (In millions) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Due within one year $ 1,694 $ 1,694 $ 517 $ 516 Due within two years 62 63 55 56 Due within three years 61 61 43 43 Total debt securities $ 1,817 $ 1,818 $ 615 $ 615 The following table summarizes our funds receivable and amounts held for customers by asset category at the dates indicated. (In millions) July 31, 2025 July 31, 2024 July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents $ 6,597 $ 3,490 $ 4 $ 201 Restricted debt securities and funds receivable 479 431 416 230 Total funds receivable and amounts held for customers $ 7,076 $ 3,921 $ 420 $ 431 4. Notes Receivable and Allowances for Credit Losses As of July 31, 2025 and 2024, our notes receivable portfolio consisted of notes receivable held for investment, including term loans to small and businesses and refund advance loans to consumers, and notes receivable held for sale, including term loans to small and businesses. We classify notes receivable as held for investment when we have both the intent and ability to hold until maturity or payoff. We classify notes receivable as held for sale when we have the intent and ability to sell substantially all of our rights and interests in a qualified loan to a investor. A note receivable that is initially designated as held for sale or held for investment may be reclassified when our intent for that individual note receivable changes. When a note receivable held for investment is reclassified to held for sale and recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, the related allowance for credit losses for that note receivable is released, and any adjustment to record the loan at the lower of amortized cost or fair value is recorded. Notes Receivable Held for Investment Term loans to small and businesses . We provide financing to small and businesses via term loans that we originate directly or through an originating bank partner. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and 2024, we purchased term loans from our originating bank partner with principal balances in the amount of $ 3.5 billion and $ 1.8 billion, respectively. As of July 31, 2025, we had commitments to purchase $ 38 million in term loans that were originated on or prior to July 31, 2025. The term loans are not secured and are recorded at amortized cost, which includes unpaid principal balances, deferred origination costs and fees, and any related discount or premium, net of allowances for credit losses. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the net notes receivable held for investment balance for term loans to small and businesses was $ 1.5 billion and $ 912 million, respectively. The current portion is included in notes receivable held for investment and the portion is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on notes receivable held for investment to reserve for expected credit losses in the notes receivable portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is determined based on our current estimate of expected credit losses, historical credit losses, estimates of recoveries, and future expectations as of each balance sheet date. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our notes receivable portfolio on a pooled basis due to its composition of term loans with similar general credit risk and characteristics. The allowance for credit losses is subjective and requires management estimates, including such factors as known and inherent risks in the notes receivable portfolio, use of historical credit losses to estimate expected credit 42 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 losses, adverse situations that may affect borrowers' ability to repay, and current and forecasted economic conditions. Expected credit losses are measured based on a credit loss forecasting model and calculated by applying loss curves derived from loan level risk segment and term mixes, aggregated at monthly loan vintages. Loss curves are estimated based on a combination of empirical loss curve data and management judgment. We use empirical data and management judgment to estimate losses for new credit tests or products for which we do not have enough history. The methodologies are updated periodically to reflect factors such as actual term loan performance and changes in assumptions based on the risk characteristics of the notes receivable portfolio. When available information confirms that the specific term loans or portions thereof are uncollectible, identified amounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses. Term loans are charged off as the contractual principal becomes 120 days past due or meets certain other policy requirements. Subsequent recoveries of the unpaid principal balance, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the allowances for credit losses, amount of recorded, and amount of recoveries on term loans to small and businesses were not material. We consider a term loan to be delinquent when the payments are one day past due. We place delinquent term loans on nonaccrual status and stop accruing interest revenue. Term loans are returned to accrual status if they are brought current or have performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and, in our judgment, will continue to make periodic principal and interest payments as per the contractual terms. Past due amounts were not material for all periods presented. Refund Advance Loans . Refund advance loans are loans available to eligible TurboTax customers based on a customer's anticipated income tax refund, at no cost to the customer. These loans are repaid from the customer's income tax refund, which is generally received within three to four weeks after acceptance of the customer's income tax return by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). We partner with a issuing bank to originate the loans and subsequently purchase full participating interests in those loans. The refund advance loans are not secured and are recorded at amortized cost, net of an allowance for credit losses. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the net notes receivable balances for refund advance loans were not material. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to reserve for potentially uncollectible loans. We estimate the allowance for credit losses based on the expected funding of refunds by the IRS using historical trends. When we determine that any amounts are uncollectible, we charge them off against the allowance for credit losses. As of July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the allowances for credit losses on refund advance loans were not material. Notes Receivable Held for Sale Term loans to small and businesses . We have entered into multiple forward flow arrangements with institutional investors that facilitate the sale of participation interests in eligible unsecured term loans. These arrangements have varying terms, with expiration dates ranging from 2027 to 2029. Total sales of term loans during the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 were $ 543 million and $ 323 million, respectively. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, gains on sales of term loans and servicing income were not material. Notes receivable held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value determined on an individual term loan basis. As of July 31, 2025 we held no notes receivable as held for sale. As of July 31, 2024, the balances of notes receivable held for sale was $ 3 million, and is included in notes receivable held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets. 5. Property and Equipment Property and equipment consisted of the following at the dates indicated: Life in July 31, (Dollars in millions) Years 2025 2024 Computer software 2 - 6 $ 791 $ 810 Buildings 5 - 30 644 636 Leasehold improvements 2 - 16 479 495 Equipment 3 - 5 175 177 Furniture and fixtures 5 139 141 Land – 96 96 Capital in progress – 39 17 2,363 2,372 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 1,402 ) ( 1,363 ) Total property and equipment, net $ 961 $ 1,009 Capital in progress at July 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted primarily of costs related to various buildings and site improvements that have not yet been placed into service. 43 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 As discussed in Note 1, “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Internal Use Software , ” we capitalize costs related to the development of computer software for internal use. We capitalized internal use software costs totaling $ 40 million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025; $ 59 million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024; and $ 50 million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2023. There was no capitalized labor in these amounts for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Costs related to internal use software projects are included in the capital in progress category of property and equipment until project completion, at which time they are transferred to the computer software category. 6. Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets Goodwill Changes in the carrying value of goodwill by reportable segment during the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 were as shown in the following table. Our reportable segments are described in Note 14, “Segment Information.” We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. See Note 1, “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Basis of Presentation , ” for more information. (In millions) Balance July 31, 2023 Goodwill Acquired/ Adjusted Foreign Currency Translation Balance July 31, 2024 Goodwill Acquired/ Adjusted Foreign Currency Translation Balance July 31, 2025 Global Business Solutions $ 9,691 $ — $ ( 1 ) $ 9,690 $ 134 $ 1 $ 9,825 Consumer 4,089 65 — 4,154 — 1 4,155 Totals $ 13,780 $ 65 $ ( 1 ) $ 13,844 $ 134 $ 2 $ 13,980 Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment losses of $ 114 million, which were recorded prior to July 31, 2023 and are included in our Consumer segment. The increases in goodwill during the twelve months ended July 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 were primarily due to acquisitions. Acquired Intangible Assets The following table shows the cost, accumulated amortization, and life in years for our acquired intangible assets at the dates indicated. The lives are calculated for assets that are not fully amortized. (Dollars in millions) Customer and User Relationships Purchased Technology Trade Names and Logos Total At July 31, 2025: Cost $ 6,198 $ 1,765 $ 680 $ 8,643 Accumulated amortization ( 2,034 ) ( 1,061 ) ( 246 ) ( 3,341 ) Acquired intangible assets, net $ 4,164 $ 704 $ 434 $ 5,302 life in years 14 8 13 13 At July 31, 2024: Cost $ 6,196 $ 1,648 $ 680 $ 8,524 Accumulated amortization ( 1,605 ) ( 905 ) ( 194 ) ( 2,704 ) Acquired intangible assets, net $ 4,591 $ 743 $ 486 $ 5,820 life in years 14 8 13 13 44 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 The following table shows the expected future amortization expense for our acquired intangible assets at July 31, 2025. Amortization of purchased technology is generally charged to amortization of acquired technology in our consolidated statements of operations. Amortization of other acquired intangible assets, such as customer and user relationships, is charged to amortization of other acquired intangible assets in our consolidated statements of operations. If impairment events occur, they could accelerate the timing of acquired intangible asset charges. (In millions) Expected Future Amortization Expense Fiscal year ending July 31, 2026 $ 660 2027 633 2028 613 2029 593 2030 590 Thereafter 2,213 Total expected future amortization expense $ 5,302 7. Debt The carrying value of our debt was as follows at the dates indicated: July 31, July 31, Effective (Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 Interest Rate Senior unsecured notes issued June 2020: 0.950 % notes due July 2025 $ — $ 500 1.127 % 1.350 % notes due July 2027 500 500 1.486 % 1.650 % notes due July 2030 500 500 1.767 % Senior unsecured notes issued September 2023: 5.250 % notes due September 2026 750 750 5.325 % 5.125 % notes due September 2028 750 750 5.258 % 5.200 % notes due September 2033 1,250 1,250 5.312 % 5.500 % notes due September 2053 1,250 1,250 5.576 % Secured revolving credit facilities 1,014 585 Total principal balance of debt 6,014 6,085 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ( 41 ) ( 47 ) Net carrying value of debt $ 5,973 $ 6,038 debt $ — $ 499 debt $ 5,973 $ 5,539 Future principal payments for debt at July 31, 2025 were as shown in the table below. (In millions) Fiscal year ending July 31, 2026 $ — 2027 1,250 2028 300 2029 1,464 2030 500 Thereafter 2,500 Total future principal payments for debt $ 6,014 45 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 Senior Unsecured Notes 2020 Notes. In June 2020, we issued four series of senior unsecured notes (together, the 2020 Notes) pursuant to a public debt offering. The proceeds from the issuance were $ 1.98 billion, net of debt discount of $ 2 million and debt issuance costs of $ 15 million. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we repaid the $ 500 million in notes due in July 2025 when they became due using cash from operations. As of July 31, 2025, $ 1.0 billion of the 2020 Notes remained outstanding. Interest is payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The discount and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Intuit and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Intuit and are redeemable by us at any time, subject to a premium. Upon the occurrence of change of control transactions that are accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of the 2020 Notes, we will be required to repurchase the 2020 Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the aggregate outstanding principal plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the date of repurchase. The indenture governing the 2020 Notes requires us to comply with certain covenants. For example, the 2020 Notes limit our ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2020 Notes. 2023 Notes. In September 2023, we issued four series of senior unsecured notes (together, the 2023 Notes) pursuant to a public debt offering. The proceeds from the issuance were $ 3.96 billion, net of debt discount of $ 20 million and debt issuance costs of $ 24 million, and were used, together with operating cash, to repay the outstanding balance on our unsecured term loan. As of July 31, 2025, $ 4.0 billion of the 2023 Notes remained outstanding. Interest is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The discount and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Intuit and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Intuit and are redeemable by us at any time, subject to a premium. The indenture governing the 2023 Notes requires us to comply with certain covenants. For example, the 2023 Notes limit our ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2023 Notes. Unsecured Credit Facilities 2024 Credit Facility . On February 5, 2024, we terminated our amended and restated credit agreement dated November 1, 2021 (2021 Credit Facility), and entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $ 1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that expires on February 5, 2029 (2024 Credit Facility). Under the 2024 Credit Facility, we may, subject to certain customary conditions, including approval of relevant lenders, on one or more occasions, increase commitments under the 2024 Credit Facility by an amount not to exceed $ 1 billion in the aggregate, and, on one or more occasions, extend the maturity date of the 2024 Credit Facility by one year . The 2024 Credit Facility includes a $ 500 million sublimit for borrowing swingline loans and a $ 250 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. Advances under the 2024 Credit Facility accrue interest at rates equal to (a) in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0 % to 0.125 %, or (ii) the adjusted term Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR) plus a margin that ranges from 0.7 % to 1.125 %, or (b) in the case of foreign currency borrowings, the interest benchmark for the relevant currency specified in the credit agreement plus a margin that ranges from 0.7 % to 1.125 %. The facility fee ranges from 0.050 % to 0.125 % per annum. The actual interest margins and the facility fee are based on our senior debt credit ratings. The 2024 Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a ratio of total gross debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), as defined in the agreement, of not greater than 4.00 to 1.00 as measured on a rolling twelve month basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2024 Credit Facility. At July 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility. 2025 Credit Facility . On January 30, 2025, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $ 4.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (2025 Credit Facility) to fund a portion of our TurboTax early tax refund offering. We terminated the 2025 Credit Facility on March 3, 2025. Advances under the 2025 Credit Facility accrued interest at rates equal to, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin of 0.125 %, or (ii) the adjusted daily simple SOFR or term SOFR plus a margin of 1.125 %. Unused portions of the commitment accrued a fee of 0.10 % per annum. Secured Revolving Credit Facilities 2019 Secured Facility . On February 19, 2019, a subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qu alified small and businesses (the 2019 Secured Facility). 46 Table of Contents Exhibit 99.01 The 2019 Secured Facility is to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2019 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily increase the facility limit, extend the commitment term and final maturity date, and update the benchmark interest rate. U nder the amended 2019 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $ 500 million, of which $ 300 million is committed and $ 200 million is uncommitted. Advances accrue interest at adjusted daily simple SOFR plus 1.25 %. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.25 % to 0.75 %, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through August 31, 2027, and the final maturity date is August 31, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2019 Secured Facility. At July 31, 2025, $ 440 million was outstanding under the 2019 Secured Facility and the interest rate was 5.74 %. Interest on the 2019 Secured Facility is payable monthly. 2022 Secured Facilit y . On October 12, 2022, another subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and businesses (the 2022 Secured Facility). The 2022 Secured Facility is to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2022 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily extend the commitment term and final maturity date, increase the commitment amount, and reduce the interest rate. Under the amended 2022 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $ 500 million, of which $ 400 million is committed and $ 100 million is uncommitted. Advances accrue interest at SOFR plus 1.1 %. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.2 % to 0.4 %, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through April 30, 2027, and the final maturity date is May 1, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with all covenants governing the 2022 Secured Facility. At July 31, 2025, $ 300 million was outstanding under the 2022 Secured Facility and the interest rate was 5.56 %, which includes the fee on the unused committed portion. Interest on the 2022 Secured Facility is payable monthly. 2024 Secured Facility. On November 1, 2024, another subsidiary of Intuit entered into a secured revolving credit facility with a lender to fund the lending products and services we offer to qualified small and businesses (the 2024 Secured Facility). The 2024 Secured Facility is to Intuit Inc. and is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary, which are in excess of the amount outstanding under the 2024 Secured Facility as of July 31, 2025. We have entered into several amendments to this facility. These amendments primarily increased the commitment amount. Under the amended 2024 Secured Facility, the facility limit is $ 300 million, all of which is committed. Advances accrue interest at SOFR plus 1.15 %. Unused portions of the committed credit facility accrue a fee at a rate ranging from 0.2 % to 0.4 %, depending on the total unused committed balance. The commitment term is through November 1, 2027, and the final maturity date is November 1, 2028. The agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. As of July 31, 2025, we were compliant with a

[truncated]