ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT. Revolving Credit Facility On January 30, 2026, Intuit Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), entered into a Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with the lenders party thereto (collectively, the “Lenders”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Agent”), which provides for a $5.8 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to mature on March 31, 2026. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement may only be used for the Company’s early tax refund offering. This offering enables the Company to provide eligible customers access to their federal tax refunds up to five days before IRS settlement. The Company provides these funds to customers only after the IRS confirms and initiates the approved refund payment from the U.S. Department of Treasury to a account. The credit facility provided under the Credit Agreement is available in addition to the Company’s commercial paper program and the Company’s existing credit agreement dated as of January 9, 2026. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Company may borrow, repay and reborrow revolving loans at any time during the term of the facility. Voluntary prepayments of loans and voluntary reductions of unused commitments under the Credit Agreement are permissible without penalty (other than customary interest breakage charges). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate based on the secured overnight financing (“SOFR”) or a base rate, at the Company’s election, plus an applicable margin of 0.875% per annum in the case of SOFR borrowing and 0.000% per annum in the case of base rate borrowings. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to pay a commitment fee at a rate of 0.07% per annum on the daily unused amount of the commitments under the facility. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including a requirement for the Company to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, and events of default. At this time, the Company has not borrowed any funds under the Credit Agreement. The Agent, the Lenders, and their respective affiliates may have various relationships with the Company and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business involving the provision of financial services, including cash management, commercial banking, investment banking or other services. The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.01 and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 2.03 CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (d) Exhibits 10.01 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2026, by and among Intuit Inc., the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: January 30, 2026 INTUIT INC. By: /s/ Sandeep S. Aujla Sandeep S. Aujla Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer